===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-30 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Garmin Limited First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now hand today's call over to Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's first quarter 2025 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcripts will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, segment growth rates, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introductions, foreign currency, tariff impacts, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of Risk Factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these Risk Factors is contained in our Form 10-Q and in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin delivered outstanding financial results during the first quarter of 2025, in a continuation of the positive business trends we've been experiencing over the longer-term. Consolidated revenue increased 11% to $1.54 billion, a new first quarter record with three business segments delivering double-digit growth. Gross and operating margins were 57.6% and 21.7% respectively, resulting in record first quarter operating income of $333 million, up 12% year-over-year and pro forma EPS of $1.61, up 13% year-over-year. We're off to a great start and we are very pleased with these results. While it is not our normal practice, we are updating our full year 2025 guidance to reflect first quarter results and our current assessment of markets and the global trade environment. Doug will discuss our financial results and updated guidance in greater detail in a few minutes, but first, I'll provide remarks on tariffs followed by an update for each business segment. The global trade environment is very dynamic due to recent changes in U.S. trade policy, which is affecting every business, especially those with extensive global supply chains. It appears that higher tariffs and more complex trade structures will be a normal part of business going forward. While the situation remains fluid, we have established assumptions about tariff structures that are most likely to impact Garmin and have reassessed our 2025 guidance using these assumptions. It's important to note that approximately 25% of our revenue is generated in the U.S. market from products manufactured outside of the U.S., primarily in Taiwan. Our assumptions include a 10% baseline tariff on all products manufactured outside of the U.S. including those manufactured in Taiwan. Many of our products are temporarily exempt from tariffs, but we have not assumed any benefit from these temporary exemptions, reflecting conservatism in our assumptions. We will benefit from these exemptions as long as they remain in place. We are also assuming an incremental 145% tariff on products and materials imported into the U.S. directly from China. While we do not source a significant amount of material directly from China for U.S. production, the reciprocal tariff amplifies the impact. The current trade environment has weakened the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies, which benefits our revenue and margin. Approximately 40% of our revenue is generated in non-U.S. dollar currencies and we expect the benefit to partially offset the direct impact of tariffs. We are pursuing mitigations, some of which have already been established, while others will take more time. We are not ruling anything out and we intend to be strategic and selective with these actions. Given the current trade environment and potential impact on consumers, our guidance assumes a modest reduction of demand moving forward. Using these assumptions, we estimate the gross impact from tariffs on our 2025 results prior to any mitigations will be approximately $100 million of increased cost. However, our 2025 pro forma EPS is unchanged at $7.80 as the expected benefit from foreign exchange and planned mitigations offset the impact of tariffs on earnings. While the current trade environment has created headwinds and increased uncertainty in the market, we remain optimistic because of our strong product lines and the resilience of our vertically integrated, highly diversified business model. Turning now to business updates. Starting with Fitness, revenue increased 12% to $385 million with growth led by strong demand for advanced wearables. According to the latest data provided by IDC, we were the only global smartwatch provider that grew in 2024, reflecting increased market share. Gross and operating margins were 57% and 20% respectively, resulting in operating income of $78 million. During the quarter, we announced Garmin Connect+, a premium service offering AI based health and fitness insights, enhanced live tracking and exclusive achievement badges. We recently announced the vívoactive 6, our newest health and fitness smartwatch with an even brighter AMOLED display, more than 80 preloaded sports apps and access to Garmin Coach training plans. Given the first quarter performance of the Fitness segment and the expected benefit from foreign currency shifts, we are raising our revenue growth estimate to 15% for the year. Moving to Outdoor, revenue increased 20% to $438 million with growth driven primarily by adventure watches. Gross and operating margins were 64% and 29% respectively, resulting in operating income of $129 million. During the quarter, we launched several new products across multiple categories, including wearable for adventure sports, dive and golf. One noteworthy launch is the new Instinct 3 adventure watch series, which now includes versions with a bright AMOLED display. We also released our annual 2024 inReach SOS Report highlighting the importance of Garmin response, which coordinates emergency response services in more than 200 countries and territories and supports rescue efforts in more than 210 languages. The emergency response coordination center is an important part of what differentiates our inReach SOS service from others. We are pleased with the strong performance of the Outdoor segment so far this year. Looking forward, we expect growth to moderate as we reach the anniversary of the highly successful fenix 8 launch and considering the possibility that economic uncertainty could reduce demand for certain products. With these things in mind, we are maintaining our revenue growth estimate of 10% for the year. Looking next at Aviation, revenue increased 3% in the first quarter to $223 million, driven by growth in OEM product categories. Gross and operating margins were 75% and 22% respectively, resulting in operating income of $48 million. During the quarter, Pilatus Aircraft announced the new PC-12 PRO featuring our G3000 Prime flight deck, which with deliveries expected to begin later this year. Pilatus also selected the G3000 Prime for the PC-7 MKX military training aircraft, demonstrating versatility to serve both civilian and military applications. The G3000 Prime flight deck is truly extraordinary and significantly raises the bar for modern cockpit system technology. We were also named Supplier of the Year by Cirrus Aircraft, reflecting our commitment to create the best products and provide outstanding service to our customers. Given the first quarter performance of the Aviation segment, we are maintaining our 5% revenue growth estimate for 2025. Turning to the Marine segment. Revenue decreased 2% to $319 million primarily due to the timing of promotions. Gross and operating margins improved to 58% and 27% respectively, resulting in operating income of $87 million. During the quarter, we launched the Force Pro trolling motor with multiband GPS for improved control, reverse thrust capability and a built in sonar transducer. Also during the quarter, we were named 2025 Supplier of the Year for the second consecutive year by Independent Boat Builders, Incorporated for providing outstanding service, support and dedication to its owner network. Given the first quarter performance of the Marine segment and continued softness in the overall market, we now expect 2025 revenue will be flat versus the prior year. Moving finally to the Auto OEM segment, revenue increased 31% to $169 million with growth primarily driven by increased shipments of domain controllers to BMW. Gross margin was 18% and the operating loss narrowed to $9 million. During the quarter, Honda Motor Company announced the 50th anniversary model of the iconic Gold Wing motorcycle featuring a complete infotainment solution from Garmin. Given the first quarter performance of the Auto OEM segment, we are now maintaining our 7% revenue growth estimate for 2025. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd begin by reviewing our first quarter financial results by comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes, updated guidance. Posted revenue of $1,535 million for the first quarter, representing 11% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 57.6%, 50 basis point decrease in the prior quarter. Decrease was primarily due to segment mix. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 35.9%, 50 basis point decrease. Operating income was $333 million, a 12% increase. Operating margin was 21.7% compared with the prior quarter. Our GAAP EPS is $1.72, pro forma EPS is $1.61. Next, look at our first quarter revenue by segment and geography. During the first quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in three or five segments, led by the Auto OEM segment 31% growth followed by the Outdoor segment with 20% growth, the Fitness segment with 12% growth. By geography, we achieved growth in all three regions led by 23% growth in EMEA followed by 9% growth in APAC, 4% growth in Americas. Looking next on operating expenses, first quarter operating expense increased by $48 million or 10%. Research and development increased approximately $26 million; SG&A increased approximately $22 million per the prior year quarter. Both increases are primarily related to personnel related expenses. Few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, and taxes. End the quarter with cash marketable securities approximately $3.9 billion, cash receivable increased year-over-year through strong sales but decreased sequentially to $787 million following the seasonally strong fourth quarter. Inventory increased year-over-year sequentially to approximately $1.6 billion. In the first quarter 2025, we generated free cash flow of $381 million, $21 million decrease than prior year quarter. Capital expenditures for first quarter 2025 were $40 million, probably $7 million higher than prior year quarter. We still expect full year 2025 free cash flow to approximately $1.1 billion, capital expenditures approximately $350 million. In the first quarter of 2025, we paid dividends of approximately $145 million, purchased $27 million of the company stock. At quarter end, we had approximately $210 million remaining share repurchase program, which authorized through December 2026. Reported effective tax rate 14.5% compared to 15.6% in the prior year quarter. Decrease in the current quarter is primarily due to increased tax benefits from stock-based compensation. Turning next to our full year guidance. We estimate revenue of approximately $6.85 billion compared to our previous guidance of $6.8 billion. Increase is primarily due to expected net favorable foreign currency impacts partially offset by modest weakening of demand. Point of reference for foreign currency impact approximately 40% of our sales denominated non-U.S. dollar currencies in the euro is about half of the non-U.S. dollar currencies, resulting in a benefit to revenue when the U.S. dollar weakens relative to other major currencies. We expect gross margin to be approximately 58.5%, just 20 basis points lower than our previous guidance to be 8.7% to an estimated $100 million of increased cost from tariffs, mostly offset by expected favorable foreign currency impacts and planned mitigations. We expect an operating margin approximately 24.8% compared to our previous guidance of 25%. Also, we expect pro forma effective tax rate 16.5% to unchange from our previous expectations. This results in expected pro forma earnings per share of approximately $7.80, which consistent with our previous guidance. This concludes our formal remarks. Tameka, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question is from the line of Joseph Cardoso with J.P. Morgan.
Joseph Cardoso: Hey, good morning. Thank you for the details and the question here. Maybe for my first one, in the prepared remarks, you talked about a modest demand reduction assumed in the outlook. But if we take a step back, just curious, as we look across the first quarter trends across your segments, and perhaps even the second quarter trends today, are you observing any indications of potential demand pulling at your customers as they possibly attempt to build inventory to de-risk kind of this volatile tariff situation? And then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think -- good morning, Joseph. I think at this point, we have not seen any indications of weakness. We already mentioned that the marine market has been somewhat soft, and that's been fairly consistent. I think if anything, with the real-time pulse on our registrations, the demand for our products and the registrations, which really means sell-through has been very strong. There's no indication that retailers are stocking or overstocking of products, and there's a natural limitation there because they have limited capital they can deploy on inventory and also credit limits are in place as well. So in general, I don't see that the channel or the consumers are out of balance because of the trade concerns.
Joseph Cardoso: No. Got it. That's great to hear. And then maybe switching away from tariffs, it was great to see the release of Connect Plus. But I guess, Cliff, why now in past discussions, at least anecdotally, there appear to be some reservations about finding the right value to essentially end up charging your customers. So I guess, what capabilities or what developments prompted you to kind of launch this at this time. And then, obviously, early days, but curious if you can provide any initial indications around customer reception, interaction with Connect Plus that might be indicative of increasing appetite to use the app, et cetera. Just curious if there's anything you can share on that front as well.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think we've been saying for a while that, that we are evaluating opportunities to have a premium offering on Garmin Connect. And I think the developments of AI and particularly around AI-based insights for our users was one of those things that we felt was important to recognize the value for the investment that it takes to do. And so we felt like it was the right time, and we do have a very strong user base. Connect Plus it certainly doesn't -- isn't required for users, and we're not taking any features away from people that they've had and we still have a strong commitment to develop Garmin Connect and our devices with broad features that are available to everyone. The certain ones, we will likely reserve for premium offerings and so far, the response has been positive. We're not measuring success in terms of the short-term. This is a long-term thing for us, a very important part of our Fitness segment going forward. So we're going to build on where we started.
Joseph Cardoso: Fair enough. Appreciate the color. Thanks, guys.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Great. Thanks so much for taking my questions, guys. Good morning. Cliff, just maybe two quick clarification points. Is there any way for the full year calendar 2025 guide that you can kind of disaggregate how much demand, relative weakness you are baking in versus how much of a tailwind the U.S. dollar is, obviously, total revenue guide went up slightly. But just trying to understand how much demand weakness are you kind of embedding versus how much FX tailwinds are you now embedding? And then a quick follow-up. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Hey, good morning, Erik. We provided quite a bit of color in terms of the FX part. So that's one that's fairly easy for everyone to understand. I think when you get below that in terms of demand shifts as well as mitigations; it's very hard to disaggregate. And so we're not providing additional color on that. But in terms of just our overall feeling on demand, we're -- we don't feel like there's really any shift at all. We're just including the possibility of a modest decrease. So not very much. And for the most part, all of our mitigations plus the FX benefit goes to the bottom line is a net 0 impact.
Erik Woodring: That's perfect. Thank you, guys. And that, that kind of segues into my next question, which is a bit broader. And gets at this kind of mitigation point that you're making, Cliff. I'd love if you could just share a little bit more color on if we think short-term, what type of mitigation tools are you prioritizing to limit the impact of tariffs? And then bigger picture or longer-term, you guys are one of the only consumer electronics companies that has wholly-owned facilities that does all of your own manufacturing. Does the current tariff landscape gets you to rethink that at all or your geographic footprint? Any changes? I realize it's still early, and there's a lot of volatility here. But any influence that this current policy could have on how you are thinking about your supply and assembly exposure? Thanks so much.
Cliff Pemble: In terms of mitigations, I think everything is on the table, as I mentioned, and we're considering all of them. There's no one size fits all and we're not taking a broader approach and mitigations across all of our segments and all of our product lines. We're evaluating everything case by case. There are shorter-term things that we can do in terms of sourcing actions. And some of these things were actually in progress before any of the current trade situation started to evolve. And so we'll get the benefit of those actions we were already taken. But in general, we're doing what we can in the short-term, and then we'll continue to work on the longer-term mitigations to optimize our overall results. In terms of our global footprint, actually, a global footprint is a benefit right now, not a detriment. As we mentioned, 25% of our revenue is generated in the U.S. from products manufactured outside of the U.S. So 75% of our products go elsewhere. And so a global footprint is required in order to be able to serve all of the markets. There are some product considerations that we could make in terms of where they're manufactured to optimize our overall supply chains and results. But in general, I would not expect to see a big shift in terms of our overall global footprint and our vertical integration strategy.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That’s super clear. Thank you for all that color, Cliff. Good luck, guys.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
Joe Nolan: Hi, good morning. This is Joe Nolan on for David. I just had a quick question on the shape of the year a little bit. Just in 2Q, I was wondering if there's going to be any sort of lag from mitigation actions if those maybe will have some impact on margins as they take time to work their way into the system and just how that progresses through the remainder of the year as the timing of the mitigation actions.
Doug Boessen: Yes. So as it relates to the mitigation, we'll actually, as Cliff mentioned, we'll put those in place when we think it's appropriate with those. But a few things that we have to think about, as of Q2 is, one of which is the timing of when the tariffs are in place also have to consider the inventory that we do have on hand. So we do have inventory on hand that doesn't have the tariffs. It'll be in the timing in there also. So what I'm saying is there's a lot of puts and takes that really take place in that Q2 from that standpoint, we're doing everything we can to not put things in place as soon as we can to mitigate it as soon as we can, but there's a lot of different moving parts in there between inventory, the mitigation efforts that are taking place in there too as well as when the tariffs are in place in there, too.
Joe Nolan: Got it. Okay. And then just another quick one. In Marine, you mentioned the timing of promotions. If you could just provide any detail on that and if that's expected to be a headwind into the second quarter as well?
Cliff Pemble: I think in 2024, we had a major promotion with a national retailer where inventory was bought in, in the first quarter for those promotions and that promotion will occur this year or did occur in the second quarter and inventory was purchased slightly later. So it's really a shift in terms of a single promotional event. And we would expect some of those dynamics to ripple into the second quarter when it comes to our overall performance.
Joe Nolan: Got it. Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. I'll pass it on.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of George Wang with Barclays.
George Wang: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Just kind of take a step back kind of high level and philosophically, how do you think about consumer demand backdrop in the second half, kind of puts and takes with the fluidity of the situation given ever-changing tariff policy. I'm just curious, like given diverse portfolio and so a more premier approach for the government, especially on the wearables finish side, whether it's a bit more shielded and kind of you noted, I mean you took down the demand as a precaution measure. Just curious how to frame kind of upside versus downside risk for the consumer demand as we head into the second half. I mean people talk about, Cliff, for the second half, that's probably more of the consensus. But we really haven't seen any real data points. Just curious if you have any other color to add.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Thank you for the question. I think no one has a crystal ball into what the consumer will do, as I mentioned earlier, so far, the indications are no change in terms of behaviors. Our demand for our products is still very strong. But we're including the possibility that it could weaken some I think people would probably say we're ignoring the risk if we didn't do that. So consequently, we've included some conservatism around that. But I think in terms of your point about the diversity of our company and our product lines; I think we offer unique products. And when people want to have a product like what we offer, we believe that they probably will step up and buy it. And so consequently, we're not factoring in significant changes in terms of overall demand, just a little bit of incremental softness.
George Wang: Okay. Great. And just kind of segue quickly just in terms of mediation measures, I understand that you guys are not specifically telegraphing the specific measures. But I think small price rates could be bulk just as a consensus. Just curious like how you think about the pricing power for government products, given pretty strong following, I feel like that would be one of the either waste just despite kind of low-single-digit to 5% price rise. So do you think that's something kind of in the ballpark? And if you have higher pricing, do you think kind of $100 million growth impact from tariff could be understated just all else being equal. Just curious like whether you can potentially work up the guidance for the balance of 2025 if you kind of have pricing or follow through and some other cost cuts, et cetera?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think that's a very good question. Just one point of clarification. There will always be a growth impact from tariffs because there's always a cost. So the real question is how can you mitigate it? And your specific question is about how we can mitigate through pricing actions. As I mentioned, everything is on the table. So we're evaluating pricing not broadly, but specifically in context of each market and product line, I can't say what we're going to do in specific circumstances, but there are cases where definitely, there's room to have different pricing, and there's other cases because they're -- it's more competitive and difficult to increase prices. So we're managing it case by case. And of course, we'll use the opportunities where we can. But otherwise, we're going to make sure that we maintain our market share and optimize our overall profit dollars in this environment.
George Wang: Great. Just quickly, if I can squeeze in. Just in terms shifting to Auto OEM margin profile are you guys sticking to the medium-term model for Auto OEM in terms of the gross margin or OPM margin? Or do you think the tariffs and the macro is slightly pushing out the breakeven for the business?
Cliff Pemble: I think we're still modeling the high-teens, 20% gross margin level for this segment. Tariffs are still a factor for Auto OEM, and there's a lot of noise around how tariffs will be applied. In this market, we're also working very closely with our partners to see cost recoveries for any additional costs that we have on the tariff side of things. And so in general, we're staying with our model because we believe there's a few more levers there that we can manage.
George Wang: Great, great. Thanks again, and congrats again on the strong execution. I'll go back to the queue.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, George.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Could you talk a little bit about the relative performance across the geographies? The Americas obviously grew, but a big detail versus last quarter, EMEA continues to really outperform. Any thoughts on the dynamics you're seeing across geos that are contributing to the relative performance levels? And then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. The geographies reflect a little bit of where the biggest markets are for some of our segments in the Americas, Marine and Aviation are the majority of those markets are in the Americas market area. So the lower performance of growth in those two segments, of course, influence of the Americas region. In EMEA, we're very strong, especially on the wearables side of things and a lot of growth there in terms of our advanced wearable products. So that influenced EMEA as well. And finally, Auto OEM with our European deliveries out of our Poland factory at BMW grew significantly year-over-year as we put new models into production. And so therefore, that, that influenced the growth there as well.
Ben Bollin: Yes, thanks. The other question I had is, when you look at the guidance within Fitness, 1Q run rate, a bit below how you're guiding the year. Could you talk a little bit how you're thinking about new products or just the pace rate that you see that, that segment developing over the course of the year? That's it for me. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: We expect Fitness will have a bigger benefit from foreign exchange because of the weighting of the revenues outside of the U.S. dollars. So that's one factor. And then the other thing I would say is that, that, we're still working towards new product releases this year that will influence our revenue going forward. And so we're anticipating a benefit from new product releases that are coming.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial Partners.
Ivan Feinseth: Hi, thank you for taking my question and congratulations on the great results in this difficult economic and global trade environment.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Ivan Feinseth: Since you keep introducing more and more subscription-based products, and you have a lot of them now, not only like the Aviation and Marine maps, but the inReach and now Connect Plus at what point do you think you would start to report subscription and software revenue as a separate line item.
Cliff Pemble: Well, as you know, we would have to report those as soon as they reach 10% of our consolidated revenue. So when that happens, we'll definitely let you know.
Ivan Feinseth: Okay. Also, congratulations on the Gold Wing infotainment adoption. Does that or is there the opportunity to include like the zūmo radar on -- as an OEM addition to motorcycles? And do you see any opportunity to start to go into more like advanced rider safety systems?
Cliff Pemble: Well, the zūmo radar is early news. So it's just getting out there to the market. And what's really interesting about the zūmo radar is it's another example of a product category that we invented and brought to the market. And so it's early days, but I would expect that motorcycle OEMs as well as aftermarket users are going to embrace that product line, and it will be part of the market going forward.
Ivan Feinseth: No, on your forward guidance, which I think was pretty impressive in light of what's going on, is a major portion of that going to be driven by new product introductions? Or can you give us some color on that?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I can't provide a detail on what that is, but it's all factored into our overall outlook. We have a cadence of roughly 100 new product releases every year and 2025 certainly has a lot of new products that are coming as well as new product categories. And so we're factoring all of that into our outlook.
Ivan Feinseth: All right. Thanks. Congratulations on the great execution again.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Ivan.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Ron Epstein: How are you thinking about just getting shipments of product? I mean my understanding there's freight that's waiting outside of ports. I mean how are you factoring that in?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I'm not sure exactly what the nature of your question is; we have been following a normal cadence of manufacturing and shipping. And so our shipping consists of a combination of both air and sea freight. And things have been business as usual along those lines.
Ron Epstein: Okay. That's good to know. And then can you give any more color on the various tools that you're trying to use to mitigate tariffs?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. As I mentioned, everything is on the table. So we're looking at a broad range of things from the detailed sourcing level of supply chains to where specific products might be manufactured to pricing, to overall cost structures within the company. So everything is on the table. We're not ruling anything out. We're just simply not providing details on that right now because some of the items, depending on the market is more competitively sensitive.
Ron Epstein: Yes, that makes sense. And then on the Aviation side, do you expect any impact there on tariffs? I mean in terms of maybe some of the electronics that you use?
Cliff Pemble: Well, there's some impact because there's always materials that are coming from outside of the U.S. And so we factored that into our overall outlook for Aviation. But the impact is more limited in Aviation. And as you know, we do most of our manufacturing of Aviation products here in the United States in two different factories in Oregon and Kansas.
Ron Epstein: Yes, yes. That's great. All right, cool. Thank you very much.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Ron.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question is from Noah Zatzkin with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Noah Zatzkin: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe first, just on the adjustment to the Marine revenue growth outlook. Is that a reflection of kind of a differing view on kind of the end market versus prior? Or what's kind of embedded there? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Again, this is more just an intrical view of what could happen to the market and just kind of listening to what customers are saying without any real data points yet, obviously, because it's very early days. Early boat show indications were very strong. I do think that the shock factor around the tariffs and the changes that happened so quickly. Could put some of those customers who were looking at high-end boats and also equipment on pause as they "see what happens". We hear that a lot. But in general, we expect that the bell curve of our market where these products are sold will continue to function, although we're factoring in just a slight amount of softness for this transition time.
Noah Zatzkin: Makes sense. And maybe just one more and apologies if you've already touched on this. But on the Auto OEM side, how should we think about kind of the -- like a 31% growth in the quarter versus kind of the 7% unchanged thoughts for the year? Is it like just kind of contract cadence items or just any thoughts there? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. The high growth rate in Q1 is really a result of still getting the benefit of the additional models that were brought online last year. So we'll soon anniversary all of that and the growth will moderate going forward as it's really a static situation with the number of models and the production rates coming out of BMW. The other factor is, of course, as you know, carmakers are softening their views as they deal with the impact of tariffs on their customers. And so our outlook reflects their input as well in terms of the number of cars they will make.
Noah Zatzkin: Very helpful. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions. I will now hand today's call back over to Teri Seck for any closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thank you all for joining us today. As typical, Doug and I are available for callbacks and we hope you have a great day. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-19 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and thank you for standing by. My name is Bella. I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Garmin Ltd. fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker's remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press the star, then the number one on your telephone keypad. To withdraw your question, press star one again. I would now like to turn the conference over to Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd. fourth quarter 2024 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/docs. An archive of the webcast and related transcripts will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, segment growth rates, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introductions, foreign currency, tariff impacts, future demand for our products, and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-Ks filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin delivered another quarter of outstanding financial results as our products continue to resonate with customers. Consolidated revenue increased 23% to $1.82 billion, a new fourth quarter record, and we achieved growth and record revenue in each of our five business segments. Gross margin expanded 100 basis points to 59%. Operating income increased 52% year-over-year to 28%, reflecting both improved gross margin and operating leverage. This resulted in pro forma EPS of $2.41, up 40% over the prior year. 2024 was a remarkable year of growth and achievement for Garmin. While we were optimistic at the beginning of 2024, we consistently outperformed even our highest expectations throughout the entire year. We achieved growth in every segment, resulting in record segment revenue and record consolidated revenue. 2024 was also a year of historical significance, marking our 35th year in operation. Since we were founded in 1989, we have delivered more than 300 million navigation and communication devices, including more than 18 million delivered in 2024. Consolidated revenue increased 20% to $6.3 billion. Gross margin expanded over 100 basis points to nearly 59%. Operating income increased 46% to nearly $1.6 billion, and operating margin came in at 25%. We believe our performance is the direct result of our robust product portfolio. Looking ahead, we have many product launches planned for 2025 that will further strengthen our portfolio, with some representing new categories for Garmin. With this in mind, we anticipate 2025 consolidated revenue will increase approximately 8% to $6.8 billion. Also, our strong results and positive outlook give us confidence to propose an annual dividend of $3.60 a share, reflecting a 20% increase over the prior dividend amount, which will be considered by shareholders at the upcoming annual meeting. Doug will discuss our financial results and outlook in greater detail in a few minutes, but first, I'll provide remarks on the performance of each business segment. Starting with fitness, 2024 was an exciting year as demand for running, cycling, and wellness products has been robust, and new customers are embracing the healthy active lifestyles our brand represents. We experienced growth in every product category, led by strong contributions from advanced wearables. For the year, fitness revenue increased 32% to $1.77 billion. Gross margin was 58%, a 480 basis point improvement over the prior year, primarily driven by lower product cost and favorable mix. Operating income more than doubled year-over-year to $483 million, and operating margin expanded approximately 1,000 basis points to 27%, reflecting both improved gross margin and operating leverage. During the quarter, we launched Lilly 2 Active, our smallest GPS-enabled smartwatch featuring an elegant design and up to nine days of battery life in smartwatch mode. Looking ahead, we anticipate another strong year for the fitness segment, with many new product introductions planned throughout the year. With this in mind, we expect fitness revenue to increase approximately 10% for the year. The outdoor segment delivered a strong year of product achievements and revenue growth. 2024 revenue increased 16% to $1.96 billion, driven primarily by adventure watches following the launch of the highly successful Phoenix 8 series. Gross margin was 67%, a 340 basis point improvement over the prior year, primarily driven by lower product cost and favorable mix. Operating income exceeded $700 million, and operating margin expanded 550 basis points to 36%, reflecting both improved gross margin and operating leverage. We are strategically focused on creating growth opportunities by introducing new product categories and penetrating new markets. During the quarter, we launched two products that are rising to the definition of a Halo product because they are changing the game in their respective markets. The first product I want to mention is the Approach R50. It is the only portable golf launch monitor with a built-in simulator. It features a 10-inch color touchscreen display and includes a preloaded database of more than 43,000 golf courses that could be played on the course or virtually using a built-in simulator. We also launched the Descent X50i, our first large-format dive computer. This device includes a vivid 3-inch color display providing rich information that is readable at a glance, and its rugged design is purpose-built with leak-proof buttons, a sapphire lens, a 20 ATM dive rating, and an integrated backup guideline. Looking ahead, we expect that our strong outdoor product lineup will result in revenue growth of approximately 10% for the year. Looking next at aviation, revenue increased 4% to $877 million, driven by growth in both OEM and aftermarket product categories. Gross and operating margins were 75% and 24%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $211 million, a decrease of 7% year-over-year. The decrease in operating income is primarily due to increased R&D spending as we develop new products and certify new aircraft platforms. 2024 was a year of milestone accomplishments for aviation. We were named number one in aviation product support for the 21st consecutive year by Professional Pilot Magazine. We also celebrated the legacy of our founders, Gary Burrell and Dr. Min Kao, upon their induction into the National Aviation Hall of Fame. Aviation safety is once again top of mind after recent tragic accidents that have shocked and saddened everyone. Our strategic focus on aviation safety has resulted in many award-winning innovations designed to save lives, such as envelope protection, SafeGlide, SafeTaxi, and emergency autoland. Our most recent safety innovation, runway occupancy awareness technology, was honored with a prestigious Laureate Award from Aviation Week Network as the first available system to warn pilots if other aircraft are occupying an active runway. During the quarter, Textron Aviation announced the selection of our G3000 Prime integrated flight deck for the Citation CJ4 Gen3 aircraft. The G3000 Prime was also selected by Beta Technologies for the Alia electric conventional takeoff and landing aircraft, which conducted its inaugural flight during the quarter. These announcements are the first of many we anticipate as OEMs embrace this highly advanced next-generation flight deck. Looking forward, we expect growth to accelerate throughout 2025 as new aircraft platforms enter production and as conditions improve in the aftermarket. With this in mind, we expect aviation revenue will increase approximately 5% for the year. Turning next to the marine segment, revenue increased 17% to nearly $1.1 billion, exceeding the $1 billion threshold for the first time. Growth was primarily driven by new revenue from the 2023 acquisition of JL Audio. Excluding JL Audio, marine revenue increased 6%, outperforming the broader market and strengthening our position as the world's largest consumer marine electronics company. Full-year gross margin was 55%, a 180 basis point improvement over the prior year, and was favorably impacted by lower product cost. Operating income increased 32% year-over-year, and operating margin expanded 240 basis points to 22%, reflecting both improved gross margin and operating leverage. 2024 was also a year of milestone accomplishments for Marine as we were named NMEA Manufacturer of the Year for the 10th consecutive year, and we were named Most Innovative Marine Company by Soundings Trade Only for the second consecutive year. During the quarter, we were recognized with the National Boating Safety Award from Sea Tow Foundation for the fourth consecutive year. Also during the quarter, JL Audio received an Innovation Award for the Pavilion line of outdoor home speakers from Home Technology Specialists of America. This award validates the outstanding audio performance the Pavilion line delivers. As I previously mentioned, Garmin has been consistently outperforming the broader marine market, and we expect to do so again in 2025. The marine market remains soft but is stabilized at a level from which we can anticipate recovery and growth. With this in mind, we expect marine revenue will increase approximately 4% for the year. Moving finally to the auto OEM segment, revenue increased 44% to $611 million, primarily driven by growth in domain controllers. Gross margin was 18%, and the operating loss narrowed to $39 million for the year. During the year, all remaining BMW models were equipped with Garmin domain controllers, paving the way to achieve our maximum potential revenue from the BMW program in 2025. We also captured additional program wins and made significant progress preparing for our next major program that is expected to enter production in 2027. I'm proud of the progress that we've made in our quest to build a successful auto OEM segment. As many of you know, the outlook of major automakers is softening, which changes the revenue trajectory we previously shared. Even so, we expect 2025 to be another pivotal year of growth and progress towards the profitability stage for this growing business segment. With this in mind, we expect revenue to increase approximately 7% for 2025. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full-year financial results, provide comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes, and 2025 guidance. We posted revenue of $1.823 billion for the fourth quarter, representing a 23% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 59.3%, an increase of 100 basis points over the prior year quarter, primarily due to lower product cost. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales were 30.9%, a 440 basis point decrease. Operating income was $516 million, a 52% year-over-year increase. Operating margin was 28.3%, a 540 basis point increase from the prior year. GAAP EPS was $2.25, and pro forma EPS was $2.41, a 40% increase from the prior year pro forma EPS. Looking at the full-year results, total revenue was $6.197 billion, a 20% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.7%, a 120 basis point increase from the prior year, primarily due to lower product cost. Operating expenses as a percentage of sales were 33.4%, a 320 basis point decrease. Operating income was $1.594 billion, a 46% increase. Operating margin was 25.3%, a 240 basis point increase from the prior year. GAAP EPS was $7.30, and pro forma EPS was $7.39, a 32% increase from the prior year pro forma EPS. Next, we'll look at fourth-quarter revenue by segment and geography. During the fourth quarter, we achieved record revenue on a consolidated basis for each of our five segments. We achieved double-digit growth in three of five segments, led by the fitness segment with 31% growth, followed by the auto OEM segment with 30% growth, and the outdoor segment with 29% growth. By geography, we achieved double-digit growth across all regions, led by the EMEA region with 34%, the APAC region with 18%, and the Americas region with 17% growth, respectively. For the full year 2024, we achieved 20% consolidated growth, record revenue on a consolidated basis, and record revenue for each of our five segments. By geography, we achieved 31% growth in EMEA, 16% in the Americas, and 12% growth in APAC. Next, operating expenses. Fourth-quarter operating expenses increased by approximately $40 million or 8%. Research and development increased by $22 million, and SG&A increased by $19 million. Both increases were primarily due to personnel-related expenses. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, dividends, and share repurchase. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $3.7 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially and year-over-year to $983 million due to strong sales in the fourth quarter. Inventory balance increased year-over-year to approximately $1.5 billion. For the fourth quarter of 2024, we generated free cash flow of $399 million, an $18 million decrease from the prior year quarter. For the full year 2024, we generated free cash flow of approximately $1.2 billion, a $56 million increase from the prior year, due to improved earnings, partially offset by increased working capital needs. Our full-year 2024 capital expenditures were $194 million, consistent with the prior year. For 2025, we expect free cash flow to be approximately $1.1 billion, with approximately $350 million of capital expenditures. For 2025, we expect to continue to make investments in platforms for growth, including facilities and IT-related projects. In 2024, we paid dividends of approximately $572 million. Also, we announced our plan to seek shareholder approval for a $0.60 increase in our annual dividend, beginning with the June 2025 payment, resulting in a cash dividend of $3.60, or $0.90 per quarter, a 20% increase from our current quarterly dividend of $0.75 per share. During 2024, we used $62 million of cash to repurchase company shares. At year-end, we had approximately $238 million remaining in the share repurchase program authorized through December 2026. Our full-year 2024 pro forma effective tax rate was 16.7% compared to 8.5% in the prior year. The increase in the effective tax rate is primarily due to an increase in the combined Switzerland tax rate in response to global minimum tax requirements. The 2025 pro forma effective tax rate is expected to be 16.5%, which is comparable to the 2024 tax rate. Turning next to our full-year 2025 guidance, we estimate revenue of approximately $6.8 billion, an increase of approximately 8% from 2024. We expect gross margins to be approximately 58.7%, consistent with our 2024 gross margin. We expect an operating margin of approximately 25%, comparable to the 2024 results. The full-year pro forma effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 16.5%, comparable to the 2024 tax rate. This results in expected pro forma earnings per share of $7.80, a 6% increase over the 2024 pro forma earnings per share. This concludes our formal remarks. Can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: At this time, I would like to remind everyone in order to ask a question, press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. We do request for today's session that you please limit to one question and one follow-up. We will pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your first question comes from the line of Joseph Cardoso with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Joseph Cardoso: Thank you, and good morning. Thanks for the question. And congrats on the results here. I guess maybe the first question is just related to fitness. Obviously, you exited 2024 strongly. And I was just wondering if you could help dimensionalize the key drivers for the segment between, you know, the refresh of the install base, share gains that you're seeing with new customers, as well as even potentially pricing there, and then maybe more importantly, as we look towards the 2025 growth forecast for the segment, maybe from a high level, how are you guys thinking about the contribution across those variables that you're embedding into the guide? And then I have a quick follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Hey. Good morning, Joe. I think in terms of our fitness performance, it was very broad-based across many product lines. I think if you look at all of our product categories, each one probably has its own dynamic when it comes to the customer base and when we introduce new products, what mix of those are new versus existing. But in general, especially in the wearables area, we're seeing many more new customers coming to Garmin, and we're benefiting from market share gains, which is driving our results. Looking forward to 2025, we really see more of the same. Of course, we recognize that these are outstanding results. So we're trying to be realistic about our growth, but 10% is a fabulous outlook. And we're excited to see what the year will bring.
Joseph Cardoso: No. Appreciate the color there, Cliff. And then maybe as just my follow-up here, it's more on the operating margin guidance. Kinda suggest a slightly lower operating leverage or flow-through than we typically see from Garmin. Maybe, Doug, can you just walk us through the puts and takes here and kind of what we should be considering or factoring or factors that are influencing to maybe the softer leverage for 2025 than what we've historically seen from the company. Then thanks for the questions.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. It relates to the operating margin, you know, gross margin we're expecting that to be relatively consistent, you know, year over year, which we also expect, you know, as it relates to our operating expenses, as a percentage of sales, we're expecting to be up about 30 basis points. That 30 basis points is coming from R&D. For SG&A, we expect as a percent of sales to be relatively flat. The investment in R&D is basically investments for growth. Those investments are really for innovation and all the different product launches that we do have coming up for the next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Please go ahead.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to piggyback that last question, Doug. With respect to gross margin, you know, the implied guide or the explicit guide on the revenue growth across categories really suggests to a favorable mix in your higher margin categories, you know, grow as a percentage of revenue into 2025. So curious how you think about flat gross margins when you know, outdoor fitness, aviation growing its percentage of mix into the out year. And then I had a follow-up.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. As it relates to gross margin on a consolidated basis, yeah, we do expect that to be relatively consistent. And, you know, there's a lot of different variables that go into the gross margin. You know, we have a product mix, as you mentioned, you know, component costs, you know, overhead per unit, etcetera. And so, you know, there's a lot of mix in there from that standpoint. But, you know, we're thinking about, you know, as it relates to gross margin by segment, there's not a real major differences we're expecting. You know, gross margin by segments out there. There may be some inputs and takes, you know, as we move as we move through the year, but it's a relatively consistent, you know, for our gross margins by segment.
Ben Bollin: Okay. Cliff, you know, the performance in EMEA has been really remarkable. Last couple of years. I'm curious, you know, what you attribute to the success there. Could you talk about the dynamics of, you know, maybe more industrialized versus emerging markets and any go-to-market efforts that have changed really driving that outperformance?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. In EMEA, I would say that the strength there is primarily driven by the relative stronger benefit we get from wearables and consumer market in EMEA. In some of the countries, the major countries, we're the strong number two player in wearables. Of course, America's dynamic is slightly different, so we're the number three here, but in Europe, we've been much stronger as a marketplace over there with our product line.
Ben Bollin: Okay. My last one is looking at auto OEM, with respect to 2025, you mentioned, you know, capturing, you know, BMW opportunity and kinda get into your normalized run rate. Could you share any thoughts on, you know, the way we should think about the margin of this business, supposed gross and EBIT margin, and how it scales over time and how potential, you know, new wins or future platform opportunity in 2027 and beyond will influence those figures further. That's it for me. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think we've talked about the margin profile of this business in the past. And consistent with what we said, we believe this business is a mid-teens kind of gross margin and kind of mid-single digits operating margin. And that's clearly what we're still driving for. We have been successful in securing new business for the future, including the one that I mentioned that is coming in 2027, representing our largest win to date. And other smaller wins across the globe that help fill in both terms of volume as well as margin profile that helps support that outlook that I mentioned.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Erik Woodring: Great. Thanks so much for taking my question, guys. Maybe just to start, I wanted to double-click again on the auto OEM business. And maybe what I'm really trying to get at was, you know, prior expectations for 2025 revenue were $800 million. Obviously, market conditions have softened since you originally gave that guide. But you have obviously this new large win ramping in 2027. So I'm just can you maybe just help us better understand, one, the primary factors causing the 2025 outlook outside of market conditions, have anything changed kind of at the micro level? And then two, you know, any advice on how we should be thinking about maybe the shape of the growth curve as we bridge 2025 with that 2027 win, correct? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks so much.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. Yeah. So definitely 2025 was below our expectations that we had shared a couple of years ago, shaving about $140 million off of the outlook that we had back then, and this is 100% due to the softening outlook of automakers, particularly the higher-end automakers that are operating in the China market, which has been struggling probably more than other areas. Although, globally, it's generally weak. So there's really no other factor other than that. There's no other smaller factors at play really. We definitely, you know, were anticipating a much stronger outlook from them, but conditions changed. So as we look forward to 2027, we do expect, you know, as we are anticipating growth here in 2025, the 2026 could dip a little. And then as we ramp into 2027, grow again.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Very helpful. Thank you so much, Cliff. And then maybe just my follow-up is, Ken, getting to what you alluded to at the top of the call, if we go back a year ago, you guided to 2024 revenue of $5.7 billion and EPS of $5.40. You and I'm just wondering if you're approaching 2025 in some kind of the same degree of relative service in 2024. I did approach that I've been changed about just based on what you learned about your performance in 2025 new users coming into the or etcetera, any color that trying to approach the credit dispute versus a year ago. Thanks so much.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think we had some trouble receiving your audio there, but I think what you were asking is if you looked back to 2024, our initial guide was more conservative than obviously where we ended up. And perhaps wondering if our 2025 outlook has a degree of conservatism built in. Absolutely, 2024 exceeded all of our expectations, internal and external. And we did also feel that there was a lot of potential in 2024, so we worked very hard to achieve everything that we could. As we look to 2025, we, of course, always start our year and try to be pragmatic in our outlook. There's a lot of the year that's ahead of us. A lot of the revenue that comes in the back half of the year with seasonality, especially in the consumer markets. So we're trying to be pragmatic and deliver something that we have high confidence in. And we'll continue to work throughout the year to achieve and overachieve what we've said.
Erik Woodring: Thank you so much, Cliff. I appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Wang with Barclays. Please go ahead.
George Wang: Oh, hey. Hey. Hey. It's Tim. Thanks for taking my question. Just two quick questions. Firstly, I just want to double-click on the auto OEM. Just curious, like, you know, in terms of the profitability kind of, you know, obviously, you laid out target for MSD, OM medium term. Just curious whether you expect to turn profitable kind of in the next, you know, couple quarters? Just kind of near term, like, any thoughts on so they breakeven level kind of, you know, going to kind of low single digit. Just curious if you can impact some of the near-term dynamics in terms of the bottom line for the auto OEM. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Well, auto OEM profitability is obviously our goal. This is a very dynamic business. And as we've pointed out, you know, we're affected by the ups and downs of our customers too. So we're managing through that. I think we're doing very well. I would like to point out that we report all of our segment results on a GAAP basis. So we don't allocate cost to overarching corporate segments that help dress up segments. So what you're seeing with our auto OEM segment is pure GAAP results. And our profitability metrics may not match point per point for everyone else in the industry. But that said, our segment, auto OEM segment, still provides very meaningful contributions in margin that cover a portion of our corporate costs that wouldn't go away if we didn't have this portfolio. And we also achieved significant leverage in our manufacturing as well as our supply chain by combining the volumes that we have across our business. Eighteen million units a year is very substantial and very attractive for our suppliers. So we're able to achieve cost savings, the benefit of which you are seeing in all of the other segment results.
George Wang: Oh, okay. Just a quick one. Just, you know, as we step back, kind of zoom out in terms of the high level on the consumer. You know, is there anything kind of you would like to call out kind of with maybe, you know, different versus kind of last quarter, kind of three months ago in terms of the consumer backdrop. And especially if you can address some of the selling that sell-through, especially as it relates to some of the flagship products in terms of restocking cycle, you know, in the space of outdoor, just curious over the next couple quarters, whether you should see sustained momentum just on the flagship product, if you will, and just any sort of sales through kind of you want to call out versus last quarter. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think we've probably made most of our remarks. I would say in terms of the consumer and as we looked at the results of Q4, as well as our registration behavior that we can see in near real-time, the sell-in and the sell-through was very well matched. And we believe that the retail channel is not overstocked. It's at a healthy level, and we continue to see strong registrations in our products. From our perspective and the kinds of products that we offer and the customer bases for those products, I would say that those customers seem to be fine. We don't want to say that there's no consumer pressure because we know that there is. But in general, the embracement of our products has been very strong, and we feel good about where we are at.
George Wang: Okay. Great. Thank you. I'll go back to the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
David MacGregor: Yeah. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for taking my questions. Congratulations on a strong quarter, Cliff. Great performance.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
David MacGregor: I guess I want to start by just asking about lower product cost because you called that out in each segment. And I'm just trying to get a sense, obviously, there's some operating leverage benefit here from the strength in the unit volumes. But is there something else going on here from the standpoint of, you know, variable costs or anything from a structural standpoint that would be helpful for the modeling?
Cliff Pemble: Well, increased production definitely allows us to leverage our investments and higher volumes, of course, more efficiencies on the production line. And as I just mentioned to George, the added volumes that we have with our combined business over 18 million units last year allows us to have more efficiency in our overall supply chain and component purchasing. So we're seeing benefit from that and expect to continue to see that.
David MacGregor: Okay. So it's scale benefits. There isn't anything kind of from a structural standpoint that's changing?
Cliff Pemble: No. No. Yeah. We are very clear. It's definitely the scale.
David MacGregor: Right. Got it. And then secondly, I wonder if I guess, if you could talk about tariffs, I guess. Somebody has to ask the obligatory question. You got Taiwanese manufacturing. You got the BMW, which I guess gives you some indirect exposure to the extent it, you know, there's tariffs on the foreign automotive production. You just talk about your exposure there.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think there's exposure everywhere as it seems, and it can change, of course, rapidly. So I think everyone is still waiting to see what really transpires. I believe that we are probably optimally positioned in terms of most of our supply chain is out of the way of where most of the attention is being focused right now. So we could have some impacts. We don't really know how to quantify that, but we believe that we're in a good position to minimize the impact.
David MacGregor: Do you have anything in the guidance for that now?
Cliff Pemble: No. There's really nothing that you could plan for right now. Again, there's a lot of changes almost on a daily basis. So we'll just have to wait and see. But at this moment, we don't anticipate that there's going to be major impacts.
David MacGregor: Okay. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth with Seagrave Financial Partners LLC. Please go ahead.
Ivan Feinseth: Hi. Thanks for taking my question, and congratulations on another great quarter and a great 2024.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Ivan Feinseth: My first questions are on the two really great new products you launched, the Approach golf simulator and the Descent diving computer. These are more higher-priced products. Are these targeted more at the professional markets? Are you seeing, let's say, interest or purchase for the dive computer from, you know, dive professionals, which would be like a new channel for you, maybe the ones that work at oil rigs or in shipyards? And the same thing for the Approach golf simulator. Are you seeing a lot of interest, let's say, from golf pros who use it for teaching or from golf schools?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I would say, Ivan, on both of those products, really, the customer base is a broad range. Specific to dive, of course, these are very serious dive electronics. And so consequently, you know, it definitely appeals to a person that is more serious about the sport, but we see interest in that product across a range of enthusiasts from on down to others and including, you know, professional divers, work divers, that kind of thing. So it's a broad range, and the same is really true for the R50. There's a lot of people that like to have those in their garage or in their rec room, especially when winter weather is so bad, they can play courses wherever they want to, and this product is unique because it can be taken out to the actual golf course and used, you know, on the course as well. So it's really a broad range. We don't really see a specific customer base that is gravitating to that product. And we love that because appealing to a broad range is always better.
Ivan Feinseth: Yeah. So my friends who know say that the Approach or the price has a lot of features that are in similar items that are two, three, four times the price. So I yeah, you're giving us the pricing. And then my second question is on your connected cabin display, which was really, I thought, incredible at CES. What kind of feedback did you get or are you getting on that?
Cliff Pemble: I think we got really good feedback on the unified cabin. It is, of course, a futuristic investment on our part so that we can demonstrate to automakers our capability both in terms of innovative product design as well as shaping the future of the automotive industry. So we see a lot of follow-up interest in that, and it may not necessarily result in a car that you see with something called the unified cabin, but the technologies we're demonstrating and the underlying core electronics and systems that we're designing for it will definitely become part of future cars.
Ivan Feinseth: Oh, I thought it was pretty cool. I would like a car with all that. Well, wishing you a big 2025.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think we all love to see that demonstrated, and we all wish we had a car like that.
Ivan Feinseth: Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Zatzkin with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Noah Zatzkin: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just a couple for me on the marine industry. Obviously, you know, 2024 was tougher from an industry perspective. I think new boat retail in the US was down close to 10%. New boat shipments were down over 20%. Obviously, you guys grew 6% organically, which implies pretty substantial share gain there. So I guess first, if you could just remind us how to think about the mix of the business from an OEM versus aftermarket perspective, and then if we were to see some stabilization in the industry in 2025, I think your guidance is for 4% growth. So just any reason to think that might be a bit conservative if the industry were to stabilize. Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. And I think we definitely continue to see share gains across our product line. For us, the mix of products is more than half is retail aftermarket. Although, you know, a growing sizable amount is OEM as well. In terms of the overall market condition right now, I would say that again, you know, we don't see big downswings. We also don't see big upswings. I don't think the market is going to snap back, you know, to double-digit growth without some other catalysts. But it's still a very solid market, and, you know, many have been calling for growth for quite a while, and they've mostly been wrong because the market has just taken some time to correct itself after COVID. But in general, we see stabilization. We believe that from here, it's kind of something we can build on, and if the market performs better, we would expect, of course, that we would also outperform.
Noah Zatzkin: Thank you.
Operator: That concludes our Q&A session. I will now turn the conference back over to Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations, for closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thank you all for joining us today. Doug and I are available for callbacks. We'll be talking to a few of you soon. Have a wonderful day. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's call. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-30 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Garmin Limited Third Quarter 2024 Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'd now like to turn the call over to Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's third quarter 2024 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenue segment growth rates, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Terry, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin delivered another quarter of impressive financial results as our products resonate with customers, and we leverage growth opportunities across market segments and geographies. Consolidated revenue increased 24% to $1.59 billion a new third quarter record, and we achieved record revenue in all five business segments. Gross margin expanded 300 basis points to 60%. Operating income increased 62% year-over-year, and operating margin expanded 640 basis points to 27.6%, reflecting both the higher gross margin as well as favorable operational leverage across the business. We reported pro forma EPS of $1.99, up 41% year-over-year. Some are wondering how we have consistently delivered strong results when the financial health of the consumer is the subject of intent debate. The straightforward answer is that there is no single profile of the Garmin customer. And therefore, our results are not strictly correlated to broad generalizations of consumer behavior. Our business is highly diversified in many dimensions from market segments to product categories within segments, each targeting different consumers. Additionally, our business is global in nature, allowing us to leverage growth opportunities wherever they exist. And finally, our products offer essential utility and unique differentiators that separate them from ordinary discretionary items. Another factor in our strong performance is that our products are clearly resonating with customers. For example, our market share in marine increased as measured by organic garment sales versus our competitors. Additionally, our market share in advanced wearables increased. According to the most recent IDC data covering shipments through June of 2024, Garmin's global market share in advanced wearables increased over 200 basis points year-over-year, and we were the only global brand experiencing growth in shipments. According to IDC, we are now the number two advanced wearable brand in Europe and globally, we are number three. These are remarkable outcomes considering the highly competitive and fragmented nature of this market. We believe this is a direct reflection of the strength of our products and brilliant execution by our global team. Given our strong performance for the first three quarters of the year, we are updating our full year 2024 guidance. We anticipate revenue of approximately $6.12 billion and pro forma EPS of $6.85. Doug will discuss our financial results and outlook in greater detail in a few minutes, but first, I'll provide a few remarks on the performance of each business segment. Starting with Fitness. Revenue increased 31% to $464 million, with all categories contributing to growth and notably as our running and advanced wellness products resonate with customers. Gross margin was 61%, a 710 basis point improvement over the prior year, driven by lower product cost [audio gap] mix. Operating income nearly doubled year-over-year, and operating margin expanded by more than 1,000 basis points to 32%, reflecting both higher gross margin and favorable operating leverage in the segment. During the quarter, we celebrated the tenth anniversary of Garmin Health, which leverages our extensive wearable portfolio and high-quality sensor data to support corporate wellness, population health and patient monitoring initiatives. We also hosted the annual Garmin Health Summit to recognize innovative digital health solutions that utilize Garmin products. Given the strong performance of the Fitness segment [Audio Gap] moving to outdoor. Revenue increased 21% to $527 million, driven primarily by venture watches following the highly successful launch of the new fenix 8 series. Gross margin was 68%, a 570 basis point improvement over the prior year quarter and was favorably impacted by lower product costs, and a higher mix of revenue from adventure watches. Operating income increased 53% year-over-year, and operating margin expanded 820 basis points to 40%, reflecting both higher gross margin and favorable operating leverage in the segment. During the quarter, we launched the highly anticipated fenix 7 series as well as the Enduro 3. The fenix 8 series features a brilliant AMOLED display, cutting-edge features, a built-in speaker microphone and an LED flashlight across all models. The Enduro 3 weighs only 63 grams that offers rich features for endurance athletes, along with class-leading battery life up to 320 hours in GPS tracking mode, and up to three months in smartwatch mode using built-in solar charging technology. We also launched the inReach Messenger Plus, our first satellite communicator to offer photo and voice messaging, expanding our customers' ability to stay in touch while roaming in areas of limited or non-existent cellular coverage. Given the strong performance of the Outdoor segment in the third quarter, and the positive response following the recent fenix 7 Series launch, we are raising our 2024 revenue growth estimate to 13%. Looking next at Aviation, revenue increased 3% to $205 million, driven primarily by aftermarket product categories. Gross and operating margins were 75% and 22%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $44 million, a decrease of 10% year-over-year driven by increased R&D spending to develop new product and certify new aircraft platforms. We recently announced our new G3000 Prime, which redefines the integrated flight deck experience with edge to edge all touch screens and a highly flexible open architecture that seamlessly adapts to serve a broad and dynamic market. Textron Aviation recently announced that the G3000 Prime will be included in the upcoming CJ4 Gen 3 business jet. During the quarter, we announced an important new safety feature called Runway Occupancy Awareness, which uses ADS-B information to help reduce the risk of runway incursions, and provide added confidence for pilots navigating busy and complex airports. Garmin is the first to bring Runway Occupancy Awareness to market. Also, during the quarter, our co-founders, Dr. Min Kao and the late Gary Burrell were enshrined into the National Aviation Hall of Fame. This tremendous honor celebrates their pioneering work, developing products that revolutionized the aviation industry. The aviation segment has performed as expected so far this year, and we are maintaining our estimate of flat revenue for the full year 2024. Turning to marine, revenue increased 22% to $222 million, primarily driven by new revenue from JL Audio. Excluding JL Audio, revenue increased approximately 7%, which is ahead of the industry trends pointing to share gains in the market. Gross margin was 55%, a 290 basis point improvement over the prior year quarter and was favorably impacted by lower product cost. Operating income increased 59% year-over-year and operating margin expanded 390 basis points to 17%, reflecting both higher gross margin and favorable operating leverage in the segment. During the quarter, we received several awards, including being named the 2024 Manufacturer of the Year by the National Marine Electronics Association for the tenth consecutive year, along with six Product of Excellence awards or a total of 63 over the last decade. We were also recognized as the number one most innovative marine company for the second consecutive year by sounding straight only, a leading publication for the recreational boating industry. Sounding trade only considered both the strength of our products as well as our culture and business practices, which makes this recognition especially meaningful to us. Last week, we announced the acquisition of Lumishore, a leader in marine LED lighting solutions, which broadens our product portfolio and enhances our ability to seamlessly integrate technologies on the boat. The Marine segment has performed as expected so far this year, and we are maintaining our growth estimate of 15% for the full year 2024. Moving finally to the auto OEM segment. Revenue increased $53 million to $169 million, primarily driven by growth in domain controllers. Gross margin was 20% and the operating loss narrowed to $1 million as efficiencies improved with higher sales volumes. During the quarter, we successfully launched the Garmin Design domain controllers across all remaining BMW car lines. Our auto OEM segment has performed as expected so far this year. However, it has been widely reported that the outlook of major automakers is softening. With this in mind, we are lowering our full year 2024 revenue growth estimate to 40%. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our third quarter financial results, provide comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes and updated guidance. Post a revenue of $1.586 billion for the third quarter, representing a 24% increase year-over-year. Gross margin increased to 60%, 300 basis point increase due to lower product costs and favorable product mix in certain segments. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 32.4%, a 350 basis point decrease. Operating income was $437 million, a 62% increase. Operating margin was 27.6%, a 640 basis point increase to achieve leverage on our strong sales and improved gross margins. Our GAAP EPS was $2.07, and pro forma EPS was $1.99. Next, look at our third quarter revenue by segment and geography. During the third quarter, we achieved record revenue on a consolidated basis for each of our five segments. We achieved double-digit growth in four of our five segments, led by the auto OEM segment with 53% growth. The Fitness, Marine and Outdoor segments have 31%, 22% and 21% growth, respectively. By geography, we achieved double growth across all four regions, led by the EMEA region with 40% growth, followed by the APAC region with 18% growth, and the Americas region with 15% growth. Looking next, operating expenses. Third quarter operating expense increased by $56 million or 12%. Research and development and SG&A each increased approximately $28 million. Year-over-year increases were primarily due to personnel-related expenses. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. Ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $3.5 billion. Accounts receivable increased both year-over-year sequentially to $922 million, following strong sales in the third quarter. Inventory balance increased year-over-year sequentially to approximately $1.5 billion. In the third quarter of 2024, we generated free cash flow of $219 million, $19 million decrease from the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures for third quarter 2024 were $39 million, approximately $7 million lower than the prior year quarter. We expect full year 2024 free cash flow to be approximately $1.1 billion capital expenditures approximately $250 million. During the third quarter of 2024, we paid dividends of approximately $144 million and purchased $20 million of company stock. At quarter end, we had approximately $270 million remaining in the share repurchase program, which is authorized through December 2026. Quarter effective tax rate of 17.9% compared to pro forma effective tax rate of 7.2% in the prior year quarter. Increase in effective tax rate is primarily due to the increase the combined Switzerland tax rate in response to global minimum tax requirements. Turning next to our full year guidance. Estimated revenue approximately $6.12 billion compared to our previous guidance of $5.95 billion. We expect gross margin to be approximately 58.5%, higher than our previous guidance, 57% due to year-to-date performance. We expect an operating margin of approximately 24% compared to our previous guidance of 21.3%. Also, we expect a pro forma effective tax rate of 16.5% higher than our previous guidance of 16% to projected full year income mix by tax jurisdiction. This result expects a pro forma earnings per share of approximately $6.85, an increase of $0.85 the previous guidance of $6. This concludes our formal remarks. Rob, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben Bollin: Cliff, I was hoping you could share a little thought on what you see as the underlying drivers within wearables. Could you speak to how you think about the growth of the installed base versus refresh? And what you've seen with some of these recent launch in the [indiscernible] [Audio Gap]?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So, Ben, as we remarked in our prepared statements, the drivers in wearables is that we're a very unique player in the market. We offer a lot of different products across many different use cases. And so, we're able to find ways to be successful across the whole market is our products really resonate with lifestyles and activities that our customers want to do. In terms of installed base, our current registration trends still point to the majority of our new -- of our users being new -- users being new to Garmin, which is a great thing. So, we're seeing that grow, which is good. And then in terms of the recent launches, as I mentioned, the fenix 8 series was very well received by the market, and we're continuing to fill demand for that product as it rolls out across all of our retail channels.
Ben Bollin: And there were also a number of mentions on the stronger gross margins related to lower product costs. Could you provide some color on what it is that you're seeing or what you're doing to see those benefits?
Cliff Pemble: I think there's quite a few moving pieces in the product costs. One is pure materials costs, which we're definitely seeing some benefit there of the scale of our business across all of our segments. But also, we're getting some help from the Taiwan dollar and efficiencies in our factory operations as our scale has increased significantly.
Ben Bollin: The last one for me. Interested in any thoughts you have going into the holidays about how you view retailer commitments to inventory levels into the holidays. Any thoughts on what it is that they're seeing versus prior years?
Cliff Pemble: Retailers are telling us that they're eager to take in our products. They're planning for promotions, the retail channel appears to be very clean, especially as we transition some of our product lines like the fenix 8. So, I believe we're in a good position and that's what we're hearing from our retail partners.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erik Woodring: Two, if I may. Just to start, Cliff, really impressive on Fitness and Outdoor, especially on the gross and operating margin side, you're posting margins that we haven't necessarily seen before for these segments. So just curious, from your perspective, if we put aside the cost downs that you alluded to, how much of this is your pricing strategy really flowing through to margins? And really, the question I'm getting at, is how sustainable are these margin levels as we think about moving from some of these moving on from some of these new product launches, can you sustain these margins? Are these abnormally high? Could you just maybe help us unpack that? And then I just have a quick follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think it's probably difficult to put aside cost down because that's obviously an important way that companies continue to reinforce their margin structure. So, we're working very hard on that. And each new design, we try to make gains in terms of the efficiency of the designs as well as the component costs. But in terms of sustainability, I think that's one of those questions that everyone is going to have an opinion on. What we focus on is creating products with unique differentiators that allow us to have premium pricing and offer things that our competitors don't. So that's going to continue to be our recipe going forward.
Erik Woodring: Okay. I appreciate that. And then just as a follow-up. Obviously, you alluded to the auto OEM market backdrop weakness. You had previously set that $800 million target for auto OEM in 2025. And just given your comments on OEM softness, does that target change at all? Does it change either the magnitude or the timing of that $800 million kind of goal? And then second to that, does it have any impact on any of the new OEM contracts that [Audio Gap]?
Cliff Pemble: To next year, we really aren't ready to comment on that, although obviously, the trends in the car industry are softer than they used to be. So, we'll look at that and provide an update when we introduce our 2025 outlook. In terms of impact on our new programs, I would say, at this point, too early to say. I think some of those are rolling out beyond 2025. And so, I would expect as the economy evolves, as people believe that it will with lower interest rates that it could get better, and the outlook would improve.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth from Tigress Financial Partners. Your line is open.
Ivan Feinseth: Congratulations on another great quarter. It's phenomenal. With the recent availability of some paid apps on the Connect IQ platform, what kind of uptake are you seeing? And also, with the recent introduction of the expanded inReach the connected subscriptions and some of the downloads of let's say, Messenger, and some of the new features in Messenger as you kind of grow out this app ecosystem. What kind of uptake are you seeing? And at what point do you think you would start to give some indication as the revenue that's coming from some of these subscriptions?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Ivan, in terms of the paid apps and some of the things that you've seen recently on our store, we view these as incremental as they bring value to customers. And so, those are enhancers to our overall revenue and margin structure as we roll more of that out. Expanded inReach, we've been excited about that being able to have the higher bandwidth messaging and picture and voice sharing, which is great for people that go out in areas where cellular coverage is just really poor. So, we expect that to be completely incremental in terms of the use case for the product, although it's early days and probably not a lot of share in terms of what the early results are so far. In terms of the Messenger specifically, it's a great product, like I said, very new, and so we're just now starting to see it roll out and being used by customers.
Ivan Feinseth: And then what kind of reception are you seeing to the new introduction of your new dash cams. And if you see a lot of what's going on out there, there seems to be an increasing demand or people are finding that these are becoming a necessary item. What kind of growth potential do you see going forward on those?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. The dash cam market is very mature, but the market did receive our new product releases very well. We've focused on providing dash cam functionality that's superior to others, including a heavy focus on quality optics and a broad range of use cases from daytime to nighttime. So, I think the market appreciates that, and we've had a favorable response.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Lyonnais from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jordan Lyonnais: On the Aero side, are you guys seeing any impact from the strike and re-ramping up now that the strike is over for Textron?
Cliff Pemble: I think the strike probably had some small near-term effects as Textron was unable to deliver their plan in terms of aircraft, but I think they're working hard now to go back to normal. And so, we don't anticipate any long-term effects on that.
Jordan Lyonnais: Got it. Okay. And then on the guidance raise from this quarter versus last quarter, because it was so strong, what is giving more confidence in the visibility that you guys have into 4Q now versus this past quarter?
Cliff Pemble: I think as we move along through the year, of course, we get more confidence in the last quarter. A lot of the plans with retailers don't materialize until sometime in Q2 or Q3. And so, with a more complete picture now, of course, we can be more confident in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Noah Zatzkin from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Noah Zatzkin: Maybe just a couple on the Marine strength. I guess first on Lumishore, have you quantified how large that business is in general?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think the Lumishore and marine lighting in general, is an incremental business to our Marine segment. But an important one because it's another component on the boat that people want to have that we can provide and also integrate with our chartplotter systems around the boat.
Noah Zatzkin: In terms of just the strong kind of market share gains implied by your growth. When you look at the industry, obviously, it's been challenging. Like kind of a marine industry in general, looking into like the kind of medium term? And then what kind of underpins confidence in continued market share gains there?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think in terms of the outlook, I think, again, this is somewhere where everyone will have an opinion. But it would seem to us that probably the market is fairly stable where it's at, probably don't see a lot of additional moves to the upside or downside. And as the economy and especially the interest rate environment improves, and I think people will obviously feel better about purchasing boats. In terms of our ability to take market share, I think we've been thrilled with our ability to do that across the whole range and especially as we enter new categories like our trolling motors, but in terms of sustained ability to do that, again, it gets more and more difficult as the market share grows. And so, we're concentrating on just creating great products and making sure that we can serve the customers that are out there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Wang from Barclays. Your line is open.
George Wang: Just two quick ones. So firstly, can you kind of double-click on the inventory kind of channel restocking. When I look at the balance sheet, inventory increased a lot sequentially to $1.5 billion. And can you just talk about kind of sell-through versus sell-in dynamic, especially as we head into the December quarter kind of holiday season. Just kind of how much is sort of different versus kind of the true end market demand?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think to start on the first question, George, our inventory is not related to channel inventory in any way. We're managing our own inventory to prepare for a higher selling season that's coming up in Q4. And I think we've mentioned over a few calls now that our inventory levels, while they've been down have probably been uncomfortably low. And so, we've been working to improve those so that we can serve all the product needs. And I think you saw in our results here in Q3 that having more inventory definitely was a good thing because we were able to serve all of the orders that came our way. In terms of sell-in versus sell-out, I would say that we have a very good ability to track customer activity and as they're buying our products and registering them. And so, we're very pleased with the sell-out so far, especially with the new products like the fenix 8 and also the existing products that have been in the market a while such as the Forerunner 265 and 965 as well as the Vivoactive and Venu series, all of them have very strong registration rates.
George Wang: Okay. Great. Just a quick follow-up. I guess, in terms of margin profile for the auto OEM, given softer top line outlook for the auto OEM kind of some of your customers lowering guidance. Does it affect your medium-term outlook for the margin profile? Obviously, you are getting close to profitability on the income side for the auto OEM later this year. So just curious, any change in thinking in terms of the medium outlook for the gross margin and operating margin for the auto OEM segment?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think for the most part, we would say the gross margin probably is not impacted, although product mix, depending on customer activity, it could be a factor there. But in general, we've said that it would be in the high teens to 20% kind of range for gross margin. With lower sales, of course, comes the concern that you don't have the ability to cover all the expenses in the segment on a fully loaded basis because of the lower sales volume. But that's unfortunate, but something we can't really do anything about because the automakers are the ultimate customer for this product. And if their outlook is weakened, then of course, we have to respond to that.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to Teri Seck for some final closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thank you all for joining the call. Doug and I are available for callbacks and we hope you have a great rest of your day. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-31 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Christina, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Garmin Limited Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the floor over to Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations. Teri, you may begin.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's second quarter 2024 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, segment growth rates, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products, and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin delivered another quarter of outstanding results with double-digit growth in consolidated revenues and operating income. Consolidated revenue increased 14% to $1.51 billion, a new second quarter record, with three business segments reporting strong double-digit growth. Gross margin was 57.3%, operating margin expanded to 22.7%, resulting in operating income of $342 million, up 20% year-over-year. We reported pro forma EPS of $1.58, up 9% over the prior year, which is a remarkable result considering the significantly higher effective tax rate. During the quarter, our global employment surpassed 20,000 associates, and we were recognized as a top employer by Forbes as well as U.S. News and World Report. We are proud of our associates who dedicate themselves to delivering growth through innovative and highly differentiated products. Given our strong performance in the first half of the year, we are updating our full year guidance. We now anticipate revenue of approximately $5.95 billion and pro forma EPS of $6. Doug will discuss our financial results and outlook in greater detail in a few minutes. But first, I'll provide a few remarks on the performance of each business segments. Starting with fitness. Revenue increased 28% to $428 million, primarily driven by wearables. Gross and operating margins improved to 57% and 25%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $108 million. During the quarter, we launched the Edge 1050 premium cycling computer with a vivid color touchscreen display, a built-in speaker for audible feedback, and Garmin Pay mobile payments. Also during the quarter, we celebrated Global Running Day, with Garmin users running nearly 11 million miles, beating last year by more than 2 million miles. Given the strong performance of the fitness segment, we are raising our revenue growth estimate to 20% for the year. Moving to outdoor. Revenue decreased 2% to $440 million, primarily driven by lower revenue from adventure watches following the anniversary of the fēnix and epix Pro Series launch. Gross and operating margins were 65% and 31%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $136 million. During the quarter, we launched the Approach Z30 smart laser rangefinder, with the range relay feature, which sends distance measurements to a compatible Garmin smart watch or the Garmin Golf smartphone app. We also launched our first cellular-based dog tracking collar, the Alpha LTE. This small rugged device attaches to existing dog collars and pairs with the Alpha app so users can view their dog's movement from a smartphone or an Alpha handheld device. The outdoor segment has performed as we anticipated so far this year, and we expect growth to accelerate in the back half of the year with new product launches. As such, we are maintaining our 7% revenue growth estimate for 2024. Looking next at Aviation, revenue was relatively flat in the second quarter at $218 million. We continue to see growth in OEM product categories, while the aftermarket declined in an ongoing normalization following the somewhat uneven results of the prior year. Gross and operating margins were 74% and 23%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $50 million. For the ninth consecutive year, we were recognized by Embraer as the best supplier, most recently in the Electrical & Electrical Systems category for our G3000 Prodigy Touch flight deck in the Phenom 100 EV and Phenom 300E. The Aviation segment has performed as expected so far this year, and we are maintaining our estimate of flat revenue in 2024. Turning to the marine segment. Revenue increased 26% to $273 million, primarily driven by the acquisition of JL Audio. Excluding JL Audio, revenue increased approximately 7%, outperforming widely reported market trends. Gross and operating margins improved to 54% and 22%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $60 million. We recently expanded the Force Kraken trolling motor series, adding a 48-inch shaft length to accommodate a broader range of both sizes. We also expanded our ice fishing offerings with the Panoptix PS-22 Ice Fishing Bundle, an ultra portable live sonar solution for winter fishing, which won a best of category award at this year's ICAST, the world's largest sportfishing trade show. This is our fourth consecutive win in the ice fishing category and seventh consecutive award at ICAST. Additionally in the quarter, we were once again selected as an exclusive supplier to Independent Boatbuilders Incorporated through 2029 for both traditional marine electronics as well as audio equipment. Given the strong performance of the marine segment, we are raising our revenue growth estimate to 15% for the year. And moving finally to the auto OEM segment, revenue increased 41% to $147 million, primarily driven by growth in domain controllers. Gross margin was 16%, and the operating loss decreased to $12 million. Our auto OEM segment continues to be recognized as an outstanding partner. We recently received the 2024 Global Award for Excellence in Technology and Development from Yamaha Motor for our motorcycle infotainment solutions. Auto OEM has performed as expected so far this year, and we are maintaining our 50% revenue growth estimate for 2024. So that concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Douglas Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our second quarter financial results, my comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes, updated guidance. We posted revenue of $1.507 billion for the second quarter representing a 14% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 57.3%, a 20 basis point decrease from the prior year quarter. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 34.6%, a 140 basis point decrease. Operating income was $342 million, a 20% increase. Operating margin was 22.7%, a 120 basis point increase. Our GAAP EPS was $1.56. Pro forma EPS was $1.58. Next, we look at our second quarter revenue by segment and geography. During the second quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in three of our five segments, led by the auto OEM segment with 41% growth. Fitness and marine segments had 28% and 26% growth, respectively. By geography, we achieved double-digit growth of 18% in the EMEA region and 15% in the Americas region. APAC region growth was 1%. Looking next at operating expenses. Second quarter operating expense increased by $46 million or 10%. Research and development increased approximately $19 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs. SG&A increased approximately $27 million compared to prior year quarter, primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses, including the impact of the acquisition of JL Audio. A few highlights on the balance sheet. Cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $3.4 billion. Accounts receivable increased both year-over-year and sequentially to $808 million, following seasonally strong sales in the second quarter. Inventory balance decreased year-over-year but increased sequentially to approximately $1.3 billion. During the second quarter of 2024, we generated free cash flow of $218 million, a $3 million decrease from the prior year quarter. CapEx expenditures for the second quarter 2024 were $37 million, approximately $15 million lower than the prior year quarter. We expect full year 2024 free cash flow to be approximately $900 million, capital expenditures of approximately $350 million. For the second quarter of 2024, we paid a dividend of approximately $144 million and purchased $10 million of company stock. At quarter-end, we had approximately $290 million remaining of the share repurchase program which is authorized through December 2026. We had an effective tax rate of 17.9% compared to 8.9% in the prior year quarter. Increase in effective tax rate is primarily due to the increase in the combined Switzerland tax rate in response to global minimum tax requirements. Turning next to our full year guidance. We estimate revenue of approximately $5.95 billion compared to our previous guidance of $5.75 billion. We expect gross margin to be approximately 57%, higher than our previous guidance of 56.5% for the year-to-date performance. We expect an operating margin of approximately 21.3%, compared to our previous guidance of 20%. We also expect pro forma effective tax rate of 16%, which is higher than our previous guidance of 15.5%, due to projected full year income mix and tax jurisdiction. This results in expected pro forma earnings per share of approximately $6, an increase of $0.60 from our previous guidance of $5.40. This concludes our formal remarks. Christina, could you open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Yes, thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Joseph Cardoso from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Joseph Cardoso: Good morning and thanks for the question. So maybe first question here is just on the guide. When I take a look at the updated full year guide, the implied second half outlook suggests maybe a more muted revenue flow-through to earnings than maybe we are accustomed seeing for Garmin. Can you maybe just walk through the puts and takes there and perhaps driving the pressures on the incremental margins into the second half? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So when we think about that, yes, relating to the gross margin, back half versus what we've seen in the first half, we'll continue to see segment mix have an impact. That will have an impact to reduce the gross margin in the back half. As it relates to expenses, yes, we'll continue to make investments in R&D, primarily to support our innovation.
Joseph Cardoso: Got it. And then maybe just as my second question, marine on an organic basis continues to outperform the broader market trends that you guys have been highlighting. And so I was just curious if you could double-click on the outperformance there. Like, what are you seeing broadly as the drivers of the share gains Garmin has experienced, for example? Is it broadly across the portfolio? Or are you seeing better trends more in a particular area of the portfolio? And then maybe just curious what other factors could be contributing here, and any thoughts on how sustainable this could be from your vantage. Thanks for the question guys.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, Joe, I think our performance in the aftermarket is definitely much better than the overall market. And even in the OEM channels that we serve, our performance is much better than the broader markets than reporting. I think we attribute this to really our product lines highly innovative and very broad. We're doing very well, and in chartplotters, we have the best mapping, and sonar systems, radar and autopilots. And trolling motors are somewhat of a newer category for us. It's expanding and helping us to take share.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erik Woodring: Hey guys, good morning. Thank you for taking my call. Doug or Cliff, either one of you, I just want to kind of get your viewpoint. As we think about the guidance increase, obviously, nice outperformance in 1Q, so you were tracking above and now we've seen you raised guidance. Would you say that that increase in guidance is solely a reflection of the better first half? Or are you seeing some of that sustain into the second half relative to your expectations? Just want to kind of get a sense, is this kind of a reflection just of 1Q outperformance? Or is the second half of the year better than you thought as well? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you so much.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, Erik, I think there's a lot of moving pieces that go into the guide. In some cases, as in fitness, I think we're very optimistic and encouraged by our performance. And so there's a little more optimism in that guide as we anniversary the launches of the major products that we had last year. And then in marine, I think we're mostly taking a wait-and-see approach. We're rolling forward certainly the higher performance. But as has already been noted, the marine market is generally stabilizing, and so we're simply just taking a slightly different view there. And everything else remains in line with what we had earlier said.
Douglas Boessen: And one thing to add in marine, we are anniversarying the JL Audio acquisition end of Q3 also.
Erik Woodring: Okay. No, that's very helpful. And then, Doug, maybe for you. Your free cash flow kind of seasonality historically has been a bit volatile, but more often than not you do about 35% to 40% of annual free cash flow in the first half of the year. If we take your updated viewpoint on free cash flow, I believe it was up $900 million for the year, it would imply first half free cash flow is actually more like, call it, 70%, which would be at least near decade high. Can you maybe just help us understand some of the seasonality or moving pieces as it relates to free cash flow? Why the second half of the year would be so much weaker than we see historically for you guys? And that's it for me. Thanks so much.
Douglas Boessen: Good question. There is a working capital consideration you take into consideration also. So one of which is inventory. Last year, in the back half, we saw some benefit relating to our inventory being lower. This year, we expect in the back half that we would be increasing our inventory. On a year-over-year basis, we probably expect inventory decrease in line with sales, so there will be a use of cash in the back half for inventory.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of George Wang from Barclays. Your line is open.
George Wang: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Two parts. Firstly, can you give update thoughts on capital allocation, especially given still elevated cash balance, just the 2Q, the buyback was pretty small, just -- and also a related question just on the CapEx, you guys have still guided pretty elevated CapEx full year being $350 million, with the 1H being smaller spend. Maybe you can walk me through how you think about these two parts.
Douglas Boessen: Sure. As it relates to capital allocation, it's consistent with what we've had in the past, our priorities are really reliable dividends, investments back in our business as CapEx, also acquisitions such as JL Audio and then share buybacks. And share buybacks is really depending upon the market and the business conditions. We'll take a look at that every quarter. As it relates to CapEx, yes, the back half, those investments really relate to so investments in our manufacturing facilities. Also, we'll have some invest IT projects to enhance some of our security infrastructure as well as we're continuing our renovations of our facilities here in Kansas.
George Wang: Okay. Just a quick follow-up, if I can squeeze in. I just wanted to, kind of honing on the auto OEM, especially kind of as we look beyond the BMW, the main controller. Last quarter, you guys alluded to two new wins just on the infotainment system side there. I assume it's higher margin. Can you kind of give a bit more thoughts and color if you can? Kind of I assume it's going to ramp starting from 2026 kind of in infotainment system, maybe kind of -- any color would be appreciated.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, George, we announced those additional awards last quarter. Nothing has really changed in that since then. We're working hard to bring those to market, as we mentioned, starting in 2026. In terms of the margin profile for those products, I would just point out that's still domain controller products. And so that carries that typical mid-teens kind of gross margin that we've been talking about with it as well. So it's very much in line with the business that we're currently seeing settle in, in terms of the auto OEM revenue structure.
George Wang: Okay, great. I’ll go back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
David MacGregor: Yes, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess I wanted to just pick up on the discussion around the OEM auto, and congratulations on the progress there. You're obviously in the market with a product that is succeeding with customers and building on the BMW, now with Yamaha and others. But I guess I'm a little confused on why there isn't a little more scale benefit in terms of your margin outlook. And so you mentioned there's still controllers and there's still that kind of gross margin profile that you've communicated in the past. But I would have thought maybe the -- your EBIT contribution would build as you build scale in that business. So is it just not a scale? It's just more variable cost than this than we expected? Or how should we think about the longer-term economics as you grow that business?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think, David, if you look where we are this quarter versus last year, there's been a big swing in product mix to that domain controller category, which what we've been saying for the past year is that that would definitely be a margin impact because of the profile of those products. And so that's what's driving our gross margin this year compared to last year. And it pretty much put the gross margin dollars kind of even with last year. So there's a big transition point that we've already gone through. You saw our engineering and expense structure come down, and so our loss decreased. And I would point out that auto OEM also absorbs a certain amount of allocated costs across the company, which would otherwise go to other segments. So we're starting to see that leverage. We're probably a little bit behind where we thought we would be, although we're talking about very small numbers in terms of the difference. And so we're looking forward to the additional volume ramp and seeing those leverages come into play as the efficiencies go up.
David MacGregor: Okay. Maybe I could just shift gears and ask about fitness and outdoor, and just if you could talk about what you're seeing in retail conditions and retail inventories at this point.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. We watch it very closely. We're able to see our sell-in versus our registrations. And we believe that the channel is really very clean right now. The products are selling through at a very consistent rate with our sales in. And the products seem to be very popular and people really appreciate them. So we're really excited about our performance in wearables in general.
David MacGregor: Okay. And just last for me, on the marine guidance, up 15%. How much of the incremental growth there is coming from the addition of the trolling product offering? And just expanding that, having a product that maybe you didn't have to offer a year earlier.
Clifton Pemble: We don't break out specifics on that, but I would say that trolling motors are contributing to that increased organic revenue. But it's not the only category. In fact, chartplotters were also very good. And that's an indicator basically of the market robustness and the strength of our product line as people are installing it on their boats.
David MacGregor: And did you say what organic growth in marine was excluding JL?
Clifton Pemble: Up 7% is what we said.
David MacGregor: Thanks very much. Good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Lyonnais from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Jordan Lyonnais: Hey good morning. Thanks for taking the question. A few of your competitors have started launching smart rings. Is that something Garmin is interested in, would be looking to expand to for the fitness line?
Clifton Pemble: Well, we're interested in all kinds of product categories, including that, and others. So far, we've done very well with our wearables, and I think it has the most utility. But there's certainly a group of people that like that kind of form factor. So we keep open minds to the categories and we explore all possibilities.
Jordan Lyonnais: Got it. And then just a follow-up too, are you seeing any increases in promotions from you guys pushing it through retailers or anything else?
Clifton Pemble: I don't think the promotional activity is materially different. We have a yearly cadence around the calendar of our retailers, most recently, for example, Prime Day. The mix of products that we offer can vary from year-to-year, and that can probably affect whether it's more promotional or less. But in general, I would say it's shaping up to be a pretty typical year.
Jordan Lyonnais: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Benjamin Bollin: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Cliff, I'm interested in your thoughts on the year-to-date performance in fitness, obviously, remarkable. How do you think about the drivers to what you've seen? You had certainly a product with Forerunner 165. I'm curious about that. Any thoughts on TAM? And then if you have any perspective on how a strong cohort of customers added during COVID, is there a bigger refresh opportunity? Any thoughts on that would be helpful.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think our year-to-date performance has been remarkable. We credit it to the strength of our product line. It's certainly not just the Forerunner 165. We have the 965 and 265 which are also doing very, very well, the vivoactive 5 on the low end of advanced wearables, as well as the Venue 3 and 3S, all of which has been popular. So we're seeing success across the range of products from high end to low end. In terms of the overall market, I would say that it's generally stable. It's not a huge growth market, but it's a huge market. And our opportunity is really share gains, which we see happening with the kind of results that we're driving. So we're excited about that. And in terms of refresh opportunities, we track that, new users versus existing users and what kinds of products that they go from and what they go to. And definitely, we see this refresh cycle that occurs with our customer base every two to three years. And we're starting to see some of that, especially as our new products really leapfrog the generation or two behind where they might have already had a product that they were using. So definitely, there's ongoing opportunities with the existing customer base.
Benjamin Bollin: Okay. The last one for me. Also curious how you think about potential AI opportunities for both internal and customer use cases. It seems like you have a very unique high-fidelity data set in Connect. Just curious your thoughts on what you guys could be looking at or some options around AI. Thank you.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think we're no different than most companies. We look at AI as a potential business tool, and we're doing some of that. Some of what we look at there, we take a wait-and-see approach because there's still a lot of claims that AI is making that have yet to be demonstrated. But in terms of product-specific uses, I would say that a more constrained model around customer data and trends is something that we're very interested in. And we continue to explore possible features that we would have in our products in the future driven by that technology.
Benjamin Bollin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth from Tigress Financial Partners. Your line is open.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you. Congratulations on another great quarter and a great first half.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you.
Ivan Feinseth: In the slides, you talked about the strength in fitness was driven by wearables, but the revenue decline in outdoor was driven by adventure watches. What is the difference between the -- what's driving the strength in the fitness wearables, let's say, versus the outdoor wearables?
Clifton Pemble: I think that the outdoor wearables, Ivan, was really when we passed the pipeline fill of our fēnix and epix Pro releases from last year. And as we look forward, we're basically factoring in our additional product releases that we have for the rest of the year, and we anticipate that will grow as we move forward.
Ivan Feinseth: And then like some of the functionality like with the launch of the Pro models, you have the updated or the better ECG measurement and there's ongoing talk in health focus of the importance of HRV. Like can you talk about like how -- are there some things that are driving upgrades in sales? And what do you envision as far as future functionality?
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think we've really been a pioneer in those kinds of sensor measurements, particularly when you look at HRV, which drives many of our metrics in our devices, from performance condition to sleep quality. These are all very important things. And so we've been on the forefront of that. And our practice has been, and our history has been, as we invent these features, we roll them across product lines and expand the functionality broadly and make it available to even more users.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you. And congratulations on the first half.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Zatzkin from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Noah Zatzkin: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. First, kind of just a housekeeping question. Could you remind us how to think about the mix between aftermarket and OEM within the marine business post addition of JL? And then second, you guys have obviously been able to maintain strong margins and what's been a kind of choppy marine industry. So from a margin perspective, exiting this year, assuming the industry is on a more stable footing, like how do you kind of think about like the kind of longer-term margin structure of the marine business? Thanks.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So our marine business is mostly comprised of aftermarket, especially in this environment where boat building is at a reduced level as field inventory has worked down. With the addition of JL Audio, a lot of those sales we probably categorize more in the aftermarket area, although there is some that goes to OEM. It's a little harder to track in marine because some of the distribution channels are independent distributors who sell and turn to smaller boat builders. And so it isn't always possible to track exactly which products go where. But in general, we're seeing strength in the aftermarket channels as well as better-than-industry performance in the OEM side. In terms of the margin picture, I would say that other than the impact that we've talked about with JL Audio as a dilutive factor, overall, we don't see any change in the overall marine margin structure, especially as you mentioned towards the end of the year, we would see that the segment and the market really will continue to perform in the ranges that have been historically true.
Noah Zatzkin: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erik Woodring: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my follow ups. Just two quick ones, if I may. Maybe big picture, some of the questions have maybe alluded to this topic. But I'd say there have been some growing concerns around consumer spending. We're also hearing about some evidence of incremental, let's call it, hardware spending in Europe -- hardware setting weakness in Europe, excuse me. Just given your significant exposure to each market, can you maybe just give us some detail on exactly what you're seeing from an end demand standpoint related to the consumer? Are you seeing any trading down? It doesn't seem like it, but I just want to make sure we get your perspective given kind of how wide you reach is. And then just a quick follow-up. Thanks.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think, Erik, we would say that there's not any significant evidence that spending patterns for our product lines and our customer base are currently being impacted. It's a little hard to say it's not because we don't have control data to measure that against because we're doing so well. But we do tend to target a customer base and product ranges that are not at the commodity low-end level. So we make premium products with clear differentiators, and customers seem to appreciate them and step up for them. So it would appear that that is resonating with customers.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And then maybe just last one. If you look at Garmin Connect MAUs, strength there, at least growth there has been very consistent in the mid-teens on a monthly basis year-over-year. Is there any way that you can help us understand what of that growth is new customer additions versus prior Garmin customers just reengaging with the Connect app? And does that behavior look any different than past cycles or past periods? Just trying to understand kind of the strength of new users versus existing users that are just reengaging. And that's it for me. Thanks.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. Our Connect registration behaviors, we've mentioned those from time to time that most of the new accounts and the new devices we see registered on Connect are from new customers. We do see a healthy number of existing customers that continue to engage with Garmin and they upgrade their devices. And we see, frankly, a robust secondhand market where people might sell one of their products and trade up to another one, and somebody, a brand-new customer to Garmin, comes into Connect, which gives us an opportunity to then upgrade them in the future. So in general, I would say it's a very healthy environment, and mostly still driven by new customers.
Erik Woodring: Alright. That’s perfect. Thanks so much.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. With no further questions. Teri, I'll turn the floor back over to you.
Teri Seck: Thank you all for joining the call today. Doug and I are available for callbacks. And we hope you have a great rest of your day. Goodbye.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-01 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Garmin Limited First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call.
 [Operator Instructions] Finally, a reminder that this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcripts will also be available on our website. 
 This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, segment growth rates, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. 
 At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble. 
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin delivered outstanding results in the first quarter with strong growth in consolidated revenue and operating income. The positive trends we experienced at the close of 2023 strengthened in the first quarter of 2024. Consolidated revenue increased 20% to $1.38 billion, a new first quarter record with 4 segments delivering double-digit growth. Gross and operating margins expanded year-over-year to 58.1% and 21.6%, respectively, resulting in record first quarter operating income of $298 million, up 51% year-over-year. This resulted in pro forma EPS of $1.42, up 39% over the prior year, which is a remarkable result considering the significantly increased Swiss tax rates.
 We're off to a great start, and we're very pleased with these results. At the same time, we are mindful that Q1 is typically the lowest seasonal quarter of our financial year. And with this in mind, we're not updating the guidance we previously issued in February. Doug will discuss financial results in greater detail in a few minutes. But first, I'll provide a few remarks on the performance of each business segment.
 Starting with fitness, revenue increased 40% to $343 million, a new record driven by broad-based growth across all product categories, led by strong demand for advanced wearables. Gross and operating margins improved to 57% and 20%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $68 million. During the quarter, we launched the Forerunner 165, which was instantly recognized by the market as a product offering both exceptional value and great performance.
 Also during the quarter, we published a new addition of the Garmin Health Research Glimpse, which focused on sleep research initiatives. The health metrics collected by Garmin wearables provide researchers with a wealth of information contributing to a deeper understanding of the intricate relationship between sleep and overall well-being.  
 Moving to outdoor. Revenue increased 11% to $366 million, with growth driven primarily by wearables. Gross and operating margins improved to 66% and 29%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $107 million. During the quarter, we released our annual inReach SOS year-end review, highlighting the importance of Garmin Response, which coordinates emergency response services in more than 200 countries and territories and supports rescue efforts in more than 210 languages. The emergency response coordination center is an important part of what differentiates our inReach SOS service from others.
 We also produced and released an original docuseries, called 7 Days Out, which follows 2 people on their journey through Nepal's Langtang hiking circuit. This docuseries highlights the extraordinary utility of our fenix 7 Pro adventure watches as well as the rich health metrics and long battery life these devices offer. 7 Days Out shows that ordinary people can accomplish extraordinary things with the right tools to help them beat yesterday.
 Looking next at aviation, revenue increased 2% in the first quarter to $217 million, driven by growth in OEM product categories. Gross margin improved to 75% and operating margin was 24%, resulting in operating income of $52 million. During the quarter, we unveiled a complete avionics modernization program with a highly popular Citation CJ2 business jet that offers new technologies and features designed to reduce pilot workload and improve safety. Also during the quarter, we added display options for our GWX 8000 StormOptix Weather Radar, which expands the availability of this advanced radar system to aircraft equipped with our highly popular GTN and TXi displays.
 Turning to the marine segment. Revenue increased 17% to $327 million, primarily driven by the acquisition of JL Audio. Excluding JL Audio, revenue increased approximately 3% in the first quarter. Gross and operating margins improved to 55% and 27%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $88 million. 
 We were recently recognized as Supplier of the Year by Independent Boat Builders, Inc. In addition, Garmin sponsored angler, Justin Hamer, was champion of the recent Bassmaster Classic fishing tournament on a boat exclusively equipped with our  ECHOMAP Ultra 2 chartplotters, Force trolling motor and LiveScope Plus sonar system. During the quarter, we launched the GPSMAP 16 family chartplotters, adding larger touchscreen options for greater clarity, connectivity and control at the helm. We also launched the Panoptix PS70, our first deepwater live sonar, which provides real-time underwater imaging at depth up to 1,000 feet.  
 Moving finally to the auto OEM segment. Revenue increased 58% to $129 million, with growth primarily driven by increased shipments of domain controllers to BMW. Gross margin was 18%, and we recorded an operating loss of $16 million. During the quarter, we were awarded new business to design and manufacture digital instrument clusters for 2-wheel vehicles as well as full infotainment systems for an industrial truck maker. 
 That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug? 
Douglas Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our first quarter financial results, implied comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $1.382 billion for the first quarter, representing a 20% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.1%, a 120 basis point increase from the prior year quarter. The increase was primarily due to product mix in certain segments partially offset by segment mix. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 36.5%, 330 basis point decrease. Operating income was $298 million, a 51% increase. Operating margin was 21.6%, a 440 basis point increase. Our GAAP EPS was $1.43, pro forma EPS was $1.42.
 Next, look at our first quarter revenue by segment and geography. In the first quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in 4 or 5 segments, led by the auto OEM segment with 58% growth, the fitness segment with 40% growth. The marine and outdoor segments also had double-digit growth of 17% and 11%, respectively. By geography, we achieved a double-digit growth in all 3 regions, led by 30% growth in EMEA, followed by 17% growth in Americas and 12% growth in APAC. 
 Looking next on operating expenses. First quarter operating expense increased by $48 million or 11%. Research and development increased approximately $21 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs. SG&A increased approximately $27 million compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses, including impact of JL Audio. 
 A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. Ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities approximately $3.3 billion. Cash receivable increased year-over-year due to strong sales, but decreased sequentially to $695 million from a seasonally strong fourth quarter. Inventory decreased year-over-year and sequentially to approximately $1.3 billion. In the first quarter of 2024, we generated free cash flow of $402 million, $170 million increase from the prior year quarter. Capital expenditures for the first quarter of 2024 were $33 million, approximately $14 million lower than the prior year quarter.
 In our first quarter of 2024, we paid dividends of approximately $140 million for an effective tax rate of 15.6% compared to 8.8% in the prior year quarter. Increase in effective tax rate is primarily due to the increase in the combined Switzerland tax rate in response to global minimum tax requirements. 
 That concludes our formal remarks. Paul, can you please open the line for Q&A? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Joseph Cardoso from JPMorgan. 
Joseph Cardoso: So maybe first one here is, you're starting off the year strongly. And I appreciate you guys are not updating the guidance here given we're only 1 quarter in, but I was wondering if you could help us think through the shape of the year relative to typical revenue seasonality and whether there are any puts and takes that investors should keep in mind that might be different relative to historical trends as we think about the remainder of the year? And then I have a quick follow-up. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think one thing to keep in mind as we go forward throughout the rest of the year is the timing of new product releases. I think Q1 was probably the most easy comp that we had in the year-over-year comparables as we now anniversary some of the strong product releases that we had last year and also consider the timing of new products this year. So that's part of what we have in mind as well. 
Joseph Cardoso: Got it. That's fair. And then maybe Cliff, you could touch on, like, obviously, wearables across fitness and outdoor have been performing strongly and part of that is what you just kind of referenced there around product releases or new product announcements. So I was just curious if you could provide some other color there as to where you have been seeing the strength and perhaps touch on trends you're seeing relative to volume and pricing as well as potentially new users versus replacement demand, just to get further granularity around some of the strength you're seeing in the wearables across both fitness and outdoor. 
Clifton Pemble: We would say that our product lineup across fitness and outdoor is very strong. Our products are unique, highly differentiated compared to a lot of products that are on the market. So people look to our products for particularly inspiration around activity, but sports wellness, all those things is something that we're known for. So we're  definitely seeing people appreciate our products for those things. Registrations have been strong. So we're seeing that follow through at retail, and we still see the majority of our users that are coming in as new users to Garmin as opposed to repeat. So we see that favoring new users in our overall product line between the 2 segments. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Wang from Barclays. 
Dong Wang: Just firstly, maybe you can comment on kind of outlook for the inventory. You guys cut down inventory again in the March quarter. Just curious what's your expectation for the inventory situation exiting this year compared to last year? 
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So as it relates to inventory, it was lower on a year-over-year basis as well as sequential, and one of the big reasons was just due to our strong sales. As it relates to what we expect by the end of the year, we do expect inventory to increase year-over-year basis, primarily hopefully in line with our sales, make sure we have enough inventory to meet our demand. 
Dong Wang: Okay. Great. And also recognizing you guys are not updating the revenue guidance since it's early in the year. But any thoughts on kind of a refreshed outlook on the full year free cash and CapEx, considering the 1Q, the free cash flow is pretty strong. The CapEx was actually lower than expected. Just curious if there's any change to the full year outlook. 
Douglas Boessen: Yes. At this time, we're not updating our free cash flow or CapEx outlook. If we update our guidance into Q2, we'll update at that point in time. But we are very pleased with our cash flow that came in, in Q1 as primarily due to the strong sales that we saw. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. 
Benjamin Bollin: Cliff or Doug, I was hoping we could talk about the gross margin behavior within outdoor and fitness. Both were up year-over-year and sequential. You talked about encouraging product mix. Could you talk a little bit about how much of the traction or strength in gross margin is individual products versus maybe input prices, components, transport? Just any moving pieces there to be aware of? 
Douglas Boessen: Yes. Yes. The gross margin was up year-over-year for both fitness and outdoor. Product mix was the biggest driver of that and actually, we sold in more of our new products, which have a higher gross margin. We did see some favorability year-over-year for lower freight costs. And overall, our costs are lower year-over-year also. We continue to look at ways to lower our cost from both the component as well as production standpoint. 
Benjamin Bollin: That's great. And then the last one for me is when we look at the auto business, what's the right way to think about the trajectory of the margin performance here over time? And any framing on how material the wins are when they start to contribute from the quarter, the 2-wheel vehicles and the industrial truck contribution? 
Clifton Pemble: Yes. In terms of margin, Ben, we've talked about how this segment will settle into a margin profile that's in the gross margin in the high teens and the operating margin in the mid-single digits. That's kind of typical what we see in this industry. We're certainly in the process of building our scale and the ramp into that. And so as the mix has shifted towards domain controllers, that's why you've seen the margin change as it has. In terms of the new business, in terms of volumes, this is a very significant new volumes adding to our overall infrastructure and planning. In terms of revenue, we announced in first quarter that -- or pardon me Q4 that we had secured some significant new business, and this is in addition. So this is an adder to that. But overall, we do have a sizable amount of awarded business that's ahead of us. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. 
Erik Woodring: Great. Maybe just one on the modeling side to follow up on one of the first questions. I know you don't guide super granular on a quarterly basis. But if we look to 2Q, historically, we see some seasonality that is quite strong. And you just posted a very above seasonal quarter. So I'm just wondering for 1Q, was there anything notable in terms of one-off tailwinds or anything unusual that would not repeat as we just think about seasonality as we look forward on a go-forward basis? And then I have a follow-up. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think, Erik, one of the factors to consider is that the timing of new product releases, both last year and this year, will be a factor in creating noise between the quarters. This year, Q1 was still marked by a relatively easy comp, especially in fitness, with our new product introductions that happened last year towards the end of Q1 into Q2. So definitely, that will create a different dynamic in Q2. And then just generally, as we look out for the rest of the year, the timing of other new product introductions is in our minds in terms of how we look at the whole year. 
Erik Woodring: Okay. And then, Doug, I know you like to have a kind of a rainy day slush fund. Again, it's always best to have liquidity when no one else does. And I appreciate that, but you have over $3 billion of net in gross cash, probably not earning your cost of capital today. Just can you help us understand why you wouldn't put more of that to work? Obviously, on an organic basis, you're seeing a ton of success. Why not complement that with either accelerating buybacks or more work that you can do organically? What stops you from taking those kind of actions? 
Douglas Boessen: Yes, good question. As it relates to cash, we do have our priorities for cash being reliable dividends. As you mentioned, our investments back in our business, whether for manufacturing facilities or just strengthening our business for the growth that we have looking at strategic acquisitions, such as JL Audio and then share repurchase. It relates to share repurchases, that is depending upon your market conditions, business conditions. I do want to remind you that we were in the blackout for most of Q1 from a standpoint. But our priorities for cash are consistent with what they've been for a while. 
Operator: Next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. 
David S. MacGregor: I guess I wanted to ask around inventories, but maybe focus around channel inventories, if you will. And can you talk about sell-through rates across your various lines? And as you think across these lines, where are channel inventory levels, may be a little higher or a little lower, just adjusting for seasonal patterns, of course. 
Clifton Pemble: We think that channel inventory is really clean and healthy at this point. We don't see any concerns. In terms of overall inventory retailers and across our businesses, frankly, are not placing big bets on inventory. So when they buy in, they know that there's customers there that want it, and the availability of product is much better now than it has been over the last kind of disruption of the last 4 years in supply chain. So we feel very good about it. And we also feel like the registration rates are very consistent with the quantities that we're selling in. 
David S. MacGregor: And if I could go back to the question on inventory, obviously, a substantial work down inventory this quarter, and you alluded to the strength of the business and just a lot stronger than maybe you had expected. What are the implications there for sort of second and third quarter margins as you rebuild that inventory? I would guess you get a better fixed cost absorption, better operating leverage. Should we be modeling a stronger margin performance as a consequence of inventory rebuild? 
Douglas Boessen: No, that's not really a big factor for us. But there is the part where you're mentioning there, just basically leveraging some of our overheads do production, but that's just a part of us managing our overall cost and having a lower cost structure. 
David S. MacGregor: Okay. And last question for me, is there any way you can sort of provide some color or granularity around how much of the growth right now? I mean, setting aside auto OEM, but the other 4 segments, how much of the growth rate now would be price versus unit growth? 
Clifton Pemble: I think it's mostly driven by higher unit volumes. 
David S. MacGregor: Congrats on all the progress. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jordan Lyonnais, Bank of America. 
Jordan Lyonnais: I appreciate that it's a softer comp in the quarter, but really strong growth in Europe and Asia, too. Are you expecting those markets to continue on this trend and you see a recovery? 
Clifton Pemble: I think one factor to consider geographically is the impact of higher auto OEM volumes on those regions. So when we produce and sell, for instance, domain controllers out of Europe, that tends to increase disproportionately the revenue there. So there's some puts and takes because of that. But generally, our wearable products performed very well in Europe. Asia has been influenced by auto OEM some, but we also have some tailwind with -- excuse me, some headwind due to currency issues in the region as well. So there's just lots of factors. There probably isn't any one that we could point to and try to draw conclusions about it. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question comes from the line of Noah Zatzkin from KeyBanc Capital Markets. 
Noah Zatzkin: Maybe just on the marine segment, strong performance there. First, hoping you could provide kind of an update on how JL Audio is performing post acquisition relative to expectations now that we're a couple of quarters in? And then second, if you could remind us what the full year benefit from JL Audio is embedded in the marine guide? And then I was just hoping to get your thoughts on the state of the marine end market in general, given what looks like pretty strong organic outperformance this quarter versus the industry? 
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think generally, we would say our JL performance was in line with what we expected. I think leading right into that question about the overall state of the market I think I would say the marine market has kind of stabilized. It's historically not a huge growth market, as you know. So I think we're kind of past some of the ripples that we've seen over the last few years. And there is certainly some issues out there right now with boat inventories that people have been talking about. But in general, those have not impacted us in any kind of significant way.
 And I think on a full year basis, Doug? 
Douglas Boessen: Yes, sure. As it relates to JL Audio, basically, we expect JL Audio on the revenue line to be about 15% of the total marine business. 
Operator: We have a follow-up question from David MacGregor from Longbow Research. 
David S. MacGregor: I guess there's been some talk just in the macro lately of consumers getting more cautious and mixing down, and then we get these rather disappointing consumer confidence numbers here today. Just how you -- obviously, you've got a lot of innovation in the marketplace. You talked already about the strong mix, and that seems to be overpowering whatever might be occurring underneath in terms of deteriorating consumer confidence. But what are you seeing at all in terms of just maybe leading indicators or things you watch for consumer mix down and  how that might ultimately impact your -- the mix and kind of the subscription rate around new product introductions over the balance of the year? 
Clifton Pemble: I would say, generally, our customer base are in groups that are probably less affected by the overall sentiment that you hear broadly about. So we certainly have products across all kinds of price ranges, but mostly our products tend to be products with high innovation and high desirability and therefore, their pricing is not necessarily at the bottom of the market. So in general, we've actually seen very strong response to some of our high-end products even when we release products, for example, in running like the Forerunner 165, which is an incredibly strong product, and we're receiving a great result from that, but we also continue to see strength in the higher-end products as well. So in general, I would say mostly people are buying based on their needs, and we haven't seen a lot of evidence of mixing down that we could point to with confidence. 
Operator: This concludes our Q&A session for today. I will now turn the conference back over to Teri for closing remarks. 
Teri Seck: Thank you all for your time today. As usual, Doug and I are available for callbacks. Have a wonderful day. Bye. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Enjoy the rest of your day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-21 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Garmin Limited Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks we'll have a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's fourth quarter 2023 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcripts will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenue segment growth rate, earnings gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin delivered outstanding results in the fourth quarter with strong growth in consolidated revenue and profit. Consolidated revenue increased 13% to nearly $1.5 billion, representing a new fourth quarter record with three business segments delivering double-digit growth. Gross and operating margins expanded year-over-year to 58% and 23%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $340 million, up 27% for the year. This resulted in pro forma EPS of $1.72, up 27% over the prior year. We entered 2023 cautiously optimistic, but as the year continued, we experienced better than expected momentum in multiple segments, which resulted in a record breaking year. Consolidated revenue increased 8% to $5.2 billion, which is a new annual record. Operating income increased 6% to nearly $1.1 billion and operating margin came in at 21%. During the year, component lead times and availability continued to normalize, while shipping bottlenecks eased. These factors, combined with healthy demand for our products, reduced inventory levels and boosted free cash flow to nearly $1.2 billion. We believe current inventory levels are appropriate and expect inventory will grow from this point forward at a rate that is roughly in line with sales. Looking forward, we have a robust lineup of recently introduced products and additional product launches are planned throughout the year. We anticipate 2024 consolidated revenue will increase approximately 10% to $5.75 billion. Our results and outlook for the year give us the confidence to propose an annual dividend of $3 per share, an $0.08 increase over the prior dividend amount, which will be considered by shareholders at the upcoming annual meeting. In addition, our Board of Directors recently approved a $300 million share repurchase program over the next three years. Before moving on to the performance and outlook for each business segment, I want to mention the recognition we received recently from Forbes who ranked Garmin number two on their list of best large employers in America. We're honored to be recognized for creating a best-in-class workplace. Garmin associates are passionate about what we do and we share a deep commitment to serving customers and each other. Moving next to segment highlights. Fitness revenue increased 21% for the year with growth across all product categories, led by strong demand for our new running watches. Full-year growth in operating margins were 53% and 17%, respectively, and operating income more than doubled to $232 million. At the recent Consumer Electronics Show, the Venu 3 was recognized with three awards including best of innovation for outstanding engineering. With its rich wellness and fitness features, bright display and long battery life, the Venu 3 is indeed a best-in-class product. Looking ahead, we have a strong lineup of recently introduced running, cycling, and wellness products and expect to launch additional products during the year to support growth. With this in mind, we expect fitness revenue will increase approximately 7% for the year. Moving to Outdoor. Revenue decreased 4% for the year as solid performance in the second half of the year could not fully offset the weaker first half. Full-year gross and operating margins were 63% and 30%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $515 million. During the fourth quarter, we expanded our lineup of underwater diving products with the introduction of the Descent G1 Solar Ocean Edition, our first-ever product made with recycled ocean-bound plastics. We also launched the new Descent Mk3 dive watch and the Descent T2 transceiver with enhanced SubWave communication technology that enables diver-to-diver messaging and tank pressure monitoring on the wrist. For over two decades, our eTrex series of handhelds have been an essential product for outdoor adventures. We recently launched the eTrex Solar, our first handheld GPS with solar charging technology. This new handheld can operate indefinitely using only the power harvested from the sun, which is a game changer for hikers, explorers and off-the-grid adventurers. Looking ahead, we expect that our strong outdoor product road map will result in revenue growth of 7% for the year. Looking next at Aviation. Revenue increased 7% for the year to $846 million, a new record driven by growth in OEM product categories. Full-year gross and operating margins were 74% and 27%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $226 million, up 6% over the prior year. During the quarter, our G3000 integrated flight deck was selected by Embraer backed Eve Air Mobility for its electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft. Eve Air Mobility joins a growing list of advanced air mobility companies who have selected our state-of-the-art cockpit systems. More recently, Garmin was ranked number one for the 20th consecutive year in Professional Pilot's 2024 Avionics Manufacturers Product Support Survey. This accomplishment is the direct result of the strong commitment and hard work of our aviation team and the investments we have made in this business. In recent years, the aviation segment has experienced growth in OEM equipment categories driven by an increased interest in private air travel. We expect this trend to continue in 2024 as aircraft makers work through historically high back orders. On the other hand, we expect softer aftermarket sales in the coming year. With these things in mind, we expect aviation revenue to be approximately flat to the prior year. Turning next to the Marine segment. Revenue increased 1% to $917 million, a new record and included approximately $42 million of revenue from the recently acquired JL Audio business. Excluding JL Audio, revenue from marine decreased approximately 3% for the year. The marine market has slowed in 2023 with many players reporting double-digit revenue declines, but we outperformed by capturing market share from our competitors. Full-year gross and operating margins were 54% and 20%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $179 million. During the fourth quarter, we launched the ECHOMAP Ultra 2 chartplotter series designed with premium sonar, mapping and wireless networking capability. We also launched the GSD 28 sonar with rapid return technology for higher resolution imaging in deepwater. These innovations demonstrate why our marine segment is performing so well in an otherwise soft market. Looking forward, we expect marine revenue will increase approximately 10% for the year, with growth driven by JL Audio, which is expected to be about 15% of total marine sales. Moving finally to the auto OEM segment. Revenue increased 49% to $423 million, a new record with growth primarily driven by increased shipments of domain controllers to BMW. Full-year 2023 gross margin was 23% and our losses narrowed progressively throughout the year, ending at just under $10 million for the fourth quarter. Many are wondering what lies beyond the BMW programs that are currently fueling our growth. I'm pleased to report that during 2023, we were awarded a new multi-year contract with another premium automaker to supply domain controllers on a global basis starting in 2027. This is projected to be the single largest award in the history of our auto OEM business, expanding our market share and customer base for domain controllers. We're also winning new business in other categories. We recently announced our motorcycle entertainment solution was selected by Yamaha Motors for certain motorcycles and smart scooters. This award adds to the already strong business we have with Yamaha across both two-wheel and marine vehicles. I'm proud of the progress our auto OEM team has made in 2023. Looking ahead, we expect revenue to increase approximately 50% as deliveries of domain controllers continue to ramp up, and we expect to reach profitability on a quarterly basis in the back half of the year. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Douglas Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full-year financial results, provide comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes, and 2024 guidance. We posted revenue of $1.483 billion for the fourth quarter, representing a 13% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.3%, increased 130 basis points for the prior year quarter, primarily due to lower freight costs. Operating expense as a percent of sales was 35.3%, 120 basis point decrease. Operating income was $340 million, 27% year-over-year increase. Operating margin was 23%, 250 basis point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $2.82. Pro forma EPS was $1.72, 27% increase in prior year pro forma EPS. Looking at the full-year results, we posted revenue of $5.228 billion, representing an 8% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 57.5%, a 20 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 36.6% comparable to the prior year. Operating income was $1.92 billion, 6% increase. Operating margin was 20.9%, 20 basis point decrease from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $6.71, pro forma EPS was $5.59, 9% increase from the prior year pro forma EPS. Next, we look at our fourth quarter revenue by segment and geography. During the fourth quarter, we achieved record consolidated revenue and double-digit growth in three of our five segments. By geography, Americas, EMEA regions achieved double-digit growth of 13% and 19%, respectively while the APAC region achieved growth of 4%. For the full-year 2023, we achieved 8% consolidated growth with record revenue in three of our five segments. By geography, we achieved 8% growth in Americas, 9% growth in EMEA and 5% growth in APAC. Looking next, operating expenses. Fourth quarter operating expenses increased by $46 million or 10%. Research and development increased approximately $22 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs. SG&A increased approximately $21 million compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to increase in personnel-related expenses in addition of the JL Audio business. Advertising expense increased approximately $4 million, primarily due to higher co-op advertising. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, dividends and share repurchase. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $3.1 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially and year-over-year to $815 million due to seasonally strong sales in the fourth quarter. Inventory balance decreased year-over-year to $1.3 billion to execute our strategy to optimize inventory, reductions in our consumer inventory more than offsetting the increases associated with our auto OEM business, the addition of JL Audio inventory. During the fourth quarter of 2023, we generated free cash flow of $470 million, $108 million increase from the prior year quarter primarily due to a lower use of cash purchases of inventory. For the full-year 2023, we generated free cash flow of $1.183 billion, $639 million increase from the prior year, which was primarily due to a lower use of cash purchase of inventory, which we do not expect to repeat in 2024. 2023, our capital expenditures were $194 million, a $51 million decrease compared to the prior year. In 2024, we expect free cash flow to be approximately $750 million, approximately $375 million of capital expenditures. In 2024, we expect to continue to make investments in platforms for growth, clean facilities, and IT-related projects. In 2023, we paid dividends of approximately $559 million. Also, we announced our plan to seek shareholder approval for an increase in our annual dividend beginning with the June 2024 payment. Proposal is a cash dividend of $3 or $0.75 per share per quarter, which is a 3% increase from our current quarterly dividend of $0.73 per share. In 2023, we used $99 million of cash through purchase company shares, completing the previous $300 million share repurchase program. Our Board of Directors recently approved a $300 million share repurchase program, which is authorized through December 2026. Our full-year 2023 pro forma effective tax rate was 8.5% compared to 7.9% in the prior year. Fiscal 2024 pro forma effective tax rate is expected to be 15.5%, a 700 basis point increase over the prior year. Expected year-over-year increase in the 2024 pro forma tax rate is primarily due to increases in the combined Switzerland tax rates, impact of implementation of global minimum tax requirements. Turning next to our full-year guidance. We estimate revenue of approximately $5.75 billion, an increase of approximately 10% over the prior year. We expect gross margin to be approximately 56.5%, 100 basis point year-over-year decrease, which is primarily due to segment mix as auto OEM becomes a large percentage of our business. We expect an operating margin of approximately 20% and the full-year pro forma effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 15.5%. This results in expected pro forma earnings per share of approximately $5.40. This concludes our formal remarks. Julianne, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question will come from Joseph Cardoso from JPMorgan. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Joseph Cardoso: Hi, good morning, and thanks for the question. First question here is just on the auto OEM business. I guess it's a two-parter. First, can you just expand, obviously, auto OEM revenue expanded $150 million in '23. You're targeting to expand another $200 million in '24. As you think about your target for $800 million by '25, how are you thinking about your ability to overachieve on it given the current trajectory that you're on? And then in a similar vein, with another year of ramping this business under your belt, how are you thinking about that margin profile as we approach this level of $800 million of revenue now, particularly, is there any implications we should think of from the new customer win that you'll eventually on board? Thanks. And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Thanks. Good morning. So on the first part of the question in terms of our ability to overachieve, what we've mentioned as a peak of about $800 million in 2025. I would say that we don't project that far out in terms of ability to under or overachieve. We're going by input from the manufacturers who provide us with their longer-term forecast, but those can go up and down as production dates near. So I think, in general, those are just reference points for people to consider. In terms of the margin profile, we've been telling people that the margin in auto OEM is expected to go down as it has been doing. We do expect to be in that 20 -- mid-20% kind of range for the segment. That's our target, but it's based on a mix of very high volume, lower margin products as well as some lower volume, higher-margin products that are only speculative.
Joseph Cardoso: I got it. I guess just a follow-up there, and I'll use this as my second question. Just in terms of the new win that you're onboarding though, can you just talk about how you're thinking about the elevated costs that you need to ramp that new customer? Or are you not assuming that you'll need to onboard increased expenses there? I guess that's kind of what I was getting at in terms of the margin profile on the auto OEM business as you kind of think about bringing in that new customer. Like how are you thinking about the implications or headwinds to margins as you start to ramp with that new customer? Thank you.
Clifton Pemble: So the most significant new win that we mentioned with the global automaker is a program that does not require a significant amount of R&D investment. So as a result, it will be lower intensity in terms of the investment that we will make in that to bring that customer on board.
Joseph Cardoso: Got it. Very clear, Cliff. Thank you.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from George Wang from Barclays. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
George Wang: Hey guys. Congrats on the quarter. Just two quick ones. Firstly, just in terms of the capital return, nice to see additional $300 million of share authorization. Just curious kind of any additional color you can share in terms of the cadence. Do you guys plan to front-load some of the buyback near term or kind of more evenly spread? So just kind of try to get any possible additional color, so beyond this kind of over three years?
Douglas Boessen: Yes. Thanks, George. Yes, we just completed our previous $300 million authorization and the Board authorized an additional $300 million over the next three years. So that cadence of acquisitions will be just based upon the market conditions, business conditions at that point in time.
George Wang: Okay, great. Just a kind of follow-up in terms of the business. It's nice to see revenue kind of approaching 10% growth year-over-year, obviously partially aided by the auto OEM business. So my question is really kind of as you project for FY '24 by segment versus three months back, any major sort of incremental data point you kind of want to share from any of the segments, whether it's the fitness or the outdoor? Just curious if anything has changed to curate over the last three months?
Clifton Pemble: Yes, George, I think we did demonstrate some good momentum in Q4 and really in the back half of all of 2023 in both outdoor and fitness. So as a result, we've become incrementally more positive on those two, especially considering our current product lineup and the roadmap of products that we have out in front of us.
George Wang: Okay, great. Thanks for the color. I'll go back to the queue.
Operator: Our next question comes from David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
David MacGregor: Good morning everyone. Great quarter. Congratulations. I wanted to just start off by asking you for your impressions on kind of the fourth quarter holiday sales season. What you were seeing from the consumer, what patterns you were noticing, how people were responding to different price points. I mean any color you can provide on the state of the consumer and what you took away from kind of the fourth quarter?
Clifton Pemble: I would say generally that the response from the consumer side was better than we expected and actually seem quite strong. Our sell-through appeared to be very, very good and of course, drove incremental production that we did in the third and fourth quarter to supply/demand.
David MacGregor: And any kind of competitive dimension here we could color in for us?
Clifton Pemble: Well, I -- probably not a lot to say other than the remarks we made, particularly in marine, where we're taking some market share. It is probably also true that we're taking market share in wearables as well. But our product lines and our position in the market is much different because of the unique nature of all the products that we have in that market.
David MacGregor: Yes. And you're not seeing any mix down or any dynamic like that?
Clifton Pemble: Actually, I would say that the response to our higher-end products in the recent quarter or two, the back half of 2023 has been very good.
David MacGregor: Okay. As a follow-up, I just wanted to ask on the automotive business. You noted that you expect the business to turn profitable in the second half. How are you thinking about an end of your exit run rate on segment margins?
Clifton Pemble: Well, we've guided people to think about gross margins in the range of mid- to upper teens and operating margins in the mid-single-digits.
David MacGregor: That's for the full-year, right?
Clifton Pemble: No. That's really on a run rate basis. I think for the full-year, we mentioned in the remarks that we expect to exit the back half profitable on a quarterly basis. We don't expect 2024 to be profitable as a full-year but then we'll work into 2025 on that basis.
David MacGregor: Got it. Thanks very much. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jordan Lyonnais from Bank of America. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Jordan Lyonnais: Good morning. Thanks for taking the time. Would you guys be able to give more color on what drove the lower revenue in aviation aftermarket?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think aviation aftermarket, Jordan is an interesting market because it's a very narrow distribution channel through specialty installers, doesn't have the same kind of retail dynamic. And we did come off of 2022 and into 2023, with significant supply chain challenges, which drove behaviors on the part of those dealers and installers to have more inventory on their shelves. During 2023, we saw them essentially burning that off as they had installs come in, and they were working on aircraft. And we expect some of that to continue also in 2024.
Jordan Lyonnais: Got it, thank you so much.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. Thank you very much for taking my questions guys and good morning. Maybe my first question for you, Cliff, is a bit of like a philosophical question, which is if we look back historically at kind of the Garmin story, it was always about kind of premiumization. Obviously, amazing gross margins that generally have trended higher over time. Your strongest growing segment is now also going to be your largest -- sorry, your lowest gross margin segment. So how should we think about the -- what the model really is now? Is it more about maximizing operating profit dollars as opposed to margins? Can you just help us think through how that change is taking place now that you have this really kind of exploding auto OEM opportunity? And then I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I would say, Erik, that there's probably no one mold to put Garmin in when it comes to the breadth and depth of our businesses. We still and always will serve those premium niche markets in our traditional markets. And we see new opportunities like auto OEM as a way to leverage the strength we have in vertical integration, our smart factories, our supply chain capability and our ability to serve customers, which has been very attractive. So at the end of the day, it's profit dollars that we can put in the bank. And going about doing that, we simply try to play to all the strengths that we have.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Okay. That's really helpful. And then maybe the second question is over the last few years, we've seen a bit of a deviation or gap, somewhat unusually between the outdoor and fitness businesses, somewhat kind of reflective of kind of key product launches. For 2024, obviously, you've kind of guided those businesses back to tracking in line with one another. So just maybe my question is when we think about maybe the product launch cadence and the importance of those product launches, should we think about this being a bit more evenly split across both of those product lines as opposed to maybe focusing on one or the other? Is that the right way of thinking kind of your emphasis on product launches for the entirety of 2024 just in these two segments specifically?
Clifton Pemble: Well, I would say that ideally, we would want to have a very even cadence between those two segments when it comes to product launches. It doesn't always work out that way just because of the nature of product development and the complexity of the various product lines that we take on. I would expect in 2024 that outdoor will be more active than fitness. But then again, in 2023, fitness was more active than outdoor.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you very much for the color, Cliff.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noah Zatzkin from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Noah Zatzkin: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Maybe just one on kind of marine for me. Just wondering if you could kind of expand upon how you're thinking about end market dynamics this year? And just any color on your OEM business versus aftermarket and how you're thinking about that dynamic playing out as we look into 2024? Thanks.
Clifton Pemble: Let's say, Noah, that the market, as we mentioned in the remarks is softer. I think in general, I would say that we estimate the market declined about 10% in 2023. When you look at all the various players, we outperformed with market share gains. So we're thrilled with that, and we expect in 2024 that we'll continue to perform ahead of the market. In terms of the dynamic between OEM and aftermarket in marine, the aftermarket is really the bigger slice of the pie, if you will. So we're influenced more by those dynamics. We do expect 2024 will be offset in terms of any softness will be offset by new revenue from JL Audio, which we expect to be about 15% of the segment revenue for the year.
Noah Zatzkin: And then maybe just one in terms of -- I know you're guiding to the pro forma tax rate of 15.5%, but any update on kind of when the tax rate officially changes?
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So yes, we are guiding to a 15.5% for the full-year. So it's really related to the increase in the combined Switzerland tax rates and the impact calculation of a global minimum taxes. So in December of '23, here recently begin a Shop House and actually pass some legislation, which effectively combined or increased the combined Switzerland tax rates to 15%. So that basically affect beginning of the year, 2024.
Noah Zatzkin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Benjamin Bollin: Good morning everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Cliff, I'm curious how you think about the contribution of new activations versus refresh across both outdoor and fitness. And then I had a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So new customers to Garmin are still the majority of our registrations that we have on our platforms.
Benjamin Bollin: Is there any differences that you've noticed between outdoor and fitness? Does one seem to be more of a refresh versus the other or it's pretty linear across segments?
Clifton Pemble: No. I mean it does vary by segment and more specifically it varies by product line. Some of our product lines due tend to be driven by existing customers, while others tend to be driven actually by new customers.
Benjamin Bollin: Okay. The last one for me is curious what you're seeing in China and India. Just bigger picture, what's your strategic initiatives there? What are you trying to do? What type of performance have you seen? And that's it for me. Thanks.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think in China, the economic situation has been more challenging. I think our performance has been okay. Some countries in Asia do better than others, but in general, I would say it's doing fine given the situation there. We do have a mix of retail partners and our own retail shops in various parts of Asia, including China. So we tend to go a little more direct to customer in some of those countries. In India, we've kind of reset our approach there, and we've got a new distribution partner that's working the market, and we expect to see improvements there. But in general, India is kind of a small market for us right now.
Benjamin Bollin: Thanks.
Operator: Our last question will come from Ivan Feinseth from Tigress Financial Partners. Please go ahead. Your line is open.
Ivan Feinseth: Good morning. Congratulations on the great quarter and year. And thanks for taking my questions. I have a couple of questions. You mentioned gaining market share in smart wearables. There was recently another notable large smart wearable company that had an issue with their pulse ox readings and eventually dropped right now from their product offering. Do you feel -- or did you see that as a major driver of consumer choice to the Garmin watches?
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I don't know that, that was a specific major driver, Ivan. But certainly, we do offer that feature, and we have a feature that's very different from any other player that's out there. But in general, I would say that our products are doing well because they're strong on a broad basis across all kinds of features and the ability to monitor both health and wellness functions as well as strong activity performance as well.
Ivan Feinseth: And then you started to roll out significant upgrades to your Connect app. And what are you still your thoughts on maybe tiering that as far as a premium subscription level?
Clifton Pemble: Well, we continue to look at options for how do we monetize our app base. That's not something that we're eager to plow into because we recognize that a lot of people use our platforms and trust Garmin, especially with the security and the privacy of their data. But there are premium features that we will look at that could possibly result in premium tiers for some of our apps much like we've done for example, in golfing.
Ivan Feinseth: And then two questions on the automotive OEM side. You mentioned that the new customer you're onboarding will not require much R&D. Is that because you're going to get a lot of mileage going forward from the R&D that you've invested so far and that each incremental customer will be more and more profitable?
Clifton Pemble: There's certainly some leveraging of the technologies that we've developed in order to be able to support this kind of customer. But this is actually a build-to-print opportunity. So the design work has been done, and so we're leveraging our factory and our process engineering to bring it into our Garmin factories.
Ivan Feinseth: And then my last question, you mentioned the strong product momentum going into '24. Can you give us some idea of what areas and new products we could expect to see?
Clifton Pemble: Well, we don't mention any of our upcoming releases that aren't already public. But just yesterday, actually, we did announce the Forerunner 165 which I'm super excited about. It's a really strong entry-level watch with a bright OLED display. And I think I have a lot of personal expectations that it will be a popular product.
Ivan Feinseth: All right. Thank you. Congratulations and wishing you a big '24.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thank you all for joining us this morning. Doug and I are available for callbacks and we hope you have a great day. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-01 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Hello, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the conference over to Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, segment growth rates, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin delivered outstanding results in the third quarter with strong growth in consolidated revenue, operating income and earnings. Consolidated revenue came in at $1.28 billion, up 12% over the prior year, driven by growth in four of our five business segments. Gross and operating margins were 57% and 21.2%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $270 million, up 13% year-over-year. We registered GAAP EPS of $1.34, and pro forma EPS came in at $1.41, up 14% over the prior year. We are pleased with our third quarter results and are updating our full year 2023 guidance accordingly. We now expect revenue of approximately $5.15 billion and pro forma EPS of $5.25. Before turning the call over to Doug, I’ll provide highlights by segment and an outlook of what we see ahead. Starting with the fitness segment, revenue increased 26% to $353 million, a new third quarter record for the segment and a continuation of the strong performance we’ve been experiencing all year. Growth was broad-based across all categories, led by strong demand for wearables. Gross and operating margins were 54% and 21%, respectively, resulting in improved year-over-year operating income of $75 million. During the quarter, we introduced the new Venu 3 smartwatch family in two sizes as well as the value packed vivoactive 5 with a bright AMOLED display. These wearables have robust new health and wellness features, including nap detection and enhanced sleep coaching. Also, we recently announced that our ECG App is now approved for use with recently introduced products, including the Venu 3 as well as our popular, epix Pro and fēnix 7 Pro series watches. This FDA cleared and clinically validated app records heart rhythms and checks for signs of atrial fibrillation. The expansion of the ECG App gives our customers another powerful tool for managing their health. Given the strong year-to-date performance and the current trends, we now expect fitness revenue to increase approximately 20% for the year. Moving to the outdoor segment. Revenue increased 7% to a third quarter record of $434 million, with growth across multiple categories, led by adventure watches. Gross and operating margins were 62% and 31%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $136 million. During the quarter, we launched the tactix 7, with a bright AMOLED display, a night vision compatible flashlight and up to 31 days of battery life. We recently announced the MARQ Carbon premium smartwatch collection, crafted from 130 layers of Fused Carbon Fiber, making these watches distinctive, strong, lightweight and ready for adventure. We’re pleased with the performance of the outdoor segment, but the path to growth has been more challenging than anticipated when compared to the strong performance of 2022 and the timing of product introductions in 2023. Given the year-to-date performance, we now expect outdoor revenue to decrease approximately 5% for the year. Looking next at the aviation segment. Revenue increased 5% to a third quarter record of $198 million, with growth driven by OEM product categories. Gross and operating margins were strong at 75% and 25%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $49 million. During the quarter, we were ranked number one in avionics product support by Aviation International News for the 20th consecutive year. Being consistently recognized for unrivaled support year after year highlights our strategic focus on taking care of customers and standing behind our products. Also, we recently announced a long-term agreement to provide state-of-the-art G3000 integrated flight decks to BETA Technologies for its all-electric aircraft. Year-to-date, revenue from aviation has increased 11%, and we are very pleased with this result. As a reminder, we faced significant supply chain constraints in 2022 that shifted revenue into the final quarter of the year, as we caught up on back orders. We do not expect these conditions to repeat in 2023. With this in mind, we are maintaining our 5% growth estimate for the full year, implying that fourth quarter revenue from aviation will decrease approximately 10% year-over-year. Turning to the marine segment. Revenue decreased 7% to $182 million, with decreases across multiple product categories, partially offset by contributions from JL Audio. As many have reported, the marine market has slowed in 2023, but we’ve been performing better than the market, and our third quarter performance exceeded our expectations. Gross and operating margins were 52% and 13%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $24 million. During the quarter, we launched the GPSMAP 9000 series in multiple sizes, including the 27-inch GPSMAP 9227 that was recognized with an Innovation Award at the recent International Boatbuilders’ Exhibition. For the ninth consecutive year, the National Marine Electronics Association named Garmin Manufacturer of the Year, and we received five Product of Excellence awards. We were also recognized as the Most Innovative Marine Company by Soundings Trade Only, a leading marine trade publication. We recently completed the acquisition of JL Audio, an iconic premium audio brand that extends our ability to offer highly integrated audio features across all of our marine product lines. Given the better-than-expected third quarter performance and the addition of JL Audio, we’re updating our expectations for 2023. We now expect full year marine segment revenue to be approximately flat to the prior year. During the fourth quarter, we expect JL Audio to be approximately 15% of total marine segment sales. Moving finally to the auto OEM segment. Revenue increased 59% to $110 million, a third quarter record with growth primarily driven by increased shipments of domain controllers to BMW. Gross margin was 21% and the operating loss narrowed to $14 million. During the quarter, domain controller deliveries continue to ramp across the BMW lineup. We also experienced strong growth in infotainment categories, with contributions from Yamaha Motorsports and Honda motorcycles. Given the strong year-to-date performance, we now expect auto OEM revenue to grow approximately 40% for the year. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I’ll begin by reviewing our third quarter financial results, provide comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes and updated guidance. We posted revenue of $1,278 million for the third quarter, representing a 12% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 57%, a 100 basis-point decrease from the prior year quarter. The decrease was primarily due to segment mix, partially due to product mix in certain segments. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 35.9%, a 190 basis-point decrease. Operating income was $270 million, a 13% increase. Operating margin was 21.2%, a 20 basis-point increase. Our GAAP EPS was $1.34. Our pro forma EPS was $1.41, 14% increase from the prior year. Next, we’ll look at our third quarter revenue by segment and geography. In the third quarter, we achieved record consolidated revenue and growth in 4 of our 5 segments, led by double-digit growth in both the fitness and auto OEM segments. By geography, Americas and EMEA regions achieved solid growth of 12% and 15%, respectively, while the APAC region achieved solid growth of 8%. Looking next at operating expenses. Third quarter operating expenses increased by $27 million or 6%. Research and development increased $13 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs. SG&A increased $12 million compared to prior quarter, primarily to increases in personnel-related expenses and information technology costs. Advertising expense increased primarily -- approximately $2 million, primarily due to higher co-op advertising spend. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended quarter with cash and marketable securities, approximately $2.8 billion. Accounts receivable of $721 includes the addition of JL Audio and was in line with the year-over-year increase in sales. Inventory balance increased year-over-year to $1.4 billion -- to execute our strategy to optimize inventory, reductions to our consumer inventory more than offsetting increases associated with our auto OEM business, the addition of JL Audio inventory. During the third quarter of 2023, we generated free cash flow of $312 million, a $208 million increase from the prior year quarter, primarily due to a lower use of cash purchase of inventory. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $46 million. We now expect full year 2023 free cash flow to be approximately $900 million. During the third quarter, we paid dividends of approximately $140 million. Also, we purchased $9 million of company stock and approximately $18 million remaining at quarter end share purchase program which was authorized through December of 2023. Pro forma effective tax rate was 7.2% compared to 4.3% in the prior year quarter. Year-over-year increase was primarily due to income mix by jurisdiction. Turning next to our full year guidance. We estimate revenue of approximately $5.150 billion compared to our previous guidance of $5.50 billion. We expect gross margin to be approximately 56.7% compared to our previous guidance of 57.2%. The change is primarily due to the anticipated full year segment mix, the mix of increased sales of newly acquired JL Audio, which has expected gross margin lower than the marine segment average. We expect an operating margin of approximately 19.8%. Also, we expect a pro forma effective tax rate of 8.5%, which is unchanged from our previous guidance. This results in expected pro forma earnings per share of approximately $5.25, which includes approximately $0.05 dilutive impact related to a newly acquired JL Audio, which is unfavorably impacted by effects of purchase accounting. This concludes our formal remarks. Sarah, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Maybe if we just start at higher level. Cliff, you’ve raised the auto OEM growth rate guidance twice in the last two quarters. For this year, you’re now anticipating 40% growth. Does that stronger 2023 outlook for auto OEM imply that you kind of are already ahead of your $800 million 2025 target? Like, is this pull forward? If you could just help us kind of unpackage how we should be thinking about the trajectory of this business over multiple years? How that’s changed given your outperformance this year? And then, I have a follow-up. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: I think the demand from the automakers basically is certainly not a guarantee at the beginning of the year. So, we make estimates based on their best estimates, but things ebb and flow throughout the year. So this really is just the tweaking of their build plans and their demands for our product as the year goes along. And I don’t really see this as a pull forward or puts or takes from the overall growth outlook that we’ve provided.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That’s helpful. And then maybe I’ll stay on auto OEM for my second question. And we’re seeing some nice improvement in your auto OEM OpEx base. Gross margins were down, I think, 240 basis points sequentially, but you saw operating margins improved more than 400 basis points sequentially. So I guess, if I do the simple math and say, if you continue this trajectory, you could see the auto OEM business turn to an operating profit by midyear next year. Just curious if that’s how we should be thinking about kind of the linearity of the auto OEM margin improvement, or how we should be -- how you would change kind of the math that I just laid out or the trajectory that you guys are thinking about? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. At the beginning of the year, we said that our target was for profitability in 2024, and we’re still progressing towards that. I’m not sure that I would put a lot of weight in the linearity because with model changeovers and new models coming on and the timing of those being somewhat unpredictable, the linearity from quarter-to-quarter probably doesn’t allow to extrapolate directly to mid next year. But we’ll provide more updates at the beginning of 2024 when we have a chance to evaluate the full year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joseph Cardoso with JPMorgan.
Joseph Cardoso: So first one for me is just on the marine business. Last quarter, you talked about softness building in that business on the back of general macro headwinds and the strong couple of years you guys had. I guess, can you just clarify how that has tracked versus your expectations 90 days ago, just given that now you’re including JL in the business mix? And just any updated thoughts on that business on a go-forward basis as you think about a trough? Thanks. And then, I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: So definitely, at the beginning of last quarter, July into August, there was a real marked seasonality, I guess, is what we would say in the marine activity. And I would probably attribute that, at this point, looking back as being back to the norms that we saw pre-pandemic for deep seasonality in the early part of Q3. As we moved into September, things definitely got better in the market, and then we acquired JL towards the back half of the month of September. So, things progressively got better as we went along, but the headwinds that I’ve mentioned about the marine market continued to be out there. The market has softened. I think everyone is reporting that and the behaviors of customers have definitely changed from what they were a year or two ago.
Joseph Cardoso: That’s super helpful. And then just relative to the JL acquisition itself, how are you thinking about the levers you have to drive margins in that business to track to the marine level average, post or pre the acquisition? Is it more of a volume play for you, or do you have additional actions you can take to drive margins to improve in that business? And any thoughts around time line of when you can kind of get those margins up to like the historical corporate average? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: I think, in general, this category probably will still be on the lower end of the overall segment. But we do have ways that we can improve it over time. As you say, leverage is one of those things, leverage in terms of our overall purchasing power as a company as well as operational leverage and efficiencies and taking advantage of the broader Garmin infrastructure. So, those are the things we’re focused on as we get immediately into this. And over time, we should be able to bring it up closer to what our audio categories are currently.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of George Wang with Barclays.
George Wang: Just kind on the buyback and capital allocation, just given the kind of cash balance over $2.8 billion. Just noticed kind of buyback wasn’t that large last quarter. Just curious if the philosophy, kind of thinking has changed just on the capital allocation front, especially on the buyback and also additional kind of bolt-on, if any, on the horizon.
Doug Boessen: Yes. Our priorities for cash are the same. Those priorities are, obviously, reliable dividends; second of which is investments back in our business, primarily CapEx weighted to build our infrastructures; and third of which relates to our strategic acquisitions such as JL Audio. And then also due to a share repurchase. So, as it relates to share repurchases, we do have an authorization through the end of this year, about $18 million there. And that’s -- and we have our purchases really based upon the market, the business conditions as such. So, similar type priorities for allocations and consistency of how we’ve gone through the share buybacks.
George Wang: Okay. Got you. I just had a quick follow-up. Just in terms of outdoor, it seems kind of tougher compare year-over-year basis, kind of timing for the product launch. Just curious if you can double click on the segment versus your prior expectation, maybe a little bit weaker on the margin? Just curious, any refresh on the horizon for the fēnix -- next fēnix watch?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think, George, it was similar to what we mentioned in our remarks that last year was an incredible year with the introduction of the fēnix 7 and epix. And this year, the timing of our refreshes of that product line came later than we had anticipated. So definitely comping against what we saw in 2022 was difficult. But, we are positive about our new product lines. They’ve been received well and generated growth in this last quarter. And we’re seeing strength across other product lines in this segment as well. In terms of future outlook, we don’t really comment on the next generations, but we’re constantly refreshing our product road maps. And I would anticipate next year to have very strong product releases.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein of Bank of America.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Jordan on for Ron. So I just had a quick question. Could you guys give any commentary on current backlog and then channel inventory that you guys are seeing going into like the holidays?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think backlog-wise, Jordan, we aren’t a business that really has a long backlog because retailers tend to put in their orders closer to when they need them. But the indications that we have from retailers are that they see potential for the fourth quarter selling season. They’re preparing for a good season, and the channel inventories up to this point have been adequate or lean even. So, they’re gearing up for a good shopping season.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Ben Bollin: Cliff or Doug, I’m curious on your bigger picture perspective on outdoor and fitness gross margins. If you look back pre-COVID, we still haven’t quite recovered to the gross margin level seen in ‘17 and ‘18. Just curious how you think about the opportunity to return to those levels in the higher-end wearables categories? And then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think there’s so much has happened between then and now that it would be hard to really build a bridge from where we were back then in terms of margin structure to now. I would say that the product mix probably has a big part of that. And so, as the segment ebbs and flows in terms of various categories, the gross margin will vary accordingly.
Ben Bollin: Okay. And then the other question for you, Cliff, is a bigger picture also. How you think about more opportunities with recurring revenue? You’ve talked about lower arm [ph] and inReach, and it seems like that’s expanded. Curious if you see other opportunities to pursue maybe M&A in the app space or other content space, introduce your own? Just high-level thoughts on that.
Cliff Pemble: We’re looking across all of the things that we offer as a company, including content and are looking for ways that we can monetize that into value-added services for our customers. Some recent examples of that are marine chart subscriptions that come with our chartplotters and also outdoor maps that we can bundle with all of our products really that focus on the outdoor segment. So, we’re looking more organically at that and not necessarily at M&A, but we do have a lot of opportunities where we can leverage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor with Longbow Research.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Joe Nolan on for David. So, I’m not expecting any sort of quantitative guidance or anything, but I was just hoping you could talk high level about some of your initial thoughts for 2024? And just maybe how conversations are going with customers regarding 2024?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think, unfortunately, I really can’t provide much color because, as I mentioned earlier, we’re -- most of our business lines are shorter cycle, meaning that retailers are focused now on Q4. And we really haven’t had a lot of discussions around what they’re thinking for next year. So, again, I would just look generally at the momentum we have right now and generally, favorable indications we’re getting for fourth quarter as indications that hopefully business will continue to be good into 2024.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Okay. And then just a quick follow-up. With the UAW strike, just can you talk about what sort of -- what impact, if any, that’s having on your guys business?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. There’s really no impact that we’ve had from that event. Most of our OEM customers are outside of the Big 3 that were affected by that. So, that’s not something that’s affected us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Noah Zatzkin with KeyBanc.
Noah Zatzkin: Maybe just one for me on the stronger-than-expected trends in fitness. Hoping you could provide some color around the drivers. And maybe any larger trends at play as you see them that are driving better-than-expected performance in fitness, maybe relative to expectations a quarter or two ago? Then I have a quick follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Noah, the big driver really is, as we mentioned in the remarks, wearables have been very strong. And that’s across all of the wearable families in fitness, from running watches to the advanced wearables to even basic wearables. So, everything there has been strong. Other categories in the segment were also very strong. We saw strength across the whole segment really. So it definitely was much better than what we had anticipated earlier in the year, as our new products came to market and they were well received.
Noah Zatzkin: And then, maybe just one on marine EBIT margins. I think 13% down sequentially, quite a bit. So just hoping you could provide some color on kind of the puts and takes there? And then, how to think about margins relative to historical next quarter given the addition of JL Audio?
Doug Boessen: Yes. So relating to those margins, obviously, the decline in sales had an impact on us, obviously, deleveraging on our expenses. Also relating to the gross margins, we did -- as we previously talked about, with JL Audio in there, that’s a lower gross margin than the marine average. So, that did have an impact on it also. So, it’s really just a combination of that gross margin and some product mix in our marine organic business there as well as the sales output. Then on an ongoing basis, as it relates to JL Audio, we should see -- as Cliff talked about, as it relates to our gross margins, they are lower. So there’ll probably be some dilution of that as we go, but hopefully, we’ll be able to get some synergies and opportunities, get those improved as we move along.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial Partners.
Ivan Feinseth: Congratulations again on the great results and the increased outlook. On the acquisition of JL, you talked about expanding the marine audio, but what about do you think some opportunities for you to integrate this in automotive OEM audio? And then recently, another company launched a headset, a bone induction headset. Do you think there’s opportunity to expand in some of the consumer product audio areas?
Cliff Pemble: JL Audio already has a fairly broad market reach across several markets, including, of course, marine is one of the biggest. But they also have products for aftermarket audio as well as power sports and home audio. And so consequently, they’re pretty diverse, which is exciting, gives us some opportunities to explore some new areas. And I think each one of those has their own nuances. I think aftermarket audio is a very specific kind of play, but the expansion in power sports and also home audio are new areas of business for Garmin.
Ivan Feinseth: And if you went into home audio with them, would you be rebranding? It would be a Garmin brand or a Garmin JL brand?
Cliff Pemble: Well, they’re already in home audio. So they’re currently selling systems right now, subwoofers and things for home theater systems. And so, we intend to continue those business lines and invest in an appropriate level of innovation across their various product lines.
Ivan Feinseth: Very good. And then on the introduction of the new MARQ Carbon. What kind of like uptake are you seeing from, let’s say, people new to the brand or upgrading existing watches? And also because of the much higher price points, are you looking to go into like a different type of marketing platform or different retail distribution for those watches?
Cliff Pemble: I think MARQ Carbon fits in nicely with our overall high-end product line. If you look, especially in adventure watches, starting with the fēnix and epix line, these are premium launches anyway. But customers do appreciate unique materials and unique designs, and that’s why we’ve been successful in carving out our own niche in this huge market. I think as we look at customers and the registrations, they tend to vary by product line, depending on what it is, but we see anywhere from mostly new customers coming into the category to repeat customers. But either way, we’re pleased with the ability to offer a broad product line at low end to high end, to cover as many customers as we can.
Ivan Feinseth: And then on the new ECG functionality on the fēnix -- on the Pro line, is that because you’re able to integrate because of the more advanced sensors that are now in the Pro line, or how broad can you go, let’s say, with that functionality?
Cliff Pemble: I think that’s an indication of the platform capability that we have. We have sensor technology that we design in platforms, and we’re able to move that platform across all different kinds of product lines. And so that the fēnix and the epix Pro series are the ones that receive that latest platform, and we were able to then launch the ECG App for those products as well.
Ivan Feinseth: Then one last question. Do you think that there’s some opportunity at some point to incorporate the SOS functionality of inReach within a watch, just for that one feature?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I can’t comment on specific features, but we’re constantly working on innovations across our product line. So, I always feel like there’s many more great ideas that we need to be working on and lots of opportunity ahead.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is a follow-up from Erik Woodring of Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: I just wanted to ask you, Cliff, because you brought it up earlier, just about your visibility into kind of consumer holiday demand this year. What trends you’re seeing that are emerging that will influence your outlook? And I asked because the guide implies about 10% sequential growth in 4Q for revenue versus normal historical seasonality close to 15% to 20%. So just what the puts and takes are why potentially you might be seeing some subseasonal growth? And if it’s a reflection of the holidays and consumer demand, or if that is the kind of non-consumer pieces of the business?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think every year is probably different. As I mentioned earlier, retailers are positive about what they are anticipating for the fourth quarter. So, we’re definitely gearing up for that. And when we provide these estimates, we definitely want to provide estimates that we have high confidence in. And so, that is how we approach the guidance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
UnidentifiedAnalyst: A quick question, too, on aviation. Are you guys seeing any changes in demand for biz jet products? I know you guys -- in the press release, you said that it was driven by the OEM sales.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think all of the people who report business jet activity are definitely saying that activity remains strong. They’re sitting on big backlogs that they’re trying to fill. And they haven’t dramatically increased production rates, meaning that there’s still a large amount of backlog that has to be worked through over the next few years. So, as a result, that market continues to show promise as we work through that. And I would probably leave the forward speculation about aircraft and demand to them. But in general, there seems to be encouraging demand across all business jet platforms and customers still want these products.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will turn the call back to Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thanks, everyone, for your time today. Doug and I will be available for callbacks throughout the day and talking to many of you. Have a wonderful day. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-02 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. My name is Wallace and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Garmin Limited Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now hand the call over to Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's second quarter 2023 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, segment growth rates, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Teri. And good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported second quarter consolidated revenue of $1.32 billion, up 6% over the prior year, driven by growth in three of our five business segments. Gross in operating margins were 57.5% and 21.5% respectively. And we generated $284 million of operating income in the quarter. GAAP EPS was $1.50 and pro forma EPS came in at $1.45, up 1% over the prior year.  We feel positive about our results for the first half of the year, and are updating our full year 2023 guidance accordingly. We now expect revenue of approximately $5.05 billion, and EPS of $5.15 during the year. Before turning the call over to Doug, I'll provide highlights by segment and then look at what we see ahead.  Starting with the fitness segment, revenue increased 23% to $335 million, driven by broad based growth across all product categories. Gross in operating margins were 52% and 16% respectively, resulting in improved year-over-year operating income of $54 million. During the quarter, we launched the Edge 540 and 840 cycling computers featuring dynamic performance insights, advanced mapping capabilities, and solar charging to help cyclists ride longer, smarter and train more effectively. Given the year-to-date performance and current trends, we now expect fitness revenue to grow approximately 10% for the year.  Moving to outdoor revenue decreased 3% to $448 million, as growth in adventure watches was more than offset by declines in other categories. Gross in operating margins were 63% and 31% respectively, resulting in operating income of $138 million. During the quarter, we launched our next generation fenix 7 Pro Series Pro Series with enhanced performance insights, built-in LED flashlight and additional mapping capabilities. We also launched the epix Pro Series in three sizes, all with bright AMOLED displays and a built-in LED flashlight.  Also during the quarter, we launched the Approach S70 premium golf smartwatch, available in two sizes featuring a bright AMOLED display. And with the built-in barometer for a more accurate reading on how each shot is playing. We expected the first half of the year to be challenging in comparison to the outstanding performance of the prior year.  Given our year-to-date performance and the timing of the adventure watch launches, we now expect outdoor revenue to be approximately flat compared to the prior year.  Looking next at the Aviation segment, revenue increased 6% to $217 million, with growth driven by OEM product categories. Gross and operating margins were strong at 74% and 29%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $63 million. We recently announced the imminent certification of our revolutionary Autoland and Autothrottle systems in select beach craft King Air models, marking the first time we have offered these highly important safety technologies to the retrofit market as well as the first time we have certified our Autoland system in a twin-engine aircraft.  Our Smart Glide system was recently selected for a FLYING Magazine Editor's Choice Award, the 15th time we received this prestigious award. As you can see, our focus on aviation safety technology is unwavering, and I'm proud of what the aviation team has accomplished. We are pleased with how our Aviation segment has performed so far this year. Given the year-to-date performance and the stronger comparable from the back half of 2022, we are maintaining our 5% growth estimate for 2023. Turning next to the Marine segment. Revenue decreased 11% to $216 million, primarily due to the timing of promotions, which benefited Q1 and contributed to the lower revenue from chartplotters in Q2. Gross and operating margins were 56% and 21%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $46 million.  During the quarter, we expanded our trolling motor series to a wider range of boats with the launch of the Force Kraken. This powerful new trolling motor features a pivot style mount for easy installation on a wider range of boats. The Marine market has experienced significant growth in recent years, due to increased interest in boating and fishing driven primarily by the pandemic. The pandemic drivers of this growth have mostly normalized, and we now believe the market faces increasing headwinds caused by higher interest rates and greater economic uncertainty.  While our first half performance was essentially flat to that of the prior year, we see signs that the market is softening, which impacts our revenue outlook for the remainder of the year. With this in mind, we believe the Marine segment revenue will be down approximately 7% in 2023. Moving finally to the Auto OEM segment. Revenue exceeded $100 million of quarterly sales for the first time in our history, increasing 77% primarily driven by shipments of domain controllers to BMW. Gross margin was 24%, and we recorded an operating loss of $18 million driven by ongoing investments as new programs move into production.  During the quarter, we received production approval for a new domain controller for safety-critical instrument cluster functions, which will be incorporated into multiple BMW models throughout the remainder of the year. Given the year-to-date performance, we now expect Auto OEM revenue to grow approximately 35% for the year. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our second quarter financial results, by comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes, updated guidance. We posted revenue of $1.32 billion for the second quarter, representing a 6% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 57.5%, a 120 basis point decrease from the prior quarter. The decrease was primarily due to segment mix. Operating expense as a percent of sales was 36%, a 90 basis point increase. Operating income was $284 million, a 3% decrease. Operating margin was 21.5%, a 210 basis point decrease. Our GAAP EPS was $1.50 pro forma EPS of $1.45. Next, look at our second quarter revenue by segment and geography. During the second quarter, we achieved growth in three of our five segments, double-digit growth in both the Fitness, Auto OEM segments. By geography, Americas region declined 1%, while the EMEA and APAC regions achieved double-digit growth of 11% and 22%, respectively. Looking next, operating expenses. Second quarter operating expenses increased by $39 million or 9%. Research and development increased $22 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs. SG&A increased $13 million compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses, information technology costs. Advertising expense increased approximately $3 million, primarily due to higher media spend. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.8 billion. Accounts receivable increased both year-over-year sequentially to $717 million following the seasonally stronger second quarter.  Inventory balance decreased both year-over-year and sequentially to approximately $1.4 billion. We're executing on our strategy to optimize inventory, the reductions in our consumer inventory increases associated with our auto OEM business.  For the second quarter of 2023, we generated free cash flow of $221 million, $216 million increase in the prior year quarter primarily due to a lower use of cash and purchases of inventory. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $53 million. We expect full year 2023 free cash flow to be approximately $750 million, capital expenditures approximately $250 million.  During the second quarter, we paid dividends of approximately $140 million. Also, we purchased $26 million of company stock at approximately $27 million remaining at quarter-end in the share repurchase program, which authorized through December of 2023. Reported effective tax rate of 8.9% compared to 7.6% prior year quarter. Year-over-year increase in effective tax rate is primarily due to a larger amount of reserve releases in the prior year. Turning next to our full year guidance. We estimate revenue of approximately $5.05 billion repaid to our previous guidance of $5 billion. We expect gross margin to be approximately 57.2%, which is lower than our previous guidance of 57.5% primarily due to anticipated full year segment picks. We expect an operating margin of approximately 20%. We also expect a pro forma effective tax rate of 8.5%, is higher than our previous guidance of 8% due to projected full year income mix by tax jurisdiction. This results in expected pro forma earnings per share of approximately $5.15. This concludes our formal remarks. Wallace, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Joseph Cardoso from JPMorgan.
Joseph Cardoso: Good morning. And thanks for the question. If I take a look at your full year guide for outdoor and fitness, is the implication or the assumption we should make is that we should see typical seasonality heading into the back half? And if so, what's driving your confidence tracking to the seasonal level of demand, just given concerns around overall consumer spending? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think -- Joseph, this is Cliff. I think fitness and outdoor probably should be looked at differently because there's different dynamics in each one of those. In the Fitness segment, we had a very strong first half because of the sell-in of new products, which, of course, won't repeat as much in the second half. In outdoor, we were comping against a very strong first half in the prior year. And moving into the back half, we see stronger results comping with our new products. So each one is different. I think so far, I would say that we don't see signs of the kind of consumer behaviors that are present in some other segments. Each segment probably has a little bit different dynamic, but we believe both of these segments should be strong in the back half.
Joseph Cardoso: Got it. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up. Can you just touch on how much of a benefit you're seeing in your gross margins from moderating headwinds from components and freight and et cetera, some of these elevated costs that we had seen over the past couple of years here in 2Q? And then how much of that is still remaining as you enter the back half of the year? And then, I guess, just quickly, is the largest offset to those tailwinds from easing component costs coming from the increasing mix of auto? Or are there other variables that I should be appreciating here? Thanks for the questions. 
Doug Boessen: Joseph, this is Doug. I'll give you kind of a perspective on gross margins. First, the year-over-year decrease on a consolidated basis was due to a segment mix, and that is based upon where you see fitness and auto OEM, which have a lower gross margin than the consolidated average coming a larger percentage of the total year-over-year.  As some of the other components, there's a lot of different moving parts within gross margin, but you mentioned freight. Yes, we are seeing some favorable freight and that favorable freight is due to two pieces, one of which is its lower ever rates as well as we're shipping a larger percentage of our products ocean versus air. So that's offset by other factors, including a product mix within the segments. So with each one of the segments, each one of the products you have a different gross margin there depending upon how that mix is one quarter versus the other quarter, that does impact that in there.  So there's a lot of different moving parts in there. And also as it relates to freight, I think you mentioned a question what for the future, so we've seen some good benefits in freight year-over-year. We would expect that year-over-year benefit to decrease just because we saw some of the freights come down toward the back half of the year. But we should -- we're not expecting the overall rates to change that much, but the year-over-year favorability and the year-over-year gross margins will decrease.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben from Cleveland Research. Please goa head with your question.
Benjamin Bollin : Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Cliff, I was hoping you could talk through how we should think about the profitability glide path within the auto OEM business. You've got really remarkable year-over-year growth and really not much movement on the EBIT line. So at what point does that start to scale? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Good morning, Ben. I would definitely say the results in at OEM are getting better. I think the operating loss was cut by third this last quarter on a year-over-year basis. So we're seeing improvements. I think there's gives and takes every quarter as the business is somewhat dynamic in the forecast from OEMs changes according to their business conditions. But in general, I would say we're on the path that we expected.
Benjamin Bollin: Okay. If you look at -- there's been some headlines out there perhaps for Doug, on what's happening in Switzerland with the global minimum tax? Could you share any ways we should think about this, how an Ackman or when the federal accountant may do something, how this could influence potential tax rate into the future?
Doug Boessen: Yes, Ben. Yes, we don't give future guidance on our ETR beside the current year. But you're correct. There are some global minimum tax legislation out there. And with that, it's stating basically a minimum tax of 15%. So if that gets enacted, that would basically have our tax rate at least 15%.  Now I should say that there's a lot of moving parts in our effective tax rate that may impact that also relating to income by mix, reserve for leases and such. But yes, depending on what -- how that the legislation and when it's enacted, the situation is that our effective tax rate would be at 15% or possibly even higher.
Benjamin Bollin: That's great. And then my last question, looking at the Marine business, Cliff, could you talk to how -- you talked about softer expectations in the back half, but any thoughts on how aftermarket versus new boat delivery play into that? Are they both softening, one worse than another? Just any thoughts there? And that's it for me. Thank you.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think there's a few moving pieces in what's going on in marine. I would say that from the midrange on up in terms of both sizes, the market is still very healthy and both from the OEM and aftermarket perspective, it seems like the weakness is more from the lower -- mid-range to lower end. And of course, new boat buying activity generates both refits and equipment added to the boat at the time of purchase.  So these are the things that are just all coming into play. And another factor really is this seasonality that we're seeing return that we haven't seen over the course of nearly four years now. So I think there's a lot of dynamics. I believe the market is still a very, very good market. It's one of the last ones to really show this normalization that we've seen in every other market. And we expected that it would come, but it's with us now. And I think going forward, we'll concentrate on new products and driving growth through innovation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of George Wang from Barclays. Please go ahead with your question. 
George Wang: Thanks for taking my question. Firstly, can you comment on the buyback prospects just given incremental higher free cash flow kind of healthy business profile? Just curious if the strategy in terms of capital return has changed. I noticed kind of buyback ticked lower in 2Q. Just curious if any color on that.
Doug Boessen: So is the question regarding the buybacks?
George Wang: Yes.
Doug Boessen: Yes. Basically, we'll evaluate our share repurchase just based upon the business and market conditions. The situation is we have a $300 million authorization through the end of '23, we have $26 million, $27 million of that remaining. It was really just based upon business conditions and market conditions.
George Wang: Okay. Great. Just if I can, I can squeeze in a quick follow-up. But just can you comment on the backlog and the channel inventory, really two parts kind of on the industrial business, kind of marine and aviation incrementally weaker. You mentioned that it's more seasonal for the marine. Can you comment on the backlog across marine and aviation? Also, any thoughts on the channel inventory on the fitness and kind of wearable side of the business?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think backlogs have come down a lot, and most of that is due to the easing supply chains that we've seen allowing us to fill the orders much faster than we were last year for both aviation and marine. I think some of those dealers across aviation and marine in the past year were interested in keeping more safety stock on their shelves because they wanted to make sure they could serve customers coming into the shops. And as lead times have come down, they have relaxed a little bit their concern over being able to serve their customers. So that's also part of the moving pieces that we're seeing as things normalize in both aviation and marine. I would say that the channel inventory is mostly healthy. And as we go forward, it will be replenishment type of activity that goes on.
George Wang: Okay, great. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David McGregor from Longbow Research. Please go ahead, with your question.
David MacGregor : Yes. So, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Cliff, just a question on the automotive OEM and just go back to a previous question on this. Just trying to think about profitability and trying to understand the economics around this business. But is there any way to separate the start-up costs and kind of the one-times and the ramp-up costs from the profitability of the volume that you are shipping?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I mean, we also look at that. That really relates to building scale in the business as revenues increase. We haven't really talked about those kinds of number externally because we're a company that focuses on true GAAP financials. So we include all of our costs as are expensed, and we all try to make our -- all of our businesses profitable and perform well on that basis.
David MacGregor: Okay. And how are you thinking about second half revenues for the automotive OEM in your annual guidance?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I mean I think we raised our guidance outlook for the full year, reflecting strength that we've seen in the business and acceleration into the back half. So that reflects our current view of the business.
David MacGregor: Okay. You mentioned that you'd added another controller program. I'm just wondering if it's possible that we will continue to see program additions. Or do you just ship under the programs that you have now?
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think these devices are being incorporated across model lines. And so that takes some time, and it's dependent on BMW's own engineering work and scheduling into production. So we're basing our forecast on what we have been told for their production plan for cars containing our devices.
David MacGregor: Okay. Thanks for that. And then my follow-up question is really around the discussion of promotional expectations for the rest of the year. And obviously, there's a seasonal pattern at play here, but I'm just wondering how you're thinking about your required spending on promotional programs and promotional support into the second half of the year versus second half of last year?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think we expect it to be more like normal than ever before in recent memory. We've seen this trend in recent quarters where the markets are returning to the level of promotions and discounting and sales that we saw in the past. So we're expecting that. It will probably be very similar to what we've seen over the past year. Honestly, it kind of more normalized even last year. So that's what we expect going forward is really a normal cadence.
David MacGregor: Thanks very much. Good luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth from Tigress Financial. Please go ahead, with your question.
Ivan Feinseth : Thank you for taking my questions. And congratulations on the great automotive OEM progress. Can you go into a little detail about the opening of the first B analytics lab and like what your expectations are and what you think you can gain from that? And also since everybody is talking about AI, what are your thoughts on how AI can help product -- your product development and product functionality?
Clifton Pemble: I think the first B lab reflects our commitment to ongoing research and innovation in the area of biometrics and performance for athletes as well as wellness features in our products. So we continue to invest in that area, and it's something that's important to us to differentiate our products from others.  In terms of AI, we've been using AI techniques in our products and in our algorithms on both cloud-based applications as well as on our devices for quite a while. We continue to see this trend, and we continue to develop our capabilities in that area as well. I think in terms of how we deploy that in the company, there's probably a mixed bag of responses there that I would say. Some of it is good and can be helpful to us in productivity and other applications of AI that have been broadly discussed in the media may not be for us. But in general, we're approaching it with prudence.
Ivan Feinseth: Then one last question. A lot of your new products that you've introduced like the recent golf watch have come with a delineation on the application for an upgrade and a subscription. Can you give me your views or outlook on as far as creating subscription revenue and tiering the functionality and pricing for some of your apps?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think what you're seeing reflects our intentional strategy to increase revenues from subscription-based sources. And so the golf apps [ph], our tax trainers, inReach, aviation databases, outdoor maps, all of these things are playing into our desire to increase revenues from recurring sources.
Ivan Feinseth: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, with your question. 
Erik Woodring : Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. A few, if I may. The first one, I know it's early, but can you maybe just give us some color on customer reception to the new epix Pro and the new fenix 7 Pro series launched in the quarter? And I would just love if you can kind of weave that into your sense of what the health of the consumer is? Are you seeing demand stabilize?  Are you seeing demand from upgrades versus existing upgrades versus new customers? Any difference there? And then any pricing sensitivity you're hearing from the customer? So just an overall read on the customer and how it's impacting some of these new product launches? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Okay. Yes. So the launch of those two new families, the epix Pro and the fenix 7 Pro, I think, went very well. We feel like the sell-through as indicated through our registrations is going exactly as we had planned. And I think we're seeing very similar trends as what we've seen in the past in terms of mix of new customers and existing customers that upgrade.  So I think I would say that all is pretty much as we would expect and as what we've seen in the past on those two product lines, really no sensitivity from the consumer in terms of softness there relative to any economic issues. I think the question of the consumer health is really depends on the product line that you're talking about. And those products are definitely higher-end products that target more affluent customers. So we feel like everything there is going as we had planned.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe just to follow up on your comments on the marine business, Cliff. I kind of understand the dynamics that you walked us through between the strong first quarter and a bit weaker second quarter. But can you maybe just elaborate on exactly what's going on in the market? And the only reason I say that is I know you called out interest rates and macro concerns as headwinds. But neither of those dynamics are necessarily new. And so just curious, from your perspective, what are you seeing over the last 90 days that has really changed your view from this market growing to this market declining? Thanks so much.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think our view is really based on all of the latest data that we see and also talking to all of our retailers and distributors. There's definitely pockets of strength in the market. But increasingly, we're seeing some feedback that there's some hesitancy on the part of some customers who, in the past, felt like they had much more money to spend who maybe now don't or are faced with very high interest rates at their financing a purchase and can't buy it with cash. So these are the kind of initial signs that we're seeing that just want to cause us to be a little bit more cautious for the back half.
Erik Woodring: And maybe if I could just ask one follow-up to that. After just kind of talking about the higher-end products on the consumer side being okay. As it relates to the comments that you just made about hesitancy from customers and what you said earlier in Q&A. Am I correct that, that's largely at the lower end where there might be more economic sensitivity versus the higher end, that might be a bit more resilient, specifically marine?
Clifton Pemble: Yes, that's true.
Erik Woodring: Okay, perfect. That’s it for me. Thanks so much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jordan [indiscernible] from Bank of America. Please go ahead, with your question.
Unidentified Analyst : Good morning. I just had a quick question. For -- like in the macro environment for Europe and Asia, I know sales were up year-over-year for both. But how are you guys thinking about demand when data is coming out that the macro environment is not improving. And I don't know how are you guys looking at that for the full year?
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think each geography has its own particular situation. And Asia is a big place. So some countries are doing very well and doing well with our new releases, while in some -- in other cases, maybe the economies aren't so good, specifically China. We're not completely dependent on 1 country in Asia for our results. So the diversity of our markets there allow us to show the results that we have. Similarly, in EMEA, I think they're probably on a different time line when it comes to their economic progress. And so when they were a little softer early on, they've been a little stronger, especially as we've introduced some of these new products.
Unidentified Analyst : Right. Okay. And then the only other question I had, too, was on the increase in advertising spend, is it just actually running more promotions or its stronger discounts?
Doug Boessen: Yes. This is related to media spend, primarily relating to the new product launch that we had. So a lot of that media spend is really tied to -- we have new products, making sure that we get to see a message out to our consumers.
Clifton Pemble: And advertising is really the -- advertising is an item related to the specific promotion, as Doug said, of awareness of the product, not necessarily the discounting of the direct itself.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. Thank you. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ms. Teri Seck, I'll turn the call back over to you.
Teri Seck: Thanks for your time today. And Doug and I are available for callbacks. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, you may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-03 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Garmin Limited First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's first quarter 2023 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, segment growth rates, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may or may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at any time and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company's business results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today's date. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Teri and good morning, everyone. As reported earlier today, consolidated first quarter revenue came in at $1.15 billion which is down 2% from the prior year. Four of our 5 business segments posted double-digit revenue growth driven by new product introductions and solid demand trends which mostly offset an expected decline in outdoor. Gross margin improved to 56.9%, driven primarily by lower freight costs. We generated $197 million in operating income, down 14% from the prior year and operating margin came in at 17.2%. We feel positive about our first quarter results which are consistent with the expectations we communicated in February. As such, we are maintaining the full year guidance issued in February, calling for revenue of $5 billion and EPS of $5.15. It's important to remember that Q1 is typically the lowest seasonal quarter of our financial year and much of the year lies ahead of us. Our diversified business model offers many different paths to achieve our goals and we believe we are on track to do just that. Before turning the call over to Doug, I'll provide highlights by segment and a summary of what we see ahead. Starting with fitness, returned to growth with revenue increasing 11% to $245 million, driven by strong demand for advanced wearables, especially running watches introduced during the past year. Gross and operating margins were 49% and 4%, respectively, resulting in improved year-over-year operating income of $11 million. During the quarter, we launched the Forerunner 265 and Forerunner 965 which combine advanced training metrics, recovery insights and everyday health stats with a vibrant sunlight readable AMOLED display that does not sacrifice battery life. Moving to outdoor. Revenue decreased 27% and to $329 million, primarily due to year-over-year declines in the adventure watch category as we passed the 1-year anniversary of the highly successful Phoenix 7 Epic and Instinct 2 launch. Gross and operating margins were 62% and 23%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $77 million. Our adventure watches are known for the rugged dependability, long battery life and rich biosensing capabilities that enable their use in demanding applications. During the quarter, we announced that the Phoenix 7 will be worn on the upcoming Polaris Dawn Spacelight mission to provide insights into the impact of space travel on the human body. Also during the quarter, we launched new handheld devices with the introduction of the GPSMAP 67 series and eTrex SE. These versatile handhelds offer longer battery life, improved positional accuracy and global communication via inReach satellite technology. We recently announced the DRIVE 53 GPS navigator featuring a high-resolution capacity of touch screen display, a fresh new design and built-in traffic options to simplify the drive. We also announced the zumo XT2, a rugged motorcycle navigator that's built for adventure, with a larger and brighter 6-inch sunlight readable display. We expected the first quarter of the year to be challenging in comparison to the outstanding performance of the prior year. We believe these trends will moderate as we introduce new products throughout the remainder of the year. Looking next to the aviation segment, revenue increased 22% to $214 million, with contributions from both OEM and aftermarket product categories. Gross and operating margins were strong at 72% and 27%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $58 million. During the quarter, we announced additional certifications for our GFC autopilots which expands our addressable market, bringing the performance and safety enhancing benefits of our flight control technology to more aircraft models. We also recently attended the Embraer Suppliers Conference, where we were named best supplier in the categories of systems as well as services and support for our G3000 flight deck in the Phenom 100EV and 300E aircraft. In addition, we were named the best of the best supplier to the entire Embraer organization. We also received an Operational Excellence Award from Airbus Helicopters. These prestigious awards are an affirmation of our reliable performance during the supply chain crisis and reflect our strong commitment to providing the best products and outstanding service to our customers. I'm very proud of what our aviation team has accomplished and believe there is much more we can achieve in this market. We are pleased with how our aviation segment has performed so far this year. The supply chain disruptions of the prior year appear to be mostly behind us, while demand for new aircraft and retrofit systems remains resilient. Marine segment delivered another quarter of impressive results with revenue increasing 10% to $279 million, primarily due to the timing of spring promotions. Gross and operating margins were 54% and 26%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $72 million. During the quarter, we expanded our strong lineup of chartplotters with the introduction of the ECHOMAP UHD2 series which are preloaded with premium Garmin Navionics-plus cartography and offer wireless data sharing of live sonar and navigation information with other chartplotters on the boat. Also during the quarter, we were recognized as the leader in navigation and sonar categories by Best Marine Electronics and Technology and for the fifth consecutive year, received a 2023 Top Product award from Boating Industry Magazine. Moving finally to the Auto OEM segment. Revenue increased 11% to $81 million, primarily driven by increased shipments of domain controllers to BMW. Gross margin was 28% and we recorded an operating loss of $20 million driven by ongoing investments as new programs move into production. During the quarter, we began deliveries of domain controllers for the 2024 BMW X5 and X6 from our [indiscernible] Kansas facility which represents an important milestone in expanding our manufacturing capability to serve world-class automakers. We also expanded our footprint in the 2-wheel market with the launch of an entertainment system for additional models of Yamaha sport touring motorcycles. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our first quarter financial results, provide comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $1.147 billion for the first quarter, representing 2% decrease year-over-year. Gross margin was 56.9%, 40 basis point increase from the prior quarter. It was primarily due to lower freight costs. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 39.7%, 270 basis point increase. Operating income was $197 million, 14% decrease. Operating margin was 17.2%, 230 basis point decrease. Our GAAP EPS was $1.05 and pro forma EPS was $1.02. Next, look at our first quarter revenue by segment and geography. In the first quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in 4 of our 5 segments, led by the aviation segment, strong growth of 22%, followed by the fitness, Auto OEM segments 11% growth and the Marine segment with 10% growth. Outdoor segment declined 27%, primarily due to lower revenue from adventure watches as they compare against a strong first quarter of 2022 launches. By geography, 7% growth in Americas was more than offset by a 12% decline in APAC, a 10% decline in EMEA, both were negatively impacted by foreign exchange rates during the quarter. Looking next at operating expenses. First quarter operating expense increased by $22 million or 5%. Such a development increased approximately $12 million year-over-year primarily due to engineering personnel costs. SG&A increased approximately $13 million compared to prior year quarter, primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses, information technology costs. Our advertising expense decreased approximately $4 million, primarily due to lower co-op advertising. Key highlights from the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.7 billion. Accounts receivable increased year-over-year but decreased sequentially to $611 million following the seasonally strong fourth quarter. Inventory increased year-over-year and decreased sequentially to approximately $1.5 billion as we continue to work to optimize inventory levels. We anticipate 2023 ending inventory balance were relatively flat year-over-year, expected declines in our consumer inventory are offset by expected increases associated with both our Auto OEM business. For the first quarter of 2023, we generated free cash flow of $232 million, [indiscernible] increase from prior year quarter, primarily due to lower use of cash and purchases of inventory. Capital expenditures for the first quarter of 2023 were $47 million, approximately $13 million lower than the prior year quarter. For the first quarter of 2023, we paid dividends of approximately $140 million. Also, we purchased $41 million of company stock and approximately $53 million remaining at quarter end, the share purchase program which is authorized through December 2023. We put an effective tax rate of 8.8% compared to 10.3% in the prior year quarter. Decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily due to favorable income mix by tax jurisdiction. That concludes our formal remarks. Rob, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of George Wang from Barclays.
George Wang: Just maybe you can unpack if there's any change to the segment [indiscernible] for this year. In the last quarter, you guys talked about the kind of guidance revenue by segment. For example, to expand growth for the outdoor kind of MSD growth for the industrial, just curious if there's any update on that.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. As we mentioned, George, we're not [indiscernible] our guidance. We're reaffirming what we said in February. The first quarter, as we mentioned, is the lowest seasonal quarter of our year, so there's a lot of the year left in front of us. So it's our practice to reevaluate more closer to the Q2 time frame.
George Wang: Okay. And also just a quick follow-up on outdoor, weaker than expected. Can you have impact [ph] kind of any sort of cyclical versus structural from the weakness in the 1Q? Or is it just a function of a tougher compare from a year ago? And any commentary on the channel inventory kind of across wearables and outdoor.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think it was very difficult to predict what the outdoor performance would be because our Q1 of 2022 was so amazingly strong with the incredible launch of the Phoenix 7, the Epics and the Instinct. So it was a little hard to predict but we feel like the general trend was in line with what we expected. I think it's important to note that from a cyclical point of view, we're always introducing new products. And so we expect, as the year goes on, our performance will moderate and improve as those new products come out. And then in general, I would say, from the market standpoint and also the channel inventory, we don't see anything out there that's concerning. We have fantastic products that people want and the inventory and the channel appears to be at the correct levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research.
Benjamin Bollin: Cliff, I wanted to -- the first question for you. Could you share any thoughts you have about the Auto OEM opportunity with BMW? How that -- how you expect that to ramp through the course of the year? And then any thoughts you have on the gross margin and operating margin profile of the business as it gets larger? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Okay. Yes. I think last quarter, Ben, we kind of outlined that we expect a significant ramp over the next 2 to 3 years, the awarded business that we have from BMW and others. Throughout this year, we, of course, expect that the ramp will accelerate into the back half as the new models are introduced and we begin deliveries from 3 different factory locations around the world to BMW's expanding model line that carries our products. In terms of the gross margin, operating margin profile, we've mentioned before, this is more typical Auto OEM structured business. So we would expect gross margins from the segment to gravitate towards the high double digits -- high teens, rather 19%, 20% operating margin and then gross margin and the operating margin would be more in line with the mid- to high single digits.
Benjamin Bollin: Okay. The other question. You touched on inventory in outdoor. Could you share any thoughts you have about channel inventory levels in some of the categories that have been maybe more lean, marine, aviation? Where do you think inventory levels are there? And any thoughts on where that goes? And then, a second question around this maybe a little bit. Have you seen any observations that you could share around smaller go-to-market partners and how they're managing financing either for working capital or their own operations? And that's it for me.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think what we're seeing in marine and aviation is as the supply chain issues have abated, definitely inventories in the channel are getting better. We did struggle some in marine last year quite a bit. In aviation, where we were able to kind of manage the situation to make sure that we kept all of our partners going, things are certainly much better and we see that inventories and the reflection of the past due orders are coming down to more healthy levels. In terms of those smaller partners, we really don't see any concern on -- in terms of them in their financial situations or their working capital. There's always exceptions but in general, it seems like the partners that we work with have healthy businesses.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: Maybe just to pick up on that Auto OEM for starters. When we spoke last quarter, you expected a flat first quarter and then a significant inflection upwards in the second quarter. First quarter up 11%, a good number there. But are you seeing incremental business? Has there been a revision in the production schedule? Or is there something that would drive that better-than-expected result? Or was there -- was this primarily timing and pull forward?
Clifton Pemble: Yes, David, I would probably say right now, it's mostly timing as carmakers ramp up their new model years. And we'll see some variation from quarter-to-quarter as they adjust their plans. They are navigating a very complex supply chain. So sometimes things vary up and down but we try to be flexible and role with what they need from us.
David MacGregor: Okay. If I could just ask about the Marine business. We talked about that briefly a moment ago but I guess I'm just interested in what you're seeing in terms of order patterns early in the season. You mentioned that inventory seemed to be in good balance. I'm just wondering about retail sell-through and anything you're seeing there and then just replenishment of orders that may be coming in and give you some perspective on what to expect in the next couple of quarters.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think the promotions and retail activity that we've had so far in 2023 have been very successful. It shows that there's a lot of enthusiasm on the part of customers to obtain the latest technology and people are certainly excited by the promotions and the ability to obtain the products they want at lower prices. So we feel like that's going very well. In terms of other indicators in the market, I think there are some areas of the OEM market that are starting to slow down a bit in terms of where they were at a very torrid pace that typically tends to be in the lower-end boat ranges and inventories are starting to be more healthy, so people can actually buy some of those off of a lot now. But the mid- to upper range of the market where a lot of the boats are built to order, there's still many back orders as we understand it from our partners and they're still taking orders for those products. So we feel like there's still a lot of demand out there for -- especially the higher-end products.
David MacGregor: Okay, that's good color. Very strong new product introduction calendar here. So congratulations on the progress there. How would you characterize the willingness of retailers to support all that new product introduction with inventory? They seem a little more reticent at this point. Or I noticed you pulled back on -- are you seeing a pullback in cooperative advertising. So I'm just looking to kind of reconcile a couple of these points.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think the pullback in co-op advertising was not a change in strategy by anyone. It was really just a matter of the sales volume that was being pushed last year in our Outdoor segment. So it's squarely associated with the dynamics of that product launch from last year. But there's no change in the commitment of retailers in terms of carrying these products and getting on board with the exciting launches that we have coming up.
David MacGregor: Okay. Last question for me is just on your direct-to-consumer business growth and what you're seeing there.
Clifton Pemble: We're still seeing strong results from our direct-to-consumer. We're seeing growth in both online sales as well as subscriptions and services across the business. So we're very excited about that and we continue to look for ways to differentiate in that area.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Chung from JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: So just on aviation, very strong performance to kind of start the year. I know there were some pushouts into 2Q from 1Q of last year that helped the quarter year-on-year but -- is this the right kind of quarterly run rate of revenues to kind of think about through the year? And can you end on both industry trends which look quite positive for business jet, how pricing has evolved as volume and kind of expanding wallet share per plan? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think in terms of our performance in Q1 as compared to the last year, last year was somewhat uneven by quarter because of supply chain challenges that we had. So we would expect that to smooth out more this year. We've offered our guidance on aviation and we were able to certainly do well in first quarter. I would remind everyone that second quarter of last year was also up and down compared to the first quarter because of the supply chain issue. So we see that evening out. And right now, we feel very comfortable with our guidance and we'll update people after the end of Q2. In terms of the overall market, what we're hearing from our partners is that, again, orders are very strong, tend to be at least even book-to-bill, sometimes even greater book-to-bill. So there's a strong backlog out there and still a lot of people looking to obtain either new or recent model business jets, turboprops and even piston aircraft are in the popular demand. So we continue to see good trends in that area.
Paul Chung: Okay, great. And then on fitness, on the 965, what's been the customer feedback there? I know there's been some extended wait periods for shipments. I assume demand is holding up pretty well? Or is there something else going on? Are you seeing new customers [indiscernible]? Or upgrades from existing users given the kind of attractive AMOLED screen? And did you recognize any benefits for the product in product releases in 1Q? And then on the operating margin side, there's a big dip here similar to last year. What is driving that? I know it's seasonally weaker but typically has been in that mid-teens to 20% in the past. So will this kind of be a recurring 1Q margin hit in fitness kind of moving forward?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think, Paul, with regard to the 965 and 265 launches, what we've seen is that the 965 has been surprisingly popular at the top end of the range. So we see customers gravitating there and the demand has been a little bit stronger than what we had predicted which means that we're scrambling to catch up on some orders and things. But we're very delighted with that and it seems to me that coming into Q1 that the running market has been reinvigorated and we're excited to see that and we have some great products to offer there. In terms of user mix, I mean, specifically on those kinds of products, we tend to see kind of a balance of new users versus existing users. But across our wearables, the situation just varies depending on whether it's more of a consumer product such as our venue series or more of the specialty products like n Forerunner and Phoenix. So in terms of Q1 benefit, we did see some benefit there on these new products. But certainly, as we move into Q2, it should be stronger since we have a full quarter of those products available. And in terms of the profitability, the operating profit, specifically in fitness, it is under pressure for a few reasons. Year-over-year, we are carrying still some excess capacity on the tax side of things which is impacting our results as we work through the normalization of that market. And we did have some obsolescence that we took in the segment associated with some raw materials in the tax area which impacted our results. But our targets for the segment are more of the mid-teens operating profit.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth from Tigress Financial Partners.
Ivan Feinseth: Congratulations on the great cadence of new product launches and the launch of the Phoenix into space.
Clifton Pemble: Thanks, Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth: And so on Automotive OEM, where could we start to see some of the functionality that is contributed by Garmin into various vehicles?
Clifton Pemble: So as we mentioned, we started shipments for 2024 models of the X5 and the X6. So I guess maybe you have to in the state, you might have to wait to see some of those vehicles. We're delivering in Europe to additional models there and also in China.
Ivan Feinseth: Okay. Then on -- a lot of the products you're launching, there more and more coming with like a subscription component like the Plain Sync has a subscription component, where do you see going with that? And also as far as like your robust Connect app that has a lot of functionality to your outdoor and watch products, do you envision at some point creating 2-tiers like a paid level above the free level?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think, Ivan, we are strategically focused on creating some recurring revenue across our product lines where we can offer additional value to our customers for content or services that go along with our products. So Plain Sync and the GDL60 is one example of that. In terms of Connect, as everyone knows, that's a long-standing app and relationship we have with millions of customers that use that every day. As we go forward, we're certainly examining ways that we can provide additional value to those customers as well as revenue opportunities for Garmin. But we're very careful about how we do that because we want to make sure that we don't take anything away from our users and we only provide additional value that they would be delighted with. So we're looking at that but it will take some time, I think, before we arrive at the final answer.
Ivan Feinseth: And then, one last question on the Connect IQ app platform. What are your thoughts on creating a standardized payment process because there are a lot of great apps that are for free but there are a lot of good apps that have a fee but the fee is usually direct to the provider rather than, let's say, a standardized process of just paying Garmin and, let's say, then you pay the provider.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. Yes, I think Connect IQ certainly has a lot more opportunity to build on what is there with monetization and payment capability. We do have mobile payments on our devices and we certainly are looking at ways that we can extend that into a broader payment platform. On our wearables but we do have some work to do in order to put all the pieces together there.
Ivan Feinseth: And congratulations on a great start to the year.
Clifton Pemble: Thanks, Ivan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Maybe if we just start on fitness, realizing you're not updating guidance but you guided to the year down 5%. You started the year up 10%. And the comps are pretty easy throughout the year. So I guess I just want to make sure, is there anything that we -- are there any kind of like speed bumps that we should think of for the rest of the year that would suggest performance is really going to deteriorate through the year? Or is this just kind of like you said at the top of the call, Cliff, a bit of a wait-and-see approach?
Clifton Pemble: Yes, Erik, I would say that going into 2023, it was very difficult to predict what would be the ongoing effect, especially of the indoor trainer market which was one of the biggest impacts that we had in fitness last year. So it's going to take some time, obviously, as we move into 2023 to see what the demand trends are. We're really pleased with what's happened so far, definitely ahead of our expectations. And we certainly don't anticipate that things will go down from here. So -- but we need to see more of the year come in before we can decide what we think the 2023 outcome will be.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Super helpful. And then similar to one of the earlier questions on fitness but this time on outdoor. Obviously, tough comparison in the first quarter but we saw some pretty significant operating margin deleverage there. I believe operating margins were down to an all-time outdoor low. And so can you help us understand what some of those significant margin headwinds are? What is kind of temporary versus permanent? And if a return to kind of like that 30% range is how we should think about normalized operating margins? Or if that's changed and why?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think a few thoughts there. Certainly, with the major change in the product mix within the segment compared to last year, that impacted our leverage and, of course, the sales coming down as well. So that's one factor. I mean this is a very happy problem because the segment is very strong in the upper 20% kind of operating margin. So we would see that improve as we have more new products that get introduced later in the year.
Erik Woodring: Okay, perfect. And then, I guess the last question; just on the Auto OEM business. I appreciate all the color that you've provided first there. One thing I wanted to try to square away was gross margins falling from where they are today to, call it, the high teens but operating margins increasing from where they are today to [indiscernible] like a ton of operating leverage in the business. And so maybe help us gain comfort on why you can see OpEx almost cut more than in half over a span of 12 months? Why there's such significant leverage business in such a short period of time? And that's it for me.
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think it really relates to the scale as the volumes increase. So we're looking for the revenues and the gross profits to contribute to offset the expenses that are there. So that's our plan based on the committed business that we have.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Noah Seskin from KeyBanc.
Unidentified Analyst: I think this is kind of maybe been touched on a bit. But in terms of outdoor declining 27% in the first quarter, I understand seasonality is a component of that. But as we think about the new products launched during the quarter, like how are you thinking about those new products and kind of the cadence of just new launches moving through the year and the kind of ability to lap the anniversarying of the Phoenix 7?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. No, I think we'll have a very strong first half of the year with new product introductions. And then we'll be in a good position in the back half to be able to work with promotions and holiday seasons with these products.
Unidentified Analyst: And then just in general, in terms of the cadence of the different segments in the second quarter, just any color there as we start to model out?
Clifton Pemble: I think we'll be heavily weighted in the front half of the year in terms of introductions in outdoor.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And fitness as well?
Clifton Pemble: There is probably more, I would say, balanced kind of product introduction calendar for fitness across the year. So we had some, obviously, in Q1 and we'll have some throughout the remainder of the year, some really exciting products, I think.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research.
David MacGregor: I just wanted to come back to the comments about lower freight costs. And you attributed the 40 basis points of gross margin improvement to freight. That's roughly $4 million or $5 million by my math, if I've got that correct. Is that how we should think about the benefit in 2Q and going forward until an anniversaries out? Or does that savings actually become a more significant number in 2Q and going forward?
Doug Boessen: Yes. As it relates to the freight costs being lower, there's really 2 things that are driving that, first of which is optimizing some of our shipping method. We're actually shipping a larger percentage of our products, ocean versus air. And then secondly is year-over-year, there is just a lower freight rates. Now, as it relates to the freight expense as a percentage of sales, we expect that to kind of continue for the rest of the year. Now we have to think about it is the comparability of the different quarters as we did see some of those freight rates improved during the year when you think about it on a year-over-year basis. But freight rates are a thing that over the first quarter, we did see a kind of a benefit on.
David MacGregor: Okay. And just a follow-up. I guess, talk about Europe and Asia Pac and just what you're seeing there in terms of consumer behavior, consumer order patterns. Any color you can provide there would be helpful.
Clifton Pemble: I think Europe, we've said before, has tended to be a little more impacted by some of the geopolitical and macroeconomic issues that have been going on. But that said, if you even look at it on a constant currency basis, it's not bad. And I think certainly, Europe is more impacted by the year-over-year dynamics of the Phoenix Epic's launch from last year than other areas. I think Asia is generally as we expect. I think currency impacts are a factor there and, of course, also the year-over-year product introduction cycles.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ms. Teri Seck, I turn the call back over to you for some final closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. As typical, Doug and I are available for callbacks throughout the day. Have a great one. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-22 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Fourth Quarter 2022 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference call is being recorded.  I would now like to hand the conference call over to your speaker today, Teri Seck. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year-end 2022 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. . This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, segment growth rates, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at any time, and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company's business results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today's date. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton Pemble : Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As reported earlier today, consolidated fourth quarter revenue came in at $1.3 billion, which is down 6% from the prior year and consistent with trends we experienced for most of 2022. There are several factors that influenced our results, including the year-over-year strengthening of the U.S. dollar, macroeconomic and geopolitical concerns affecting Europe, and the performance of retailers who focused on inventory control. One bright spot is the performance of our direct sales channel, including garmin.com, which increased by strong double digits and accounted for greater than 10% of total net sales. While our priority is to serve the needs of third-party retail partners, our direct channels are an increasingly important pillar of our go-to-market strategy. Another bright spot is our gross margin performance, which improved 150 basis points over the prior year and exceeded expectations as we benefited from lower freight costs. Our performance in 2022 was solid despite facing a mix of persistent and emerging headwinds affecting the general business environment and consumer behaviors. We reported revenue of $4.86 billion, a 2% decline year-over-year. Revenue was negatively impacted by approximately $228 million due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies. Excluding this impact, revenue would have increased about 2% over the prior year. Our gross margin performance was strong at 57.7% for the year, and operating margin exceeded 21%. As announced earlier this morning, we've combined the product categories of the consumer auto segment with outdoor. I'll provide more context in a moment, but factors considered include the current size and scope of the Consumer Auto segment as well as the expected growth of the Auto OEM segment. We're cautiously optimistic as we turn our attention to 2023. We have a great line-up of new products and additional product launches are planned throughout the year. We anticipate consolidated revenue will increase approximately 3% to $5 billion for the year. In the first quarter, we expect that revenue will decline in line with recent trends as we compare against the strong product launches from the prior year. We expect to return to growth starting in the second quarter as we benefit from planned new product introductions. It's important to remember that we are not focused on quarter-by-quarter or category-by-category performance. Rather, we're focused on delivering solid results year after year by creating highly differentiated products and leveraging our diversified business model. We're proposing a dividend of $2.92, consistent with the prior year, which will be considered by shareholders at the upcoming Annual General Meeting. Doug will discuss financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first, I'll provide highlights on the performance and outlook for each business segment. Starting with Fitness, revenue decreased 28% for the year with declines across all categories. Full year gross and operating margins were 50% and 9%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $105 million. During the quarter, we launched our first LTE-connected kids smartwatch available exclusively at garmin.com. Bounce offers two-way text and voice messaging as well as real-time location tracking. Bounce also tracks activities and steps throughout the day, offers games and allows parents to assign chores and give rewards. We continue to explore new verticals in health and wellness and recently received U.S. FDA approval for a clinically validated ECG app for the Venu 2 Plus smartwatch. This app allows users to record their heart rhythms and checks for signs of AFib. We believe this is an important step towards providing a full line of devices for managing a variety of health conditions. For 2023, we expect revenue to be down approximately 5% in the segment as it stabilizes and as we anticipate the benefit of new product introductions. Moving to Outdoor. Full year revenue increased 17% resulting in record revenue of nearly $1.5 billion for the year. We experienced growth across multiple product categories, led by strong demand for adventure watches. Full year gross and operating margins were 65% and 37%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $556 million. During the quarter, we launched the second-generation MARQ luxury smartwatch featuring a bright AMOLED touchscreen display and premium Grade 5 titanium materials. We also expanded the Instinct product line with the new Crossover, a unique hybrid smartwatch that is fully analoged and fully digital. Looking ahead, we expect the Outdoor segment to grow approximately 2%, which includes contributions from Consumer Auto. We expect the first quarter of 2023 to be challenging as we compare against the strong results from the prior year, which were driven by the launch of the flagship fēnix 7 Series, the Instinct 2 Series and the all new epix. We expect growth to resume starting in the second quarter, driven once again by new product introductions.  Looking next at Aviation, full year revenue increased 11%, with contributions from both aftermarket and OEM categories and as supply chain constraints eased. 2022 was a record year for our Aviation segment with revenue approaching $800 million and exceeding the levels achieved during the ADS-B mandate, which demonstrates our ability to deliver long-term growth in core product categories, such as autopilots, GPS NAVCOM, display systems and services. Full year gross and operating margins were 72% and 27%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $213 million. During the quarter, we announced that L3Harris Technologies has chosen the G3000 tandem integrated flight deck as part of the U.S. Special Operations Command Armed Overwatch Program. The G3000 system will provide the latest communication, navigation, surveillance and air traffic management capabilities for the Sky Warden aircraft. Also, we received EASA approval for the G5000 retrofit integrated flight deck in the Cessna Citation XL and the XLS. We also received FAA supplemental type certificate for the GI 275 electronic flight instrument in the Dassault Falcon 7X business jet. These approvals expand the addressable market for integrated flight decks and standby instrumentation in business jets. The Aviation segment continues to benefit from strong demand for both aftermarket products and new aircraft equipped with integrated cockpit systems. We expect these trends to drive revenue growth of approximately 5% for the year. Turning to Marine. The segment delivered its 10th consecutive year of revenue growth, starting from about $200 million in 2012 and exceeding in $900 million in 2022, which is a new record and represents a compounded annual growth rate of 15%, driven by both market growth and significant market share gains. For 2022, revenue increased 3%, with growth across multiple categories, led by strong demand for sonar systems. Full year gross and operating margins were 54% and 24%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $215 million. During the quarter, we announced that Garmin Navionics+ is now preloaded in certain flagship GPSMAP chartplotters, combining the best-in-class charts from both Navionics and Garmin. Throughout the year, we received multiple accolades and awards, most recently the prestigious IBEX Innovation Award, The National Boating Industry Safety Award and recognition as one of the most innovative marine companies by Soundings Trade Only. Looking forward, we anticipate revenue from the Marine segment will increase approximately 5% for the year, as we leverage our strong market share position with typical marine growth patterns. Moving to the Auto segment. Full year revenue decreased 4% as growth in auto OEM was more than offset by declines in Consumer Auto categories. As mentioned earlier, we recently combined the product categories of Consumer Auto with Outdoor. As many know, we were an early innovator in the consumer automotive market and the hyper growth we experienced in the mid-2000s allowed us to invest in new opportunities and become the strong, highly diversified company that we are today. Looking back in 2008, revenue from the Automobile segment exceeded $2.5 billion and represented more than 70% of our consolidated revenue. Since that time, we've diversified our revenue base and the Consumer Auto segment has evolved into a collection of important specialty categories, many of which target adventure and off-road vehicles that complement the strategic focus of the Outdoor segment. Separately, we believe that the Auto OEM segment has reached a critical inflection point as new programs move into production, driving significant growth over the next few years. We will report auto OEM as a standalone segment starting with fiscal year 2023. This change in segment organization provides an opportunity to discuss why we have chosen to participate in the auto OEM market. The automotive market is undergoing significant transformation as electrification gains momentum. While the industry has many capable suppliers, not all are equipped to meet the demand as the electronic and software content in vehicles rapidly evolves. Our vision is to be recognized as a leading global supplier of integrated electronic solutions to the auto industry. To achieve this vision, we intend to leverage our technology portfolio, our vertically integrated business model and our global manufacturing footprint. Auto OEM revenue is generated from three product categories: Domain Controllers, Infotainment Units and all Other. Explaining a little bit about these categories, domain controllers are remote computing modules that control various systems throughout the vehicle. The BMW program consists primarily of domain controllers for infotainment, instrumentation and rear-seat entertainment. Infotainment units are self-contained systems that include a display and the user control system for functions such as navigation, audio, multimedia and Internet-based apps. We currently supply infotainment units to automakers in Asia and Europe. And finally, the Other category includes a collection of software, map database, cameras, wearables and other revenue lines. Our current customer base includes some of the most respected global automakers including BMW, Toyota, Yamaha, Honda, Daimler, Ford and Geely. We are working with these and many other OEMs on future opportunities. During 2022, Auto OEM revenue increased 11% to $284 million, with growth driven by contributions from new programs. Full year gross margin was 32%, and we recorded an operating loss of $79 million, driven by ongoing investments to complete new programs. This operating loss was $29 million lower than the prior year and was better than expectations due to higher sales and a reduction in development expenses. Late last year, the BMW Group recognized Garmin with a Supplier Innovation Award for our work on the Theatre Screen rear-seat entertainment system offered on the flagship 7 Series automobile. This is a significant achievement considering the complexity of the program, the high expectations of our customer and the fact that we're a relative newcomer to the industry. I'm also pleased to report that during 2022, we secured additional commitments from BMW that increased our total awarded volume by nearly 50% and expanded our supply footprint, which now encompasses the North American region, Europe and China. Looking forward, we expect Auto OEM revenue to increase 30% in 2023. We expect the first quarter to be approximately flat to the prior year with significant growth starting in Q2, driven by the timing of new model launches. Many are wondering about our long-term outlook for the Auto OEM segment and importantly, the pathway to profitability. While we do not provide guidance beyond the current year, we can share our vision for where the Auto OEM segment goes from here. Our long-term projections consider programs currently awarded along with many other assumptions that may or may not materialize. Based only on the business already secured, our projections indicate that we could experience a compound annual growth rate of approximately 40% over the next few years, which, if achieved, would result in 2025 revenue of approximately $800 million. We anticipate much of this growth will be driven by domain controllers that carry a lower gross margin profile, but also generate significant volume leverage as we aim for profitability in 2024. We plan to build on this success with innovation that leads to new opportunities such as the highly acclaimed unified cabin concept we showcased at the recent Consumer Electronics Show. In summary, 2023 marks the beginning of a new era for our Auto OEM segment. The opportunity is significant, the path forward is clear and we're focused on delivering growth and profits in the Auto OEM segment. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results and our 2023 guidance. Doug?
Doug Boessen : Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full year financial results and provide comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes and 2023 guidance.  We posted revenue of over $1.3 billion for the fourth quarter, representing a 6% decrease year-over-year. Gross margin was 57%, a 150 basis point increase from the prior quarter. Increase was primarily due to lower freight costs. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 36.5%, a 370 basis point increase. Operating income was $267 million, 15% year-over-year decrease. Operating margin was 20.5%, 210 basis point decrease from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $1.53, and our pro forma EPS was $1.35, a 13% decrease from the prior year pro forma EPS. Looking at the full year results, we posted revenue of $4.860 billion representing a 2% decrease year-over-year. Gross margin was 57.7%, 30 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 36.6%, 300 basis point increase. Operating income was $1.028 billion, a 16% decrease. Operating margin was 21.1%, 340 basis point decrease from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $5.04, pro forma EPS was $5.13, 12% decrease from the prior year pro forma EPS. Next, our fourth quarter revenue by segment and geography. In the fourth quarter, growth in the Aviation, Marine and Outdoor segments was more than offset by declines in the Fitness and Auto segments, resulting in 6% consolidated decline. By geography, the 4% growth in Americas was more than offset by 17% decline in EMEA, a 9% decline in APAC, which was negatively impacted by foreign exchange rates during the quarter. For the full year 2022, consolidated revenue declined 2% with growth in the Outdoor, Aviation and Marine segments more than offset declines in the Fitness and Auto segments. By geography, we achieved 3% growth both in Americas and APAC, but these increases were more than offset by a 12% decline in EMEA. Looking next, operating expenses. Fourth quarter operating expenses increased by $21 million or 5%. Research and development increased approximately $11 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs. SG&A increased approximately $13 million compared to prior year quarter, primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses, formation, technology costs. Advertising expense decreased approximately $3 million due to lower co-op advertising.  A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, dividends and share repurchase. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.7 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially to $657 million to seasonally strong sales in the fourth quarter and decreased year-over-year. Inventory increased year-over-year to approximately $1.5 billion. The year-over-year increase due to executing our strategy to reduce freight costs through higher mix ocean versus air shipments as well as implications of navigating a challenging supply chain environment, which we've been operating in. As the business environment continues to evolve, we're working to optimize our inventory. As such, we anticipate our 2023 ending inventory balance to be relatively flat year-over-year. The expected declines in our consumer inventory offset by expected increases associated with the growth of our Auto OEM business. During the fourth quarter of 2022, we generated free cash flow of $309 million, $260 million increase from the prior year quarter. For the full year 2022, we generated free cash flow of approximately $544 million, a $161 million decrease from the prior year, which was primarily due to a higher use of cash for inventory income taxes. For 2023, we expect free cash flow to be approximately $700 million or approximately $275 million of capital expenditures. For 2023, we expect to continue to make investments in platforms for growth including continued renovation of our facilities in Taiwan and Olathe IT-related projects. As a result of the additional week in the fourth quarter 2022, we paid two quarterly dividends totaling approximately $280 million. Also, we announced our plan to seek shareholder approval for an annual dividend of $2.92 or $0.73 per share per quarter with our June 2023 payment. 2022, we purchased $207 million of company stock, had approximately $93 million remaining as of year-end, the share repurchase program, which is authorized through December 2023. For full year 2022, we reported an effective tax rate of 8.6%. Pro forma effective tax rate was 7.9%, a 240 basis point decrease from the prior year, primarily due to favorable income mix by tax jurisdiction, increase in U.S. tax deductions and credits. Fiscal year 2023 pro forma effective tax rate is expected to be 8% flat year-over-year. Turning next to our full year guidance. We estimate revenue of approximately $5 billion, an increase of approximately 3% for the prior year. We expect gross margin to be approximately 57.5%, which is relatively consistent to our full year 2022 gross margin. We expect an operating margin of approximately 20.3%. In the full year, pro forma effective tax rate expected to be approximately 8% results in expected pro forma earnings per share of approximately $5.15. This concludes our formal remarks. [Corey], can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] First up, we have Paul Chung with JPMorgan.
Paul Chung : So just first up on Outdoor. Can you talk about some of the drivers that could provide some upside to your guidance here of 2%? I know you have some kind of tough comps in the first half, so if you could kind of expand on price versus volume, benefits, product mix would be helpful? And then Outdoor finishes the year kind of exceeding 50% of operating profit as mix, where do you see that mix trending this year? And as we layer in Consumer Auto, I know this is small, but assume we keep margins kind of in the high 30% moving forward? And I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble : Yes. Good morning, Paul. In terms of potential drivers for upside, we're really not thinking about forecasting some of those. I would just point people back to the history in terms of the segment and our product introduction cadence around wearables, in particular, we have a very active product road map for the year. So we're factoring that in, but also recognizing that 2022 was a banner year for growth in those product lines. So that's really what's affecting our thinking, and that's what we use to create the guidance that we've offered. In terms of Consumer Auto, yes, those product lines are going to continue to have the margin profiles that have historically been disclosed, although we won't be talking about that going forward anymore. But I would say that as Consumer Auto products move to more specialty-driven applications, the margins will definitely come up as we have more unique products there.
Paul Chung : And then just on overall gross margins, I would have thought to see some benefits here from kind of lower component inflation, FX and freight. Can you quantify the impact in '22 kind of related to those costs? And expectations for '23 related to that? And where could you kind of see some upside to initial guide of kind of flattish margins? And then similar question on operating margins. some recovery in Fitness, maybe some pressure on Marine, Auto is still probably a big drag, but where could you see some upside to flattish margin guide here?
Clifton Pemble : Yes. Yes, I'll start maybe with a comment and then hand it over to Doug. But I would say that the 57.5 is a very good initial margin guide and it reflects a lot of benefits that we're seeing in the supply chain, particularly freight, but it's offset also by the growing mix of auto OEM products. So that's kind of the highest level view of how we came up with that 57.5, and then Doug probably has additional comments that you can make on the details.
Doug Boessen : Yes. So yes, Cliffs is correct on the big picture, that's right. So we are expecting some favorability in '23 due to freight costs. We've made a concerted effort to ship a larger percentage of our products on ocean versus air as well as we're seeing the overall freight rates come down. So we did see that come down throughout '22. So there'll probably be a little bit more favorability in the first part than the latter part of the year. And then the other big factor impacting '23 is the segment mix. As Cliff mentioned, the Auto OEM business does have a lower gross margin than average. So as that becomes a larger piece of our total that will cause the gross margin to come down as such. As it relates to FX, if you look at FX euro rate, the average during 2022 was about 1.06, that's about where we are today. It's really difficult to predict that FX in there from that standpoint, but that's just kind of a point of reference as it relates to the FX that in there. And so that kind of gives you a flavor. And maybe I'll give you a little bit also on operating expenses since you have mentioned things about the operating margin. So as it relates -- and these are percentage of sales for the full year. And so when we think about 2023, we expect the total operating expenses probably be up around 60 basis points or so. And looking at the different categories in OpEx there, the first one, advertising. We'd expect that to probably be a little bit lower maybe about 10 basis points or so. That's primarily due to that segment mix, Auto OEM is a bigger piece of the total, which doesn't spend that much on advertising. Then as you move into R&D, that will probably be up, we estimate it, around 30 basis points or so. We'll continue to make investments in innovation on new products as such. And then SG&A, we anticipate up about 40 basis points there we're continuing to build infrastructure, IT expenses to support that growth.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from George Wang at Barclays.
George Wang : I have two. Firstly, can you talk about kind of channel inventory influence your view on the growth for kind of fitness segment for this year?
Clifton Pemble : Yes. Good morning, George. I think in terms of channel inventory, we view that as in a much healthier place as we enter 2023 compared to what it was a year ago. At this time, our sell-in was definitely far below levels of registrations that we saw for our products. So we view that as a signal that the inventory in the channel came down quite a bit.  In terms of our outlook, we're not thinking. Our guide really reflects any more stocking or destocking. We're looking at things as being pretty stable in that regard. And we're simply trying to kind of moderate our outlook based on, obviously, the results that we had in 2022, combined with the new product introductions that we see going forward that should stabilize things.
George Wang : Okay, great. And then my second question is just maybe you can unpack a little more in terms of the areas of kind of product categories where you are taking shares? In the prepared remarks, you talked about you guys are taking share in the Marine segment. Maybe you can give more color just what about the aviation, where you guys have a higher share as well. Just kind of any particular areas you want to call out in terms of share gains?
Clifton Pemble : Yes. I think we -- as we look across our product lines, we have various categories that are super strong in their markets because of the unique differentiators that we offer compared to others. And you've already mentioned that marine and aviation are two major market areas where we're leaders in their respective areas, for example, in Marine, we're the top marine electronics provider, consumer electronics provider to the industry by sales. And in Aviation, we're the market share leader in both aftermarket and integrated cockpit systems for new aircraft in the midsized business jet on down through piston aircraft. So very strong positions. It's due to, again, highly differentiated unique products, and that's our focus for our investment and our activities going forward is continuing to create those kinds of products. If you look at one of the bigger categories, obviously, broadly is wearables. There's all kinds of categories that comprise that anywhere from kids' activity trackers on through to luxury smartwatches. And so it's hard to quantify on any one level where market share is because there's not a lot of data, but what we do is try to focus on being unique and innovative and offer things that customers can't get anywhere else.
Operator: And our next question comes from David MacGregor of Longbow Research.
David MacGregor : Just a couple of questions. First of all, on inventory. I know you had expected to be down about 10% in the fourth quarter, you ended up relatively flat. Was that just maybe a little stronger investment in the automotive ramp than you had anticipated? Or maybe you could just talk about what happened there?
Doug Boessen : Yes, really primarily, I'd probably say mix type of thing. And estimate coming into the quarter about what type of a mix we have during that period of time, it may have been a little bit different. We had a little maybe stronger sales of some of our newer products where we had to build some inventory wasn't necessarily relating to OEM, but some other consumer products that we have. As we think about inventory for next year, I mentioned we want to optimize that. We've had significant increases in inventory that last couple of years. So our goal for 2023 is to keep that relatively flat with our 2022 levels, that help our free cash flow also.
David MacGregor : Right, right. Okay. And then just you mentioned consumer. I guess as you think across the broader consumer exposure you have, I guess, what were your takeaways from the holiday season? And did you see any mix down within the various product lines?
Clifton Pemble : Yes. I would say, David, that we have such a broad range of products that we're probably exposed across all levels of the strata of consumers, I would say that in some of our more bell-curve consumer-facing product categories in certain price points that we did see more pressure in those than we did in the upper price point ranges where customers are probably more resilient to the economic factors that are impacting everyone right now. So there is some sign of that. But again, we have been focused more on products that have unique differentiators and have, as such, higher price points that we can command in the market.
David MacGregor : Right. Great. That makes sense. And then a question on Marine. I guess this was a pull-forward category during the pandemic. How do orders look now heading into the season?
Clifton Pemble : I think one of the things we've been saying for a while now is that we're -- we've definitely noticed the marine market has returned to its more typical seasonality behaviors and growth patterns that were prevalent before the pandemic. So I think I've been personally pleased to see the market really do kind of a soft landing at a very high level. We still see strong demand for products both at the OEM level as well as at the retail level and especially in the really unique categories that we offer the sonar systems that are very popular and command much higher price points.
David MacGregor : Okay. Last question for me. Just on outdoor, there was some negative operating leverage in the fourth quarter. Can you just talk about what happened there?
Doug Boessen : I think it's primarily due to our expenses there. So we continue to make new investments in our R&D to really improve -- or to our innovation for our new products that are coming out.
Operator: And next question comes from Ben Bollin at Cleveland Research Company.
Benjamin Bollin : Cliff or Doug, I'm interested in your thoughts when you think about the forecast into '23 across the wearables segments, most notably. When you -- could you share with us how you think about refresh and the average duration that your existing users are holding on to devices? And maybe any thoughts on how that's changed as you approach '23? And then I had a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble : Yes, I think, Ben, refresh really depends on the product line. I think as you can appreciate people that spend more for some of these devices tend to hold on to them longer. So we probably see a longer refresh cycle on the more premium families such as fēnix than we do, for example, in the lower-end wearables such as Vivoactive and Venu. But I think the good news for our customer base and what we noticed consistently in behaviors of our customers is that they tend to be active customers and more dedicated to the purpose of the device than what we've heard from others. And so we have a very strong active user base. They remain active, and it continues to grow year after year.
Benjamin Bollin : Okay. And then the last one for me. You made a comment about potentially longer-term Auto OEM CAGR, 40% CAGR through '25 based on existing wins. Could you talk through some of the factors that would get you to this? Is this based on unit performance from the existing OEM partners? Is it a content angle? Is it dependent on what consumers select? What's the right way to think about how you get to that type of level?
Clifton Pemble : Well, we created those projections based on the outlook provided to us by the OEMs. And so as we win these programs, the programs are scoped based on a certain estimate of volumes, which may or may not materialize. Those volumes assume certain kinds of consumer uptake on various features. So again, lots of assumptions built into that, but it's a significant amount of volume that comprises these programs. And consequently, that's what drives the compounded growth rate that we talked about.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Erik Woodring of Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring : Cliff, it's very rare to see the gap between Fitness and Outdoors. It's rarely to see those results deviate from each other so widely over the 12-month span. I realize some of that was impacted by the fēnix, the fēnix launch. But looking back outside of that, what were some of the biggest factors that drove this deviation? And then kind of what are you doing as you look into 2023 and beyond to make sure that the Fitness business can actually inflect back to growth at some point? And underscoring that question, can you just maybe talk about competition and whether that's playing into that or is this more of a market dynamic? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble : Yes. I think a really good question. I would explain the gap of the differences between fitness and outdoor driven by a couple of factors. One, you already mentioned fēnix, that was an outsized result in terms of product category. So that widened on one side. In Fitness, however, what we saw are really two things. One is the indoor cycling area, the bike trainers, and generally, the cycling category has normalized after the pandemic. So we had a significant headwind in the segment due to cycling products coming back to their normal sales levels, which we feel are still very healthy compared to 2019 levels, but reflect the change in priorities for customers as they do other things with activities. And the other factor is the advanced wearables within the segment are the products that compete in the most active area of the market against the biggest players. So the competitive factors there are certainly higher. The promotional considerations are more nuanced. And so consequently, there's definitely some market and market share considerations in that product line because they're the hardest market really to compete in, in terms of the overall space there. So that's how I would frame those things. In terms of what we're doing going forward? Again, there's probably two factors for Fitness, I would say, are important. One is that we see the cycling market stabilizing. So that shouldn't be a factor going forward as we comp against those declines from last year. And then secondarily, we have a very active product road map for the year with some really exciting product releases. And so we always know we benefit from those new product introductions.
Erik Woodring : Great. That's really helpful. And I guess maybe a second one is in your prepared remarks, you just highlighted a number of what I think of as very interesting either approvals or wins in the aviation business during the quarter. Kind of similar to -- I don't -- I'm not asking you to do the same for these types of wins as you did with the Auto OEM business. But can you just help us maybe understand like when and by how much some of these approvals or wins can actually translate into P&L contribution? Meaning, like are they material to the model in 2023. Is this -- you get approval today and this becomes a driver in a few years? Any way to just help us understand the importance of these wins in the context of the P&L would be helpful?
Clifton Pemble : Yes. I think generally, our philosophy about when we make announcements about progress in -- with various approvals or new product launches, we, first and foremost, make sure that those announcements are material to the revenue that we'll start to realize right away. So we hardly ever announced something that's years and years in advance. There's some minor exceptions to that. But for the most part, every announcement we make is meaningful to the ongoing revenue stream. So the aviation programs with the approval of the G5000 and the XLS and also the GI275 is revenue we're starting to generate now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ivan Feinseth of Tigress Financial.
Ivan Feinseth : Congratulations on the great aviation OEM wins. Can you go into some product -- new product introduction detail as far as kind of the categories and the types of products where we could see going forward this year?
Clifton Pemble : Well, good morning Ivan, I can't share details on the specific products. But as we mentioned, we have an active road map across all of our segments. This is our strategic focus is to drive revenue through new product introductions, and so we have a very active year planned. Last year was a great year, too. which rebounded a lot from kind of the pandemic dip that we saw in some introductions, but 2023 should also be a very great year for introductions.
Ivan Feinseth : Congratulations on the announcement of working with Qualcomm on the SOS and the satellite messaging program. Is that -- could we see some more expansion in the OEM automotive market that incorporates some of that and further work with Qualcomm and their Snapdragon Ride stack?
Clifton Pemble : Well, Qualcomm is a significant partner of ours in the Auto OEM segment for our platforms. But the SOS activity with them is really focused more on mobile phones and so they're somewhat different, but we do see that as an interesting new avenue to utilize our in-reach response center and leverage the capability we have in coordinating rescues and responses to remote concerns that customers have for a long time now.
Ivan Tigress : One more question. On the growth in online sales, what do you see as the driver of that? Are you just giving a lot of people who have joined the Garmin ecosystem buying more products and just going direct? Or is it from some of the effectiveness of digital advertising that's driving traffic to your website?
Clifton Pemble : Yes, I would say there's really two factors that have influenced the growth in our direct sales channel. One is the underlying subscription business that goes along with things like InReach and many other categories that we have driving subscription revenue for the company. The other is really, frankly, the retail situation with our products out at third-party retailers. As I mentioned, many of them were focused on inventory control. And consequently, I think in some cases, probably undershot the amount of inventory they needed to satisfy demand. And so we saw a big uptick in our garmin.com sales because people were looking for products and able to find it on our website.
Operator: At this time, I would now like to turn the call back to Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck : Thank you, everyone. As always, Doug and I are available for callbacks throughout the day, and we hope you have a wonderful day. Bye.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Garmin Limited Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program may be recorded. And now, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's third quarter 2022 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our financial -- our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends, or share repurchases, market share product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular there is significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at any time and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 business results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today's date. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Teri and good morning everyone. As reported earlier today, consolidated third quarter revenue came in at $1.14 billion down 4% from the prior year. Revenue was negatively impacted by approximately $70 million due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to other currencies. Excluding this impact, revenue would have increased about 2% over the prior year.  While the stronger dollar and negatively impacted revenue, cost of goods benefited due to the weakening of the Taiwan dollar. In addition, cost of freight came down as more products are being shipped by ocean and as rates decline due to excess capacity in the shipping industry. These combined with favorable segment mix resulted in gross margin at 58.8%, an increase of 40 basis points over the prior year.  Expenses increased 4%, as growth in R&D and SG&A was partially offset by advertising efficiency. This resulted in operating income of $239 million, which was down 15% from the prior year. Operating margin was solid at 21%.  Considering our year-to-date performance, we are adjusting expectations for the remainder of the year. We now anticipate full year revenue of approximately $4.85 billion, a year-over-year decline of 3%. We are raising our full year EPS guidance to $4.95 on improving gross margins, increased efficiency in our expense structure, and the lower full year effective tax rates.  Doug will provide more details on our financial results and updated guidance in a moment, but first, I'll provide highlights on the performance and outlook of each business segment.  Starting with fitness, revenue decreased 18% to $280 million, primarily due to lower sales of the advanced wellness wearables and indoor cycling products. Gross and operating margins were 53% and 15% respectively, resulting in operating income of $41 million. During the quarter, we launched the Index BPM smart blood pressure monitor, which measures systolic and diastolic blood pressure at home or on the go. When paired with our Garmin Connect app, users can see their measurement history and trends alongside other health stats.  We also launched the Venu Sq 2 featuring a bright AMOLED display and up to 11 days of battery life, which is nearly double that of its predecessor. Considering year-to-date performance in the fitness segment, we are maintaining our expectation that revenue will decline 25% for the year.  Moving to outdoor, revenue increased 5% to $340 million, driven by growth and adventure watches and InReach devices and services, but partially offset by declines and other product lines. Gross and operating margins were strong at 65% and 36% respectively, resulting in operating income of $121 million InReach remote communication devices and Response Coordination services have been a strong product category and unique differentiator for the outdoor segment.  During the quarter, we launched the InReach Messenger, a versatile communication focused device with global to a texting location sharing and SOS capabilities. Whenever a customer presses the SOS button, their communication is sent to our Garmin Response Center, which oversees and coordinates a unique response based on the situation. Since launching InReach services in 2011, the Garmin Response Center has coordinated over 10,000 InReach SOS responses in more than 150 countries and on all seven continents for activities ranging from hiking and backpacking, to roadside assistance in areas of poor cell phone coverage.  Many customers claim the InReach products and services were instrumental in returning safely to family and friends. Considering year-to-date performance in the outdoor segment and current trends, we now expect revenue to grow 17% year-over-year. Looking next at Aviation, revenue increased 4% $188 million primarily driven by growth in aftermarket product lines. Demand for aviation products remain strong. And we continue to experience higher than normal backlogs for our products. Supply chain constraints have improved that continue to affect our ability to completely clear the backlog. Gross and operating margins were strong at 73% and 26% respectively, resulting in operating income of $48 million.  During the quarter, we announced that our G3000 integrated flight deck was selected by Tactical Air to modernize F-5 fighter aircraft operated by the U.S. Navy and Marine Corps. Our expanding role on the F-5 demonstrates the capability and versatility of our integrated cockpit systems for use in demanding military applications.  Additionally, a recent survey by Aviation International News ranked Garmin number one and avionics product support for the 19th consecutive year. This long period of recognition demonstrates an unwavering commitment to meet the needs of highly demanding markets from owner flown aircraft to large Part 135 commercial operators.  I congratulate our team for once again earning this award, which is a testament to the quality of Garmin equipment and the amazing way our associates care for our customers. The Aviation segment has delivered solid performance so far, but supply chain constraints are affecting our ability to achieve our original plan by the end of the year. With this in mind, we are adjusting our revenue growth estimate to 7% for the year. Turning to the Marine segment. Revenue decreased 5% to $197 million. The Marine business is highly seasonal and Q3 typically represents the lowest quarter of the year. For the past two years, these seasonal trends have been difficult to predict due to the influence of the pandemic. We believe the market is returning to more typical seasonal trends. Growth in operating margins were 56% and 23%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $45 million. During the quarter, we began shipping the LiveScope XR system, which operates at greater depths and expands the addressable market for live action sonar to coastal and deep lake fishing applications. We also launched the LiveScope ice fishing bundle with high-resolution real-time imaging, which creates the ultimate portable solution for winter fishing.  And finally, we continue to be recognized for innovation and achievements in the Marine industry. For the eighth consecutive year, the National Marine Electronics Association named Garmin Manufacturer of the Year, and we also received five Product of Excellence awards. I'm very proud of our accomplishments in the Marine market, and I congratulate our team on these achievements. Considering year-to-date performance in the Marine segment and the return of typical seasonality patterns, we are lowering our revenue growth estimate to 3% for the year. Looking finally at Auto, revenue decreased 2% to $136 million as declines in consumer product lines more than offset growth in OEM programs. Gross margin was 40% and the operating loss driven by investments in auto OEM programs, narrowed significantly from the prior year to $16 million. During the quarter, we announced that our Tread Navigators have been selected by Artic Cat as standard equipment on select side-by-side off-road vehicles beginning in model year 2023. Considering year-to-date performance in the Automotive segment and current trends, we now expect revenue to decline 7% for the year.  That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen : Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I begin by reviewing our third quarter financial results, provide comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes or updated guidance. We posted revenue of $1.140 billion for the third quarter, representing a 4% decrease year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.8%, a 40 basis point increase compared to prior year quarter. The increase was primarily due to favorable segment mix in lower freight, partially offset by the net unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 37.8%, a 310 basis point increase from the prior quarter. Operating income was $239 million, a 15% decrease. Operating margin was 21%, 270 basis point decrease. Our GAAP EPS was $1.09, pro forma EPS was $1.24. Next, look at our third quarter revenue by segment and geography. During the third quarter, growth in the Outdoor and Aviation segments were more than offset by declines in the Fitness, Marine and Auto segments. Our geography, the Americas region was down 2%. The EMEA region was negatively impacted by foreign exchange rates, excluding the impact of foreign exchange rates, EMEA sales performance put in more in line to America's sales performance. APAC region was up 10% with the prior year. Excluding the approximate $16 million impact of foreign exchange rates, APAC region would have been up 19% with the prior year.  Looking next, operating expenses. Third quarter operating expenses increased by $18 million or 4%. Research and development increased $10 million year-over-year primarily due to engineering personnel costs. SG&A increased $12 million from prior year quarter primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses, information technology costs. Advertising expense decreased approximately $4 million due to lower co-op advertising.  A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. Ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.7 billion. Accounts receivable was relatively flat year-over-year and decreased sequentially to $641 million. Inventory balance increased year-over-year to approximately $1.5 billion. This increase was in line our expectations. We've been executing our strategy to reduce freight costs through higher mix of ocean versus air shipments. During the third quarter of 2022, we generated free cash flow of $104 million, $100 million decrease from the prior quarter, primarily due to lower operating income, increased working capital needs. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $50 million. We expect full year 2022 free cash flow to be approximately $450 million, capital expenditures approximately $250 million. Also during the quarter, we paid dividends of $141 million purchased $83 million of the company's shares being $186 million remaining at the end of the quarter. Share repurchase program authorized through December 2023. During the third quarter 2022 reported effective tax rate of 4.3% compared to 5.9% in the prior quarter. The decrease in effective tax rate is primarily due to income mix by tax jurisdiction, an increase in U.S. tax deductions and credits. Turning next to our full year guidance. We estimate revenue of approximately $4.85 billion compared to our previous guidance of $5 billion. We expect gross margin to be approximately 57.5%, higher than our previous guidance, 56.7%, primarily due to year-to-date performance, including favorable segment mix and lower costs.  We expect an operating margin of approximately 20.7%. Also, we now expect the full year 2022 pro forma effective tax rate to be approximately 8% lower than our previous guidance of 8.5% to projected full year income mix for tax rejection, results in pro forma earnings per share of approximately $4.95. That concludes our formal remarks. Jonathan, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Paul Chung from JPMorgan. Your question please?
Paul Chung : Hi. Good morning. And thanks for taking my questions. So Aviation is on track to kind of hit record annual revenues even ahead of '19 levels. If you could expand on kind of the product portfolio, where you're gaining share, where you have pricing power and what new products you're excited about?  And then on the margin front, can you see operating leverage with kind of record revenues maybe heading into '23 as inflation effects and some supply chain dissipated. I know the ADS-B cycle in '19 drove those mid-30% operating profit margin. But can you get to that low 30s soon? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble : Yeah, good morning, Paul. I think in Aviation, we've been able to build the revenue that was vacated by the ADS-B mandate through a couple of things. We have new product lines such as our Autopilot systems, which as we certify each new aircraft, we are able to offer a totally new product category to that particular group of aircraft that are out there. So we're definitely gaining share as a new product category in autopilots.  And then indicators, the stand-alone indicators, our GI 275 as well as our G5 and our standalone GPS NAVCOM products, the GTN series have been very strong in this environment where people are retrofitting their planes. As far as the forward look, we're not really ready to talk about 2023, but aviation, of course, will be a market where the operating profit is driven by the investments we have to make. And so as new programs come along, which tend to be long life cycle, we sometimes have to invest in advance. So that's one variable that we'll look at as we think about our 2023 guidance and then also the sales volume will drive leverage. And so again, we're not quite there yet in terms of talking about 2023, but those are factors we'll consider.
Paul Chung : Great. And then a follow-up on Fitness. You're seeing a recovery here in margins. You mentioned earlier this year component inflation as some of the primary drivers for kind of the underperformance in the first half. So how are those two shocks evolving? And can we get back to the 20% here shortly as we head into the holiday season.  And then separately on competition, you have Apple with Ultra and Google Pixel here ramping? What is the data showing you on market share? And how are you kind of protecting your niche categories? And are you adjusting prices somewhat, increasing promotions, increasing marketing? Anything you can comment there? Thank you.
Clifton Pemble : Yeah. So in terms of Fitness, FX definitely did impact us. I think in terms of the improvement we saw, it would be primarily due to product mix as we had new products in the segment. Our running categories, in particular, have been very strong with the release of the 255 and 955 series.  In terms of a particular target, I think where we landed in Q3 was actually where historically, we've kind of targeted in terms of mindset around what is the performance of this segment. Fitness is a more competitive segment due to the advanced wellness wearables, so that mid-teens kind of range for operating margin is actually a very good result and that will fluctuate up and down depending on promotions and on product cycles. In terms of competition, we're always mindful of that. We still believe, even with the release of the Apple Ultra and the Google Pixel that we have unique differentiators, not the least of which is some of our products are able to have 25 times the battery life of of those devices. So that's a significant advantage, and we're more oriented to the unique needs of our users around activity and adventure. So we continue to believe that we can carve out unique spaces for ourselves there, and we don't believe that we're losing market share in light of that.
Paul Chung : Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David MacGregor from Longbow Research. Your question please.
David Macgregor: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I guess, I wanted to just start off by -- I think I heard you say the free cash flow guide for the year was $450. I was just wondering what the -- how you're thinking about inventory within that context and what your year-end targets would look like?
Doug Boessen : Yes, great question. Yes, our full year free cash flow estimate is $450 million. And inventory is a big driver of that. As you've noticed, our inventory has been increasing year-over-year and did increase here in Q3. As we look at year-end, we would expect that our full -- our end of year inventory will be lower on a sequential basis compared to Q3, maybe by around 10% or so and that would mean that our year-end inventory would probably be up over the comparable period in 2021 by mid-teens or so. So there will be -- and last year, comparing that to it, you saw in 2021, actually inventory increase from Q3 to Q4 about 10%.
David Macgregor: Okay. And then I realize it varies rather dramatically across the different segments. But can you talk a little bit about just field inventory in the field?
Clifton Pemble : Yeah. Right now, I would say that we feel like channel inventory is mostly at reasonable levels. The one exception to that has been the indoor cycling trainers, which the channel is full of trainers from all manufacturers, not just a garment specific thing because of the shift from indoor cycling training during the pandemic to more outdoor cycling training. So that's the one area that the market is continuing to work through. But in general, we feel like the levels are mostly good. The one thing that is a factor out there, as we look forward and really kind of difficult to predict how it will go. But retailers generally have inventory of lots of different things right now. So as they move into Q4, many have signaled that they're promoting. And so as we look at Q4 we'll be looking for signals around open-to-buy dollars and promotions that they're willing to do given their overall inventory picture.
David Macgregor: Good. And then last question for me is just as you think forward to 2023, and I realize you're probably going to have a lot more to say with 2023 once we come to January. But just thinking at a high level, if 2023 ends up being sort of the more negative type of macro scenario and things really are down rather significantly. Can you just talk about your ability to flex OpEx and just how much flexibility you have there?
Clifton Pemble : I think we do have some flexibility around OpEx, particularly in the areas of advertising and some of the discretionary areas I think that slowing some of the other things in terms of R&D commitments are more difficult or take more time to really see the result. We do have a list of priorities that we've vetted and we're committed to, regardless of the environment so that we can grow for the future.  But right now, I would say that we're taking a generally cautious wait-and-see view about how things go, and we're being very careful with how we spend and grow our headcounts.
David Macgregor: Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Your question please.
Ben Bollin : Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Cliff, I was hoping you could speak a little bit about how you think about device refresh. Any thoughts around the composition of mix, in particular, in wearables that you think refresh represents today? And how that's evolved throughout COVID, what you saw in the last couple of years? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble : Yeah. I think we are typically seeing still the majority of customers coming into our platforms as new to Garmin customers. So there's certainly an element that is people that buy a second device or a new device of some kind. And there's some secondary market for our devices as well. So they might sell them on online, and then we give a new customer to reduce device. But in general, it's still slightly over a majority of those customers are new to Garmin.
Ben Bollin : Okay. The last question is, if I recall, last year, I believe Garmin had slightly better inventory availability versus a lot of other categories. And I was left the impression that might have benefited some of the retailer commitments into the holidays last year. Please correct me if I'm wrong, but I'm curious if that's playing into anything you're seeing this year? And then I'm also curious what you're seeing from your partners in terms of how they are thinking about working capital commitments into the holidays and beyond? Have you seen any change in how much inventory they're willing to sit on? Or how far in advance they're ordering product? That's it. Thanks.
Clifton Pemble : Yeah. So last year, we did feel like we had availability when many others did not due to supply chain issues even so, I think we were still limited on some of the things that we could supply and some of our deliveries came very late in the quarter, which might have missed the overall holiday season. So there was a lot of dynamics last year that we won't comp this year because things are more normal. And of course, we'll have to wait and see how the customer responds in Q4 to the holiday buying season. In terms of our partners, like I mentioned earlier, I think what they call open-to-buy dollars in the retail channel is something that's really important retailers do have a lot of inventory of many different things. And so they're balancing what to bring in based on what they think will sell well. and they can maximize their results as well. So it's a little bit different environment this year because last year was all about getting anything they could and this year is all about selling the right things.
Ben Bollin : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth from Tigers Financial Partners. Please go ahead.
Ivan Feinseth : Thank you for taking my question. And congratulations on the great cadence of new product introductions. So on the blood pressure mine, this is the second item in your index line? Or are you envisioning expanding the index as a product line now that you have the blood pressure monitor going along with the scale? And what other types of products in that segment are you thinking about?
Clifton Pemble : Yeah, good morning, Ivan, I would say, generally, we're always looking at new category opportunities. So index has been a great category for us as a wellness device on the scale first, and the blood pressure monitor has been a delightful surprise in terms of the interest that we've had in that and we quickly sold out what we had on hand and looking for more deliveries. So we're excited about that, and we're constantly looking at new categories to grow our business.
Ivan Feinseth : And on your new -- let's say, in wearables, can you give some indication of percentage of people who already own a Garmin product and are adding another 1 because you can tell by the activation and the connection to the your app or what percentage are new and let's say, how many people, let's say, continue to use 2 devices or, let's say, give it to a family member or had other people?
Clifton Pemble : Yeah. I don't have specific stats in front of me on that. We do see that and track it. It's at a level less than what I mentioned earlier in terms of just people that are buying another Garmin device, but I don't have those specific stats in front of me.
Ivan Feinseth : Thank you. Congratulations again. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Erik Woodring : Yeah, good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I guess maybe, Cliff, I'll start with you, maybe just a high-level question. And that is, how do you discount or consider geopolitical risk and how that influences your manufacturing footprint? And are there any regions that you'd target as a potential source of new capacity? Or is the premise of that question, some of that a lot. And then I have a backup. Thanks.
Clifton Pemble : Yeah. Good morning, Erik. So geopolitical risks have been something we've dealt with since the beginning of the company. They're really not new. They tend to be shifting around the globe as things evolve. In terms of looking at new capacity, I mean, we've demonstrated recently that we have the ability and the expertise to stand up new factories in new regions such as our automotive OEM factory in Poland. We, several years ago, created a factory in China. So we have that diversity, and we're able to quickly stand up capacity where we need it. So we just constantly look at that and evaluate what our needs are.
Erik Woodring : Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just digging into the consumer-facing businesses that you have -- is there any way you can help us kind of understand here in the back half of the year, how we should think about volume versus pricing and which one is a more significant driver of growth or limiting declines versus the other? And then one more. Thanks.
Clifton Pemble : Yeah. I think this question of volume versus pricing, that's always the big question as you think about pricing your products and running promotions. And the name of the game is maximizing. For us, we always want to maximize the profit dollars for Garmin that allows us to be successful. So it's a big question, and I don't think anyone has a magic way to do it, but we try to balance all of those factors and also take into account the availability of products in various stages of life cycle that we can promote the older ones, for example, and allows us to keep the pricing on the newer products higher.
Erik Woodring : Okay. That's helpful. And then last question for me, maybe this is for Doug. It's just really nice performance on the margin side, both gross and operating. Maybe if we just stick on the gross side. Can you maybe list from most to least impactful kind of the upside versus downside headwind versus tailwind drivers for the nice margin performance this quarter? And then just kind of second to that, it's just maybe helping us understand what percentage of COGS is in Taiwan dollars versus U.S. dollars. And that's it from me.
Doug Boessen : Yeah. So yes, gross margin. So as you mentioned, there's a lot of different moving pieces in that gross margin number. So some of our headwinds probably in the top we have lean that one is just the FX impact we had on revenue.  Now we do have, as Cliff mentioned, the other side of that with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against the Taiwan dollar, there's a lower cost relating to that piece of -- but it's not able to offset all of that headwinds relating to the FX on the revenue side. Then kind of taking you back a little bit, one of our biggest headwinds we had previously related to our freight. Freight had been increasing quite a bit year-over-year.  So now we're seeing some of those freight costs decline. And it's actually declining for two reasons, one of which relating to lower freight rates. And the other 1 is that we are shipping a larger percentage of our shipments on ocean versus air, so that's given us some benefit that we have from standpoint.  So those are big drivers. And you always have some other things in there relating to a segment mix from a consolidated standpoint, one segment has a higher percentage of the total, like, for instance, of Aviation or Outdoor increases more than other ones, that gives a benefit from that standpoint. So -- and then also you got product mix in there. as it relates to new products that we're launching in the period of time and proposal times of the year also we had. So a lot of different mixes.
Erik Woodring : Great. Thanks for the color, Doug.
Doug Boessen : Yeah. Appreciate it. 
Operator: This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Teri Seck for any further remarks.
Teri Seck: Thanks, everyone, for your time today. Doug and I are available for callbacks this afternoon. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will b a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program may be recorded. And now, I'd like to introduce your host for today's program Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s second quarter 2022 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our financial -- our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends, or share repurchases, market share product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular there is significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at any time and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company's results could change at any time. These results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today's date. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble. 
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri and good morning everyone. As reported earlier today consolidated revenue came in at $1.24 billion, down 6% from the strong pandemic-driven comparable of 2021. We generated $293 million of operating profit for the quarter, which was down 21% from the prior year and operating margin was 23.6%. Our performance in the quarter was influenced by several factors. First, the US dollar strengthened significantly over the prior year relative to other major currencies and unfavorably impacted second quarter revenue by approximately $57 million. Our strategy for managing currency fluctuations of this nature is to increase prices where we are able and reset pricing as we introduce innovative new products. We believe this approach is very effective in managing currency changes over the long-term, but the rapid and relentless strengthening of the US dollar will be a significant headwind for the remainder of the year. From a business segment perspective, underperformance in fitness had a significant impact on our results, which I will cover in more detail in just a moment. And finally, we continue to experience supply chain constraints, which limited the orders we could fill in the quarter specifically in marine and aviation. Considering our performance so far, we're adjusting expectations for the remainder of the year. We now anticipate revenue of approximately $5 billion, which is flat to the prior year and EPS of $4.90, representing a year-over-year decline of approximately 16%. This new guidance assumes currency exchange rates stabilize at current levels and we have adjusted growth expectations for fitness and marine, which reflect the current trends. Doug will provide more details on our financial results and updated guidance in just a moment, but first I'll provide highlights on the performance and outlook of each business segment. Starting with fitness, revenue decreased 34% to $272 million. Gross and operating margins were 49% and 9%, respectively resulting in operating income of $23 million. The second quarter decline was broad-based impacting all categories in the segment and was primarily driven by demand normalization in the advanced wearable and cycling categories. These are categories which benefited significantly from pandemic fuel demand in the first half of 2021. Although, our Q2 performance was disappointing, we are encouraged by the response to our new product introductions. During the quarter, we celebrated Global Running Day with the launch of two new running watches, the Forerunner 255 and the Forerunner 955. The Forerunner 955 solar version is our first running watch with solar charging capability, which provides up to 20 days of battery life in smartwatch mode. We also launched the Edge 1040 cycling computer featuring solar charging capability for superior battery life and multiband GPS technology for accurate high-performance positioning in the most challenging ride environments such as those found in urban areas or dense street cover. Given the year-to-date performance and current trends we now expect fitness revenue to decline 25% for the year. Moving to outdoor. Revenue increased 18% to $382 million with growth across multiple categories led by Adventure Watches. Gross and operating margins were strong at 66% and 40%, respectively resulting in operating income of $154 million. During the quarter, we launched the tactix 7, a premium smartwatch with unique capabilities such as night vision compatibility as well as advanced tactical performance and risk-based navigation features. The outdoor segment has been a strong performer so far and we are maintaining our revenue growth estimate of 20% for the year. Looking next at aviation. Revenue increased 13% to $205 million driven by growth in both OEM and aftermarket categories. Gross and operating margins were strong at 72% and 30%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $62 million. During the quarter supply chain constraints eased bringing back orders down from historically high levels, but we have more work to do to meet the strong demand for our products. We recently announced that we now have more than 25,000 integrated flight decks in service across a broad range of applications from piston trainers to transcontinental business jets. This achievement demonstrates the unmatched versatility and capability of our integrated flight deck systems. The aviation segment has delivered solid performance so far and we are maintaining our revenue growth estimate of 10% for the year. Turning next to the marine segment. Revenue decreased 7% to $243 million. Demand for our products was even higher than it was during the historic second quarter of 2021, but we were unable to satisfy all of the demand due to supply chain constraints. Gross and operating margins were 57% and 28% respectively, resulting in operating income of $69 million. Since it was first introduced in 2018 our LiveScope Sonar system has been a game changer for the inland lake fishing market and has been a growth catalyst for the marine segment. We recently expanded our product lineup with the introduction of the LiveScope XR system which operates at greater depths and expands the addressable market for live action sonar to coastal and deep lake fishing applications. We're excited to bring live scope technology to the deep fishing market and believe it represents another growth opportunity for the marine segment. Given our performance so far this year and the anticipated return of normal seasonality patterns in the marine market, we will now expect revenue growth of 5% for the year. Looking finally at auto. Revenue decreased 6% to $139 million with declines in both consumer and OEM categories. Consumer was impacted by lower sales of consumer PNDs, while OEM was impacted by reduced orders from automakers who face their own supply chain challenges. Gross margin was 40% and we recorded an operating loss of $15 million, driven by ongoing investments in auto OEM programs. During the quarter we entered a new product category with the launch of our first diesel headset offering truck drivers high-quality audio up to 50 hours of continuous talk time and unique integration features with our diesel navigator units. While the first half of the year has been slightly below expectations, we believe growth will resume in the second half as automaker production improves. As a result, we are maintaining our revenue growth estimate of 5% for the year. So, in closing while we are facing a variety of headwinds it's important to remember, our diversified business model provides many opportunities for growth within each segment. We have a very strong product lineup and more new products are on the way. We remain focused on what we can control and we'll be agile and opportunistic as we navigate the evolving macroeconomic environment. So that concludes my remarks. Next Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug? 
Doug Boessen: Thanks Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our second quarter financial results, provide comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes, our updated guidance. We posted revenue of $1.141 billion for the second quarter representing a 6% decrease year-over-year.  Gross margin was 58.7% and actually flat compared to the prior year quarter as favorable segment and product mix offset the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates and higher freight costs. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 35.1%, 230 basis point increase in the prior year quarter. Operating income was $293 million, a 21% decrease. Operating margin was 23.6% a 440-basis point decrease. Our GAAP EPS was $1.33. The former EPS, $1.44. Next look at our second quarter revenue by segment and geography. In the second quarter double-digit growth in the outdoor and aviation segments were more than offset declines in fitness, marine and auto segments. By geography the Americas region was flat, contributed about half of revenue for the quarter. The EMEA and APAC regions both impacted by foreign exchange rates declined during the quarter. Looking next at operating expenses second quarter operating expenses increased by $26 million or 6%. Research and development increased $15 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs. SG&A increased $10 million compared to prior year quarter, primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses, information technology costs. Our advertising expense is relatively consistent year-over-year. The highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash, marketable securities approximately $2.9 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially to $699 million while the seasonally stronger second quarter declined year-over-year, relatively in line with our sales decline. Inventory balance increased year-over-year to approximately $1.5 billion. We're executing our strategy, increase days supply to support our increasingly diversified product lines, optimize the mix of ocean versus air freight shipments and to carry sufficient levels of raw materials safety stock to mitigate increased lead times. During the second quarter of 2022, we generated free cash flow of $5 million, a $115 million decrease from prior quarter, primarily due to lower operating income and increased operating capital needs. Capital expenditures for the second quarter were $75 million. We expect full year 2022 free cash flow to be approximately $500 million, capital expenditures of approximately $300 million. Also in the quarter we paid dividends of $129 million, repurchased $31 million of company shares, leaving $260 million remaining share repurchase program authorized through December 2023. For the second quarter of 2022 the effective tax rate was 7.6%, compared to 14.8% in the prior year quarter. The decrease in effective tax rate was primarily due to income mix by tax jurisdiction an increase in U.S. tax deductions and credits. Turning next, to our full year guidance, we estimate revenue of approximately $5 billion compared to our previous guidance of $5.5 billion. As previously mentioned, strengthening of the U.S. dollar a significant unfavorable impact on our second quarter revenue. Assuming the euro will be at parity with the U.S. dollar for the remainder of the year, year-over-year unfavorable revenue impact will accelerate in the back half of 2022. We expect gross margin to be approximately 56.7%, which is lower than our previous guidance 57.5%, primarily due to the anticipated full year unfavorable impact of foreign exchange rates. We expect operating margin of approximately 20%. Also we expect a pro forma effective tax rate of 8.5% which was lower than our previous guidance of 10.5% to projected full year income mix, by tax jurisdiction. This results in expected pro forma earnings per share approximately $4.90. This concludes our formal remarks. Jonathan, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Certainly [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Paul Chung from JPMorgan. Your question please.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. So just first up on fitness, where are we on kind of the channel levels on some of the cycling products? And what's been the initial demand feedback for refreshing some of the four underlines including the 955? And how should we think about the seasonality for the balance of the year for fitness? And I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. Good morning, Paul. Channel levels and cycling, I’d say you have to look at two different sides of that. One is the cycle and computer side and the other is the indoor trainer side. The cycling computer side and the response to the new 1040 is very good. And so the inventory levels at the channel I think are fine. The indoor cycling side of things with the tax trainers, I think generally the market right now is heavy on inventory of all kinds of trainers from every manufacturer. And so there's a backup at retail of those products, which impacts our sell-in. It's going to take some time I think for retailers to work through that. But in general the retail demand is generally what people would expect for this time of the year. It's not really the season yet in the Northern Hemisphere and we should see improved retail sales in the back half as winter approaches. In terms of the other fitness products, the 955 and the 255, the demand has been very good, and we're working through actually back orders on those as well.
Paul Chung: Great. And then on aviation, you saw some record quarterly revenues resulting in, very nice operating leverage for the segment. Now it's above that 30% mark again. Can you expand on some of the strength you're seeing in the segment, product mix, market share? And you've provided the revenue outlook, but how should we think about the margin outlook for aviation in the second half?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So definitely a good quarter. I think that we were able to catch up on some of our lingering backorders in the segment. Most of those were targeted to the aftermarket. Both sides of the Aviation segment, the OEM side and the aftermarket grew in the quarter. We expect that to continue in the back half because OEMs of course are working to fill the back orders that they have for airplanes, which are still very strong and we're still catching up on orders in the aftermarket side of things as well. In terms of market share as we've said before, we're very strong in everything from the piston singles on up through the midsize business jet and we continue to win more platforms in those categories and are working on new projects to build our revenues for the future. And then margin wise, I would say that aviation has been very solid when it comes to our margin profile and in that 70% margin range for gross margin, which funds a very heavy R&D investment to create the products that we offer. And kind of that mid to upper 20 range for operating margin is the sweet spot. As we get more leverage, of course, it goes up. But generally we tend to target in that range.
Paul Chung: Great. And then lastly if I could fit one more in. Outdoor very strong quarter with the refresh of the fenix despite some tough comps. How is the sell-through tracking there and the status of the channel there? And then do you have a sense for upgrade versus new users to the platform particularly for the fenix? And any thoughts there would be great. Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: So the refresh has gone very well. I think it's taken us some time, but we are getting close to being caught up on the initial demand for the fenix and the epix, since it was launched earlier this year. There's still some pockets of lingering back orders in those categories that we're working to catch up on. In terms of the channel, we think it's very, very healthy and seems to be normalizing right now, with kind of the sell-in sell-through being balanced. In terms of user profile, we're seeing pretty much what we have seen, in recent launches, which is roughly about half of our users coming into those families are new users and then we have upgrade users coming from all kinds of products, from much older generation fenix, to even our advanced wellness customers who are looking to upgrade to a more capable launch.
Paul Chung: Great. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Your question, please.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Cliff and Doug, I had a bigger picture question on inventory levels. When you think about your current balance sheet and the exposure to inventory, I know there's been some targets to build that. How have those thoughts evolved? And then a follow-on, based on behavior you're seeing from your partners, your go-to-market partners, do you have any thoughts about what they're thinking about going into the holiday selling season and their overall commitment to inventory levels from where they stand right now? 
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So maybe just a high-level comment on our overall inventory. As you know, component lead times have been very long. And so in order to ensure, we have the materials to be able to meet demand. We've had to increase our weeks of supply on the raw material side. In some cases, we've been faced with what were typically, before the pandemic 13 to 26 week lead times now extending 26- to 52-week lead times. So, it's a very challenging situation. And what we don't want to do is, be left with demand with no inventory to build. Additionally, on the inventory side, the freight side of things has been really challenging. And in order to solve the freight cost issue, we have to have more inventory coming on boats, which is a lower-cost mode of shipment and that takes a very long time. And so it simply just extends the amount of inventory that we have to carry. We feel like the inventory we have, is good inventory. We're very versatile. We can reuse components and materials that we have across many different product lines. And we feel like, in general, that most of our product lines are solid long-term long life cycle products that we can sell over time. So, we feel very good with where we're at right now. In terms of go-to-market, and their outlook for the upcoming holiday season, it's still early days. So, there's work being done to finalize all of that. The early indications that we have in some of the segments, is a very strong commitment to promoting products in big quantities for the holiday season. So, that's what we know so far. But again it's probably very early days.
Ben Bollin: Okay. And then one follow-up would be specifically as you look at the outdoor business for the adventure watches, how are you thinking about the performance of that business through year-end? And how are you balancing the potential risks of maybe you've already seen some pull-forward. You haven't seen it yet given the refresh versus the stronger underlying secular demand . And that's it. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So, our guide for the year is up 20%. We had a strong first half. So, as you can infer from the data, we expect that will moderate in the back half. We believe our product line is very strong and we believe that that is achievable right now. And we also have more new products coming which should boost our overall ability to grow in the back half.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from Nikolay Todorov from Longbow Research. Your question please.
Nikolay Todorov: Yes, thank you and good morning everyone. First question on marine. I guess Cliff can you talk about where do you see the constraints? I know you had some constraints from prior quarter, but it seems like they have worsened. And also it seems like you're building still a strong backlog. How much of that do you consider perishable given the macroeconomic backdrop? 
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So the constraints Nik I would say they're not worse but they -- in some cases, they didn't get much better during the quarter. The main issue there was key components for our chart-plotters in order to be able to deliver those higher end plotters and we prioritize customers in the segment that impacted our selling prices. But in general, I would say the backlog we've made some progress into Q3 and covering some of that. And we are assuming that we'll have a greater level of seasonality more typical of the segment. Q2 is usually the highest quarter of the year and then it follows off as people in the Northern Hemisphere bringing their boats out of the water and put them in storage and they wait to upgrade boats and work on them in the spring. So, we're assuming some of that may be deferred but that's why we brought our guide down to about 5%.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. And then second question I have is that maybe on the OpEx side, maybe can you talk about what are the changes you're implementing following the revision in the outlook how is the OpEx lines changing given the new outlook?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think we're definitely taking a look at that and we're looking at two different areas. We're being very selective in our hiring to make sure that we don't outgrow our revenue growth. And we're also looking at our general OpEx focusing on priorities and essentials and making sure that we narrow the priorities to the most important things. So, we're trying to manage that and steer it for the long-term.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. Last one if I can squeeze. Fitness gross margin, should we expect given the current environment and the inventory overhang that high 40s is kind of the norm in the near-term, or is there any potential puts and takes that can change that direction?
Doug Boessen: Yeah. In the fitness, gross margin a lot of you said puts and takes in it. We did see some unfavorability relating to the foreign exchange rates, which we would anticipate that to continue in the back half. Now Cliff talked about also freight. Freight's also been impacting our gross margins also there from that standpoint. And so, you've seen some of the other segments that may have seen some improvement in there like outdoor from product mixes where they have and some things we'll watch a higher percentage of those. But it's really going to be a function of what is that product mix portfolio that makes up that -- the fitness side of things. But probably, as you said probably similar to what you indicated our gross margins for go forward. But we do have some headwinds that we're currently facing.
Nikolay Todorov: Got it. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Doug Boessen: Thank you, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth from Tigress Financial. Your question please.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on the good aviation performance. Following the introduction of the diesel headset, do you think there's an opportunity for you to expand into aviation cockpits headsets considering that's really only dominated by two companies and none of those have the cockpit presence that you have?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think -- good morning, Ivan, we're really excited about the diesel. And as I've mentioned many times in the past, our strategies for growth are introducing new products and new product categories, entering new markets and this reflects that commitment. Right now, we're focused on attacking the opportunities on the truck side. And then we're exploring other avenues where this kind of technology might be useful.
Ivan Feinseth: Now based on your overall bigger picture hiring and space expansion plans in Olathe, do you think that some of what you're going through that you're seeing right now is just more of short-term headwinds? And what do you feel the bigger picture growth opportunities continue to be?
Cliff Pemble: Well, first, I think everyone hopes that the economic situation is short term, but none of that has really proved to be true. So we're making sure we're managing the business for the long-term. We are in need of more space in Olathe particularly to be able to bring more people back on to campus and also focusing on those priorities that we have particularly needing more people in aviation and some of the consumer areas as well and balancing our overall hiring needs. So we're committed to building out and finishing our space expansion here in Olathe. And then I think we're in good shape, when it comes to overall space accommodations for our people for the next kind of phase of growth.
Ivan Feinseth: Right. And in upcoming new products, can you give us some idea of the areas that we should be stay tuned and focused on where we'll see some new products introduced this year or the second half of this year?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we have introductions planned in most every segment. And so stay tuned, but I'm pretty excited about some of what's coming.
Ivan Feinseth: All right. Thank you very much.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. And our next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Your question please.
Erik Woodring: Hey, good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. Maybe Cliff, I'll start with a kind of a high-level question for you and then ask one for Doug. I think as we've gone through the pandemic and now kind of in this quasi-pandemic stage --consumer electronics have gone through a near record period of elevated demand that some could now say is normalizing. I would just love to get your take Cliff on just how you think about the TAM for your consumer-facing businesses. Do you think it's permanently larger today than pre-COVID levels? Is there a risk that it returns? Just high-level thought process and how you're thinking about the TAM as we move kind of past the peak of the pandemic.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Erik. Yes, I think, the pandemic certainly highlighted to people the importance of health and wellness and fitness. And so I believe that change in people's focus probably is a very long and enduring mindset. We did experience a lot of new demand and had new customers coming into our ecosystem. I believe that's a longer-term opportunity than as they use those devices and then look for a device with new capabilities they will then look to Garmin for an upgrade. So I believe that creates an enduring customer base for us and leads to opportunities in the future.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe Doug, by my math kind of gross margins in the second half will be a bit below 56%. Operating margins will be around 18.5%. So is there any way you can just kind of help us quantify the impact of the various factors impacting kind of this new lower second half margin outlook?
Doug Boessen: Yes. Well a big factor of that is foreign exchange rates. So as I mentioned the -- assuming parity for euro and US dollar, we should expect year-over-year impact change to accelerate. For instance in Q2 of last year of 2021, we're about 120. Then this year the average for Q2 2022 was about 107. And then it went to by I think 118 and 115. Then if you assume parity, which is similar to where we're at right now, that year-over-year exchange will accelerate. So that is impacting our gross margin there as well for the bigger piece of that piece. But then also as we mentioned freight is something we are managing through that also. 
Erik Woodring: And maybe if I could just clarify would you say that FX is the only kind of incremental headwind, or would you say freight is now more of a headwind than you expected 90 days ago? 
Doug Boessen: It's interesting freight. So freight was probably the biggest story. Maybe a couple of quarters ago we were year-over-year. Now, as Cliff mentioned we are managing a piece of that as it relates to our inventory levels. We are trying to have a larger percentage of our shipments on ocean versus air, which is helping that. And also on a year-over-year basis we saw some of those large increases last year in the rates. And I'd probably say some of those rates are maybe a little bumpy here too, but more or less stabilizing. So there will probably be some ups and downs in freight through the back half of the year kind of see what's going on with the rates whether ocean there but it won't be as significant of a driver as the FX -- foreign exchange rates, which I think are going to be a bigger item that we're going to be headwind against in the back half. . 
Erik Woodring: Okay. Thank you so much for the color guys.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Theresa Seck for any further remarks. 
Teri Seck: Thanks everyone for your time. Doug and I are available for callbacks. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Garmin Limited First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today to Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website.  This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at any time, and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company's business results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today's date.  Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As reported earlier today, consolidated revenue increased 9% to $1.17 billion, representing a new first quarter record. Four business segments reported revenue growth in the quarter, 3 of which delivered double-digit growth.  We generated $229 million of operating income, down 8% from the prior year. Operating margin was 19.5% and was negatively impacted by gross margin performance, which declined due to historically high freight costs, combined with the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. In addition, operating expenses increased for a variety of reasons, including higher associate head count, increased compensation costs and the increase of certain operational expenses as business activities continue to normalize.  We performed very well during the quarter despite a combination of old and new headwinds. Supply chain constraints persist, which limited the orders we could fill. Russia's invasion of Ukraine created an unthinkable humanitarian crisis and further complicated the global economic outlook. Despite these challenges, demand for our products remains strong and we are optimistic about the future.  Our Board of Directors recently approved a $300 million share repurchase plan, which is in addition to the proposed $2.92 per share dividend that will be considered by shareholders at the upcoming annual meeting.  Before turning the call over to Doug, I'll provide highlights by segment and a summary of what we see ahead.  Starting with business, revenue decreased 28% to $221 million. Gross and operating margins were 48% and 0%, respectively. All product categories declined, but the normalization of demand for cycling products was the main contributor. While revenue from fitness wearables declined, on a combined basis, wearable device revenue across all segments at Garmin experienced robust growth.  We expected the first half of the year to be challenging for the fitness segment as we compare against the outstanding performance of the prior year. While the decline was greater than expected, we believe these trends will moderate in the back half of the year as we move past the pandemic swings of 2021 and benefit from new product introductions.  Moving to the outdoor segment. Revenue increased 50% to $385 million with growth in multiple categories led by strong demand for adventure watches. Gross and operating margins were 64% and 39%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $149 million.  During the quarter, we announced sweeping updates to our adventure watch lineup, including our flagship fenix 7 series featuring a distinctive new design with a touchscreen display, and the Instinct 2 series available in 2 sizes, including versions that can operate indefinitely using our exclusive solar power technology. We also announced the all-new epix with a bright AMOLED touchscreen display and class-leading battery life up to 16 days. We believe that strong demand for these new products as well as other categories in the segment will be a growth driver for the remainder of the year.  Looking next at the aviation segment. Revenue increased 1% to $175 million with growth driven by OEM product categories. Supply constraints impacted sales of aftermarket products but the situation improved throughout the quarter. Gross and operating margins were 73% and 23%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $40 million.  Aircraft OEMs are reporting robust orders from both new and existing customers. Aftermarket demand is also strong as customers invest in new cockpit systems. We believe these are positive indicators of growth for the remainder of the year.  The marine segment delivered another quarter of impressive results with revenue increasing 21% to $254 million. We experienced broad-based growth across multiple product categories led by chartplotters. Gross and operating margins were 51% and 23%, respectively, resulting in operating income of $59 million.  LiveScope has proven to be a halo technology for Garmin, and the new LiveScope Plus sonar system raises the bar with higher resolution images and improved target separation. We continue to see strong demand for our marine products and LiveScope Plus builds on this momentum. We believe this is a positive indicator of growth for the remainder of the year.  Moving finally to the auto segment. Revenue increased 11% to $138 million, with growth from both OEM and consumer categories. Gross margin was 38%, and we recorded an operating loss of $20 million driven by investments in auto OEM programs.  In consumer auto, we continue to diversify our product offerings with the launch of the Instinct 2 dezl edition smartwatch for truck drivers. In the OEM category, we made significant progress preparing for the launch of the next-generation BMW computing module platform. BMW approved our new Poland factory, giving it a rare green rating for mass production readiness. We anticipate delivering production parts to BMW starting in the second quarter.  Before I turn the call over to Doug, it's important to remember that our diversified business model offers many different paths to achieve our consolidated growth goals. We remain focused on creating highly differentiated products in all segments that excite our customers and lead to success.  Regarding our outlook for the rest of the year, I mentioned several new and existing headwinds we face, and we cannot predict the impact that these might have on the business. Also, the first quarter represents the lowest seasonal quarter of our financial year and much of the year remains ahead of us. With these things in mind, we are maintaining our 2022 guidance issued in February, which called for consolidated revenue of $5.5 billion and EPS of $5.90 a share.  So that concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Douglas Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I begin by reviewing our first quarter financial results and provide comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes.  We posted revenue of $1.173 billion in the first quarter, representing 9% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 56.5%, 330 basis point decrease from the prior quarter. The decrease was primarily due to higher freight costs and favorable impact of foreign exchange rates.  Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 37%, a 50 basis point increase. Operating income was $229 million, 8% decrease. Operating margin was 19.5%, 300 basis point decrease. Our GAAP EPS was $1.09. The former EPS was $1.11.  Next, we look at our first quarter revenue by segment and geography. In the first quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in 3 of our 5 segments, led by the outdoor segment, robust growth of 50%; followed by the marine segment, 21% growth; and the auto segment, 11% growth. By geography, 21% growth in APAC, 13% growth in Americas was partially offset by 1% decline in EMEA, which was negatively impacted by foreign exchange rates during the quarter.  Looking next at operating expenses. First quarter operating expense increased by $42 million or 11%. Research and development increased $20 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs. Advertising expense increased approximately $3 million due to higher spend in the outdoor and marine segments. SG&A increased $19 million compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses, information technology costs.  A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash, marketable securities approximately $3 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $600 million following a seasonally strong fourth quarter and grew year-over-year, relatively in line with our sales growth.  Inventory balance increased year-over-year to $1.3 billion. We're executing our strategy, increase days supply to support our increasingly diversified product lines to optimize the mix of ocean versus air freight shipments to carry sufficient levels of raw material safety stock to mitigate increased lead times.  In the first quarter of 2022, we generated free cash flow of $126 million, a $206 million decrease in the prior quarter, primarily due to increased working capital needs and higher capital expenditures, also reported effective tax rate of 10.3% compared to 12.2% in the prior quarter. The decrease in effective tax rate is primarily due to an increase in U.S. tax deductions and credits.  This concludes our formal remarks. Talon, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. I show our first question comes from the line of Paul Chung from JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: First up, you had a very nice head start in outdoor off the strength of fenix and other product releases. Any update to kind of the year and how we think about that? Should we expect kind of more product releases throughout the year? And then can you help us on the kind of seasonal outlook for outdoor? That would also be helpful.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think in terms of the update to the year, we basically are still seeing things the way that we've laid them out, and it's very early in the year to really make any conclusions based on the start that we've had. But we do have a strong product lineup right now, and we have more new products coming throughout the year in all of our segments. And so a lot of our momentum and growth is driven around new innovation and new products.
Paul Chung: Got you. And then a similar question on fitness. The pace of decline was a bit more kind of than expected. How do we think about the balance of the year as well? And what drove the minimal operating profit in the quarter? Is that mostly component and cost related? And how does that rebound throughout the year?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So fitness was weaker than we expected for sure. And the cycling category is the biggest contributor to that. We are comping against really strong results from last year. So there's lots of moving pieces, lots of dimensions to this. But the cycling side of things is really the one that's the biggest impact.  But if you look at it from a different angle, the operating profit was mostly affected by FX and freight costs. If those things would have been under normal circumstances, we would have been pretty much in the range of where our gross margin and operating margin profiles are for the segment.
Paul Chung: Got you. And then lastly, Doug, on free cash flow. Kind of any update on the annual guide? And the share buyback messaging, that's new. We haven't seen buybacks in 4 years -- last 4 years. How should we think about kind of the pace there and potential for more kind of material buybacks given kind of $3 billion net cash?
Douglas Boessen: Yes. Yes. Regarding free cash flow, yes, still early in the year, but there's a couple of things you need to consider, one of which is our working capital needs. We did have some of those working capital needs here in Q1, where we saw inventory increased more than the previous year. You also need to factor in last year, we had a large amount of inventory increases in the back of the year. So hopefully, we won't have as much of an increase in the inventory, I'll say, year-over-year than we did last year in there. But the working free cash flow and other things, CapEx is pretty consistent year-over-year for the full year in there. It depends also on the operating side of things, but we'll give you more guidance on that in Q2.  As it relates to the share buyback, it's something that we evaluate with the Board, and we felt that was something that was appropriate at this point in time. Regarding the amount that we're going to be doing, it's really depending upon market conditions, business conditions at a point in time, the amount that we buy back during the period.
Operator: I show our next question comes from the line of Will Power from Baird.
William Power: Great. Maybe just a follow-up first on fitness. I think we, and you all noted, there were some particularly tough cycling comps year-over-year, but it sounds like there was some year-over-year weakness in the other fitness categories, too. I guess I'm wondering if there are any areas you'd call out there. Any key drivers of that? Maybe any comments on changes in the competitive climate? Just trying to understand the broader fitness picture.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think that as we mentioned, all categories in this segment were weaker year-over-year. We're comparing against a really monster quarter from the last year. So that's one dimension. And then you can't discount the impact of our overall wearable product lineup across the company and particularly the release of the new adventure wearables on the outdoor side, which probably impacted things as well.  So as I mentioned, we experienced robust growth across all wearables at Garmin. So we feel like the market is robust and our position in the market is also very robust.
William Power: Okay. That makes sense. Cliff, it'd be great to get a little more color as to what you're seeing kind of real-time across Europe. As you talk to your retail partners, have you seen any change in kind of purchasing trends, appetite from them just as you think about the impacts of the Russia-Ukraine conflict and inflationary pressures kind of across the continent, particularly in Eastern Europe? As you exit Q1 and obviously now into Q2, anything you'd call out there with respect to demand trends?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think Europe is more notably weak as you can see in our geographical results. I think really 2 aspects to that. One is the Ukraine situation. We definitely did see a noticeable impact in product registrations as that conflict broke out and was weaker for the initial period and has only recently started to show some signs of kind of popping back as people maybe normalize or get used to the risk environment that they're in there.  But the other factor for Europeans is the high inflation. It's really not just European, but it's global, but they particularly are impacted by much higher fuel prices and concern and worry over the economy. So I think those factors impacted us in Europe, but we saw a much stronger growth in Americas and APAC.
William Power: Yes. Okay. I guess maybe just a last question. You maintained guidance for the year. Maybe just any other color as to your confidence there. I mean it sounds like it's really built just on the diversity of the business, and I recognize we're still early in the year. But as you think about the various uncertainties that are still out there, whether it's supply chain, inflation, et cetera, maybe just any other color as to what gives you confidence in maintaining that outlook at this point?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. As you said, we're maintaining what we said in February. It is early in the year, and this is our lowest seasonal quarter. So we like to see how the year is evolving before we make any material changes to our outlook.  I would say that in general, we see positive indicators, as I said in my remarks, across many of our segments. And at the same time, the uncertainties have increased and the complexities have increased, so we recognize that as well. But the diversity of our business is very high. The demand in several of our segments is strong. And so that's what we base our confidence on as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nik Todorov from Longbow.
Nikolay Todorov: Doug and Cliff, first question on gross margin for fitness. How should we think about the trajectory throughout the year? Obviously, I think FX headwind, if anything, is probably going to increase in 2Q sequentially and the logistics piece is probably not changing much. So any kind of color on trajectory of fitness gross margin through the rest of the year?
Douglas Boessen: Yes. As it relates to gross margin for fitness, yes, 2 of the big drivers there, obviously, are freight and FX. And actually, FX is a bigger impact on the fitness business just given our EMEA side of the business in there.  So as it relates to the year, it's still early in the year here, but we have to manage through those headwinds, and we'll have to see how those mitigate hopefully. We're doing things, hopefully, help mitigate some of the freight. I previously mentioned inventory. We're trying to optimize our ocean versus air to mitigate some of the increases there. But FX, that's something -- and we've seen more of the strengthening of dollar there and increases. So we have to see how that all plays out for the rest of the year.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. And then, Cliff, I think you mentioned in your remarks that you're starting to see some improvement in aviation in the aftermarket business as it relates to component supply. Do you have any visibility into further easing into the rest of the year? And do you expect maybe a return to some normal environment to the second half? Or that's too early to call?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think one of the things we mentioned actually last time is we expected the first half of the year to be more challenging for the aviation aftermarket because of the supply chain constraints we were experiencing. We've started to see that improve, especially as we rolled into the month of March and onward. But we do expect still to be able to see more improvement as we get into the back half because we're taking actions to dual source some parts as well as we're getting more supply from our existing suppliers.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. And last question for me. There's been some signs of moderation of retail boating demand, and I know you're exposed more on the aftermarket side. But I'm just wondering, are you seeing any spillover effect, any signs of moderation on the aftermarket side of marine?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think really nothing to speak of. We still see very strong demand for our most popular products and especially driven by the technology developments that we've made in the area of live sonar, and our display systems are all very good and sought after.  I would say in terms of retail boating or I would say the OEM side is what we would call that, but in general, we still hear our OEM partners say that they're sitting on years of backlogs in their business and working very hard to deliver the boats that have been ordered. So we still see a strong demand cycle moving forward from the OEM side of the business.
Operator: I show our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Rand from Deutsche Bank.
Jeffrey Rand: How are the current inventory levels of your channel for your cycling business? And how do you think about end customer demand for cycling products through the rest of the year?
Clifton Pemble: I think in terms of inventory, it varies by product line, but the one that we've been talking about most is the indoor trainer inventory. Retailers do have a lot of inventory in the indoor training category, and they're selling through that, of course. And we also have inventory that we have in our warehouses that would go into the channel as soon as it kind of clears up. But that's a situation that's going to be around for a while. We don't expect it to improve quickly. So we're just going to have to be patient and work through that.  In terms of other categories, it really depends by geography, by retailer, by product line. But in general, we think channel inventory levels are reasonable, and we don't see any concern there.
Jeffrey Rand: Great. And then operating margins in your auto OEM business were relatively flat sequentially. How do you think about operating margins for this business over the next few quarters as projects ramp up further?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think in terms of what will happen going forward, as our deliveries increase, we will be able to experience scale in that business. So it should improve our overall operating margin performance, although we're not expecting that to swing to a positive number in the near term. But as we start to deliver the new products to BMW and as our production scale increases, it should generally improve.
Operator: I show our next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research.
Benjamin Bollin: A couple of questions. The first is, Cliff, could you talk a little bit about how you think of fitness and outdoor wearables? And how much of that business do you think is completely new buyers versus how much might be refresh of preexisting buyers? And then I had a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, thanks. I think in terms of the customer profile of our wearables, it really depends by product line and by segment. But at the highest level, if you look across all our wearables, we are mostly selling to brand-new customers to Garmin who are registering a new device for the first time and creating a Garmin Connect account. But we also have, of course, a sizable amount of business that we do with people who love to stay current on the latest products that we release. And so we see that side of the business as well. But right now, it's still more of an -- it's still a majority of people that are new to our wearables.
Benjamin Bollin: Okay. The other different question, can you remind us on the revenue recognition methodology with BMW. How it may change as you go into the broader platform outside of China? And any thoughts on content opportunity?
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So as revenue recognition standpoint, probably shouldn't be that much different than we have at this point in time in the different models that come out from that standpoint -- from a revenue recognition standpoint.
Benjamin Bollin: Any thoughts on content going forward? As you get into more of these models, does that change the amount of dollar content per vehicle? Or is it similar with what you saw in China?
Clifton Pemble: I think actually, Ben, the content per vehicle on the newer platforms that we're delivering is much higher per vehicle than what we're seeing on the current products delivered out of China as well as out of the U.S. factory here. In some cases, once we get to full production mode with BMW, they've adopted it across all of their platforms. Some vehicles could have 3 or more of these modules within the vehicle. So it will dramatically increase per vehicle based on what we're delivering over the long term to BMW.
Operator: I show our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Grenfell from Bank of America.
Elizabeth Grenfell: As we think about the cycling business and the normalization that we're seeing, when do you expect it to completely have normalized? And at what level do you consider normal?
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think that's a very good question. During the first half of 2021, we saw elevated demands for all cycling products, including the indoor trainers where every factory -- and speaking broadly beyond just Garmin every factory and every manufacturer of those devices were delivering all that they could make to the market because of the demand. So the first half was very robust because of that really strong pandemic-driven demand and then that tailed off significantly in the second half. So we are expecting to see that those comps will improve starting in the second half and will probably take throughout the remainder of the year to really normalize.  In terms of the levels we're seeing, generally, we continue to see that the levels we're settling at for cycling products are in line with reasonable growth of the overall market over the past 2 to 3 years. So what that means is the CAGR is probably somewhere in the 5% to 10% range of the overall market, and it's settling in at some reasonable growth level over 2019 or even early 2020 type numbers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. I show our next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Maybe just a few for me. Starting with one clarification question, Cliff. And Cliff, you mentioned earlier about channel inventory levels being reasonable. Was that just a fitness comment? Or was that a total company comment?
Clifton Pemble: I would say total across all of our product lines that are popular in retail.
Erik Woodring: Okay. And then in your -- in the prepared remarks, in the presentation deck, you made similar comments in outdoor, aviation, marine, calling out positive indicators. Any way that you can just maybe, for each of those markets, elaborate just a bit on what those positive indicators are?
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think if we just look at those one by one, I would say, in outdoor, our new product releases and the adventure watches are -- we continue to work to fill all of the demand that we're seeing for those. And in addition, there's some golf products that we've struggled to match the demand popularity of some of the products that we have there. So that's the outdoor side of things.  On the marine side of things, our new Panoptix LiveScope Plus system is extremely popular. And so we're working to fulfill a lot of back orders on that product, which also drives display systems. So there's kind of a broad-based demand in our marine segment because of that.  And then finally, in aviation, I think our biggest opportunity right now is the aftermarket side of things. We've been constrained because of the supply chain situation. And as I mentioned, we're starting to see that get better incrementally, but it will take some time to really fully recover. But the backlogs that we have there of things that we need to deliver is strong.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Super helpful. And then one last question for me on outdoor. How much of the outperformance, so to speak, in 1Q was a result of sales being pushed from 4Q into 1Q? And then kind of second to that, were you able to fill the channel with all of your -- with all of the new products that you were -- that you launched in outdoor? Or is there still more to come, you'd say?
Clifton Pemble: I think most certainly, we tried to time the launch of the new products optimally, and we felt like it was not the best time to launch in late Q4. So there's probably some impact that shifted demand because people were waiting for our new products for sure. But it's hard to speculate on how much of that there was.  And would you say your second part again?
Erik Woodring: Yes. Just curious if you were able to get enough supply to fill the channel to your ideal levels for those new products launch in outdoor, if there is still more of that to come in the future, you'd say?
Clifton Pemble: I think for our initial plan, we definitely were able to fill the channel. And what we found is that the reorders have continued to be strong. And so we're still chasing initial demand for that product line that we're working to fill.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions in the queue. At this time, I would like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations, for closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Okay, everyone. Thanks so much for your time. Doug and I are available for callbacks and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-16 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome the Garmin Limited Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentations, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Teri Seck, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 earnings call. Please note that the earnings, press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends or share repurchases, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at any time, and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company's business results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today's date. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri and good morning, everyone. As reported earlier today, we ended 2021 with fourth quarter revenue of $1.39 billion, up 3% over the prior year, representing a new record for Garmin. During 2021 quarter by quarter comparisons to the prior year have been difficult to interpret – due to pandemic driven swings of 2020. It's interesting to note that revenue grew 12% on a CAGR basis compared to Q4 of 2019. We believe this comparison better reflects the underlying strength of the business and we are very pleased with our development over these past two years. Operating profit came in at $315 million, down 15% over the prior year. Gross margin declined due to pressure that every business is facing notably higher freight costs. In addition, operational expenses increased for a variety of reasons, including higher associate headcount, increased compensation costs and the increase of certain operational expenses as business activities normalize. Even with these headwinds operating margin remain very strong at 22.6%. 2021 was our sixth consecutive year of revenue and operating income growth establishing new records for the company. Revenue increased 19% to nearly $5 billion and operating income grew 16% exceeding $1.2 billion, each segment delivered strong double digit revenue growth. I'm very proud of what we accomplished, especially considering the challenging operating environment everyone is facing. The availability of electronic components has been a major topic of conversation over the past year. While we are not always able to get everything we need, we believe we've been very effective in managing the situation as evidenced by our results. Our vertically integrated business model gives us greater levels of agility and flexibility in this dynamic supply chain environment. However, it's the creativity, determination and teamwork of our associates that made these accomplishments possible. I'm very proud of our associates and I'm grateful for all they have done. Looking forward we are encouraged by the opportunities of the new year. We have a great lineup of recently introduced products with additional introductions planned throughout the remainder of the year. We anticipate consolidated revenue will increase approximately 10% to $5.5 billion driven by new product introductions and strong market trends in many of our segments. Our results and outlook for the new year give us confidence to propose a 9% dividend increase, which will be considered by shareholders at the upcoming annual meeting. Before moving on to segment highlights, it's important to share context on how we see the business and markets evolve in 2022. The pandemic drove additional demand in certain product categories, which is starting to normalize from peak levels. This will create additional dynamics to consider for the coming year. And I will note these as I cover each segment. The nuances of individual categories are not a major concern for us, rather, it's our strategic focus on diversification that brings many opportunities for growth, which is the basis for our outlook for 2022.  Starting with the Fitness segment, revenue increased 16% for the year as strong demand for advanced wearables and cycling products fueled our growth. Full year growth and operating margins were 53% and 24% respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 17% over the prior year. In the fourth quarter Fitness revenue was flat over the prior year as growth in wearables was offset by lower revenue in cycling. Product differentiation is a key factor in our ability to compete in the market for wearables. Lily is a great example with its small form factor, appealing design and unique display that hides when not in use. Customers buying Lily are overwhelmingly new to the Garmin brand, demonstrating the power of differentiation to attract new customers. The cycling category has more than doubled over the past two years, fueled by pandemic-driven demand for both indoor and outdoor cycling products. The market is starting to normalize at levels below recent peaks, but well above pre-pandemic levels. With this in mind, we expect Fitness revenue to be flat year-over-year, as grow growth and wearables is offset by lower revenue in cycling products. In addition, we expect revenue to decline in the first half as we compare against stronger periods from the prior year. In the back half of the year, we expect to return to growth as the cycling market stabilizes and with contributions from new products. In the Outdoor segment, full year revenue increased 14% with growth across multiple categories, driven by strong demand for adventure watches. Full year gross and operating margins were 65% and 38% respectively resulting in operating income growth of 9%. In the fourth quarter, Outdoor revenue decreased 8% primarily due to component constraints in our traditional handheld and dog product categories. We ended the year with unusually high back orders, which were pushed into the new year. On January 18 we announced sweeping updates to our fēnix adventure watch series featuring a distinctive new design and a touchscreen display. We also announced the all-new EPIX with a bright AMOLED touchscreen display and class leading battery life up to 16 days. Last week, we announced the all-new Instinct 2 Series in two sizes, which will expand the addressable market for this unique adventure watch. Select Instinct 2 models with solar technology can operate indefinitely using only the power of the sun, which is a breakthrough achievement in the smartwatch market. Demand for these new products has been very strong and we expect them to be a significant catalyst for growth in the coming year. With these things in mind, we anticipate outdoor revenue will increase approximately 20% for the year. Looking next at the Aviation segment, full year revenue increased 14% due to contributions from both OEM and aftermarket categories. Full year gross and operating margins were 73% and 27% respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 40%. In the fourth quarter, Aviation revenue was up 13%, driven by growth in OEM categories. Aftermarket sales were flat due to component supply constraints. Aviation also ended the year with unusually high levels of back orders, which carry into the new year. The pandemic highlighted the unique value proposition of general aviation. Aircraft OEMs are reporting robust orders from both new and existing customers. Aftermarket demand is also strong as customers invest in new cockpit systems. We expect these to ends to drive revenue growth of 10% for the year with revenue exceeding the peak we experience during the ADS-B mandate. We expect incrementally stronger growth in the back half as production levels increase over the course of the year.  Moving to Marine, the segment delivered another year of impressive results. Revenue increased 33% with broad-based growth across all categories, led by strong demand for chartplotters. We benefited from both market expansion and share gains driven by our strong product portfolio. Full year growth in operating margins were 57% and 28% respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 39%. In the fourth quarter, Marine revenue increased 14% as the strong trends we experienced throughout the year continued. We recently acquired Vesper Marine, a company specializing in the design of modern VHF radio systems for the Marine market. Looking forward, we anticipate that strong interest in boating and fishing will remain strong. Boat builders continue to report strong sales and retail partners are preparing for another year of growth. With these things in mind, we anticipate revenue from the Marine segment will increase 15% surpassing the $1 billion threshold for the year. Moving finally to the auto segment. Full year revenue increased 26% with contributions from both auto OEM and consumer auto categories. Full year gross margin was 39% and we recorded an operating loss of $71 million, driven by investments in auto OEM programs. In the fourth quarter, auto revenue was up 21% with contributions from consumer specialty categories and new OEM programs. In consumer auto, we continue to launch new specialty categories that lead to growth opportunities. At CES, we announced the tread series for the side-by-side vehicles, bringing off-road specific features and inReach communications to the side-by-side market. Last week, we announced the Instinct Dezl Edition, the first smart watch designed specifically for the trucking market. BMW recently unveiled their vision for in-car entertainment, bringing a truly cinematic experience into the vehicle. This immersive entertainment system is powered by a multimedia computing platform designed and built by Garmin. We continue to invest heavily to bring this and other BMW systems to market. The investment has been more insignificant than anticipated and these investments are expected to continue throughout the remainder of the year as we fulfill our obligations to BMW. This will result in auto OEM operating loss for the year that is roughly comparable to that of 2021. We expect to start production of the next-generation BMW computing platform later this year at low volumes with a more meaningful production ramp occurring in 2023. With these things in mind, we expect total auto revenue to grow approximately 5% for the year. So that concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk through additional details on financial results and our updated guidance. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full year financial results, provide comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes and 2022 guidance. We posted revenue of $1.3 billion for fourth quarter, representing a 3% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 55.5%, 300 basis point decrease on the prior year quarter. Decrease was primarily due to higher freight costs and favorable impact of foreign exchange rates. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 32.8%, 170 basis point increase. Operating income was $315 million, a 15% decrease. Operating margin was 22.6% for an 80-basis point decrease from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $1.48, pro forma EPS was $1.55, a 10% decrease in the prior year pro forma EPS. Looking at the full year results, reported revenue over $4.9 billion, representing 19% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58%, 130 basis point decrease in the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to higher freight costs.  Operating expense percentage sales was 33.6% [indiscernible] basis point decrease. Operating income was $1.2 billion, a 16% increase. Operating margin was 24.5% a 70-basis point decrease in a prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $5.61, pro forma EPS was $5.82 and 13% increase in a prior year pro forma EPS. Next, we’ll get fourth quarter revenue by segment and geography. During the quarter, we achieved consolidated growth of 3% with double-digit growth in the Aviation, Marine, Auto segments partially offset by declining in the Outdoor segment. Fitness segment is relatively flat year-over-year. By geography, 8% growth in APAC and 5% growth in Americas was partially offset by declining of 2% in EMEA, which was natively impacted by foreign exchange rates during the quarter. For the full year 2021, we achieved 19% consolidated growth with solid double-digit growth in all of our five segments. By geography, we achieved double-digit growth in all three regions led by 21% growth in APAC followed by 19% in Americas, 18% in EMEA. Looking at operating expenses, fourth quarter operating expenses increased by $37 million or 9%, research and development increased $22 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs. SG&A increased $15 million compare to prior year quarter, primarily due to increases personnel related expenses, information technology costs. Our advertising expense was consistent the prior year quarter. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and dividends. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities approximately $3.1 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially $843 million of the strong sales in a fourth quarter and was relatively flat year-over-year. Inventory increased year-over-year to $1.2 billion increases due to several factors, including preparation for first quarter product launches, increased level indoor recycling products, expansion of our global manufacturing footprint and executing our strategy and increased data supply to support increasingly diversified product lines. During 2022, we expect our inventory balance continue to grow, to work to optimize the mix of ocean versus air freight shipments carry sufficient level of safety stock to mitigate increased lead times and generally manage the supply of raw materials. In the fourth quarter 2021, we generated free cash flow of $49 million. For the full year 2021, we generated free cash flow of approximately $705 million, $245 million decrease in the prior year, primarily due to increased inventory levels and higher capital expenditures. 2022 expect free cash flow for approximately $725 million approximately $310 million of capital expenditures. For 2022 expected continued make investments, platforms or growth, including our Taiwan manufacturing facilities continued renovation of our Olathe facilities to increase work space capacity and IT related projects. Also, we announced our plans to seek your approval for an increase in our dividend beginning with the June 2022 payment. Proposal the cash dividend of $2.92 per share or $0.73 per share per quarter, the 9% increase from our current quarterly dividend of $0.76 per share. For full year 2021, report an effective tax rate of 10.3%. Turning next to our full year guidance. We estimate revenue approximately $5.5 billion, an increase of 10% over the prior year, double-digit growth in three of our five segments. We expect gross margin to be approximately 57.5%, which is lower than in our full year 2021 gross margin, primarily due to higher supply chain costs and less favorable foreign exchange rates partially offset by increases in selling prices. We expect an operating margin approximately 22.8% and the full year pro forma effective tax rate is expected to be approximately 10.5%, results in expected pro forma earnings per share approximately $5.90 cents. Finally, I discuss the changes in our methodology for classification of certain expenses, an allocation of certain expenses among the segments, trying to reflect these changes in our reporting for the first quarter of 2022 and prior periods will be recast conform to revised representation. The new expense classification result in less indirect SG&A costs and classified as R&D expense, which we believe will provide a more meaningful representation, the cost incurred to support R&D activities. Consistent the way management will use information, decision making. Basically, the approximately $61 million of expense as classified as R&D 2021 will be recast as SG&A. Future reports will also reflect refined methodology to allocate certain SG&A expenses to segments in a more direct manner, based on analysis of activity supported by the expenses. We believe this refined allocation approach result in more meaningful reputation of segment operating income. We estimate that Fitness and Outdoor be allocated more SG&A expenses resulting in lower operating margin while other segments be allocated less SG&A expenses, resulting in higher operating margin. These changes have no impact from a consolidated operating income or net income. Concludes our formal remarks. Valerie, please open a line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes to Nik Todorov of Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nik Todorov: Yes, thanks, and good morning, everyone, and congrats on great execution and results. Cliff, I think I heard you mentioned during the prepare remarks that you raising prices in some segments. Can you talk in which categories or segments are you able to mitigate the rising input cost and how should we think about the cadence of that mitigation throughout the year? I’m assuming in some segments, it’s harder to pass through to increase prices immediately.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Nik, we have a diversified business. And so, each segment and sometimes within each segments different product categories have different considerations, when it comes to pricing. We’re looking at a combination of both more broad price increases where we are able as well as resetting product pricing as we introduce new products. I think that’s most of what I would probably comment on right now and I think it will take some time for some of these changes of course, to come through, but I’m confident that we’ll be able to see a difference as time goes on.
Nik Todorov: Okay. And as a follow-up, can you talk about how are you navigating through the component constraints? I think particularly in navigation, something we’ve heard is that obviously component lead times have stretched quite a bit, but some components that are used in avionics have been announced as end of life. So, I’m just curious, are you facing any redesigning activity and how should we think about potentially that impacting aviation margins in the near-term?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think component constraints have been a challenge for a while now, as I mentioned in my remarks, vertical integration is a huge differentiating factor for us, because we’re able to use alternative components and we’re able to redesign things when we need to. And we have maintained very good relationships with suppliers. They’re under a lot of pressure at this time too. And they certainly get a lot of people beating them up. We try to focus on relationships. But that said, particularly in aviation, you mentioned end of life as a potential issue. That’s really not a new thing in aviation. I think avionics designs tend to have longer life cycle. So consequently, we’ve dealt with that issue for a long time and we manage through that mostly through a combination of redesigns and also safety stock. So again, I think we’re able to handle this situation better than most because of our strong R&D and our focus on vertical integration.
Nik Todorov: Got it. Very helpful. And Doug, if I can sneak one in for you. Just can you talk about OpEx put and takes in 2022. I know you mentioned you’re going to be changing that and then reallocating expenses. But based on the current reported basis, how should we think about OpEx parts moving as a percent of sales?
Doug Boessen: Sure. So yes, percentage of sales for the full year and looking at the different categories, I’ll talk about it on the new methodology from that standpoint. That’s the way we’re reporting in 2022 and recasting 2021. So, we expect, on overall operating expenses as a percentage of sales year-to-year probably about 120 basis point increase year-over-year. And looking at the various categories first advertising, we expect advertising as a percentage of sales to be up slightly, maybe about 10 basis points. And looking at R&D, we expect that to be up probably about 40 basis points as a percentage of sales. There we’re continuing to make investments and head count as well as compensation related items impacting R&D. Then in SG&A we expect that to be up about 70 basis points as a percentage of sales year-over-year. There the big driver is primarily IT costs, but also, we’ll see increased costs in other parts of our business, such as product support, operations, just because of increased volume as well as more consumers and users.
Nik Todorov: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Chung of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and very nice quarter. So just on margins, given the very strong kind of outdoor aviation, revenue guide would’ve thought that kind of overall margins would’ve seen some benefits there, even with the kind of negative auto contribution this year. So, can you quantify maybe the freight components kind of headwind baked in the margin guide?
Doug Boessen: Yes, this is Doug. We don’t give a breakout of the different components of gross margin on freight. I can give a little bit background on what’s driving that. The 50-basis point decline, so we do expect to see higher supply chain costs year-over-year. Freight increased during the year in 2021. So, we’re going up against tougher comps in freight first part of the year. Also, we’ll see some headwinds relating to FX, also foreign exchange rate in there too, that will give us some headwinds in there too. And then as Cliff mentioned, we’re looking to increase selling prices where we can. But as you mentioned, there’s a lot of puts and takes, a lot of moving parts and that gross margin you have, like you’ve mentioned, some different things relating to segment mix. And there we factored in new product launches, but there overall, still some headwinds on the supply chain side of things and FX that are bringing that I’ll say from an overall basis down about 50 basis points.
Paul Chung: Got you. And then just on outdoor, you know, with handheld and dog products maybe pushing into 2022, should we expect a little less seasonality in 1Q as a result. And then if you could expand on the outdoor guide, which is quite impressive. What’s driving the confidence in that guide and how has the fēnix refresh been received?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think the handheld and dog products as I mentioned, Paul, the back orders for those of course, push into the New Year, and those were driven by supply constraints that we experienced at the end of last year. Those are getting incrementally better, although, we still are taking a wait and see attitude, that we’re building and shipping everything that we can. I think that those categories, are meaningful, but small in the overall scheme of the outdoor segment. So, I don’t think you’re really going to notice a lot of seasonality effect because of that. In terms of the guide, and the potential impact on from the new adventure watches that we introduce. The reception to those watches has been very strong as I mentioned. And of course, the interest in those products and the momentum from them is behind our 20% estimate growth for the year. So, we’re very pleased with that. And we think we’ll have a very good year in outdoor.
Paul Chung: And then lastly, on aviation, your guide implies, revenues now, well above the record 2019 levels on ADS-B, but what’s driving the guide this year? How’s the product portfolio evolved? And then how should we think about operating margins for 2022 in aviation? Can we end the year kind of approaching that 30% or exceed that? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So definitely we’ve recovered a lot of revenue that went away after the ADS-B mandate. We expected that revenue to go away because it was a once in a generation mandate from the FAA to equip every general aviation aircraft, which once that’s done that opportunity, of course, has gone, but we’ve been able to recover those revenues through a strong product line, particularly our flight control systems are very strong, very well received in the market and that’s driven upgrades in cockpits. And as I mentioned in my remarks the general sentiment around OEM aircraft makers is that order books are strong. Customer interest is very strong, and of course, we’re in the bell curve of general aviation, which gives us the ability to grow along with the market there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes with Jeff Harwin of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Jeff Harwin: Hi, thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good quarter and a year. Your auto OEM business is clearly a good growth opportunity for you going forward, but at a lower margin compared to some of your other businesses. How do you think about the revenue growth opportunity versus the headwind to gross margin for the overall company for this business?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think Jeffrey, the opportunity in auto OEM, of course, is the large scale that, that comes with these big programs. So that’s what we’ve been investing to bring to market. As I mentioned they do come with a different margin profile that hasn’t really been our concern relative to the rest of the business, because we’re focusing on the revenue growth and the scale opportunity. But the challenge for us in going forward, of course, is proving that we can get that scale and also be profitable in the business.
Jeff Harwin: Great. Thank you. And as a follow-up, you noted a reduction in your cycling products in your prepared comments, and there have been some demand concerns that one of the largest indoor cycling companies recently. How do you think about this business going forward? And if there was some pull in during the earlier part of the pandemic, how long do you think this takes to work through before the business kind of returns to typical growth?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think your question is interesting. I – we’re not here, of course, to talk about specific names, but I think I understand your comment. And I would say that our indoor cycling products are very different from some of the headline companies that have been talked about a lot recently. Our products are focused on athleticism and performance. And we're not really in the spin bike business, which has been hit pretty hard by people returning to gyms. But in terms of a pull in there, there probably was some, people got interested in those kinds of products. So, they did equip their bikes, they did equip their homes with training devices, but as I mentioned we're seeing the market sell out, normalize around levels above that of 2019, which was the last normal year in that cycle. So, there's some high channel inventory right now, not necessarily specific to our product lines, but every trainer maker rushed into the market and filled the channels. And so that will take some time to work through. We expect probably the better part of this year before things really normalize.
Jeff Harwin: Great. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Cliff, I guess it's been dance [ph] around a little bit, but when you look at the spread in terms of your 2022 guidance for outdoor and fitness, there is widest gap we've seen since, I guess, 2017 and being about a 35-point spread between the two in terms of year-over-year growth. But I guess I'm interested in your thoughts on the high-end wearables within the segments, do you see any secular changes out there which are moving the difference between the two outlooks in the growth rates or going back to that last question, do you think it's just inventory in cycling, what's driving that spread?
Cliff Pemble: Well, lots of moving pieces Ben. And you've kind of hit on the major ones. The one thing I would just highlight in addition is that product life cycle differences between the two segments can definitely impact the growth patterns between the segments we're coming off a super strong launch in outdoor, as I mentioned with the new fēnix, the epix and the Instinct products, and the cadence of introductions and fitness is a little bit different combined that with the overall normalizing of the cycling market. That's why there's the difference between outdoor and fitness.
Ben Bollin: Okay. and the last one for you is, if you look through the elevated auto OEM investment that are happening right now, when you're on the back-end of this, when you're into 2023, any thoughts on what a normalized margin might look like within that business over time?
Cliff Pemble: I think we've mentioned before and is very typical in the auto business that the margins can be in the mid-to-high teens on certain highest volume product lines. So that's what we're expecting, I think that's what we've communicated before to the market.
Ben Bollin: Great, thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Will Power of Baird. Your line is open.
Will Power: Okay, great. Thanks. Yeah, I guess a couple of questions, maybe circling back on fitness. I know, Cliff you noted some of the cycling headwinds, which probably aren't a big surprise, but we'd love to get a bit more color on the confidence and key drivers within the wearable segment that you expect to help offset some of the cycling pressure. And I guess within that, any color on Forerunner and what you're seeing there, is that something that you think can grow as we kind of come out of the pandemic, just thoughts there too?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think, we put out our view of the year based on a high level of confidence that we can achieve what we say. I think that we’ve seen a continual strength in the advanced wearable. That’s really all products with GPS smartwatch capability in our fitness product line. So, we – that includes runner that includes Venu and vívoactive and all those kinds of products. We’re coming off of strong releases from last year and some of the advanced consumer wearables, and then our running products have refreshes coming as well. So, all of those things coming together, we feel like will be positive things. And when you consider that events particularly races like 10-Ks, half marathons, marathons have been mostly canceled during the last two years as some of those start to come online, we think it will drive additional interest in running products.
Will Power: Okay. And then just second question on marine, how do we think about, the potential pull forward impact you saw there? Obviously, you’re competent in a continuing strong growth outlook. So, it feels like you’re not expecting as much of a comp issue there, but would love any kind of color there? And then, any thoughts on best marine and the impact that would have on the 2022 guidance.
Cliff Pemble: In terms of a potential pull forward in marine? It’s always a possibility, I suppose, but in general, the marine market has been very constrained with the supply of boats, whether it’s new boats from manufacturers or used boats, people are not letting go of their boats. And so consequently they’re equipping their boats, there are a lot of boats out there and use that have very old equipment. These are long lived assets on the boats. So, there’s plenty of opportunity for retrofit in the market. And as the new boats are built, many of them are equipped with government products. And so, we believe that the growth opportunity in marine is still very good. In terms of Vesper just quickly comment on that. I would say that it’s a technology and engineering acquisition for us. So, it’s not material in terms of revenue or cost structure, but the group had very significant design capabilities in the area of VHF radios. And so that’s an area we want to build our capability in.
Will Power: Great. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erik Woodring of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erik Woodring: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question. Maybe if we just stay on marine for one second. Can you help us just better understand how the drivers of the marine business are changing at all meaning, we know there are still backlogs that’s in the OEM business, that’s typically a smaller part of your marine business, but what do you just seeing in 2022 versus 2021 that give you the confidence in the 15% growth?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I would say Erik it’s really the same factors that drove 2021 carry forward into 2022. We see strong demand from the – the both builders as they ramp up production to fill the demand. They’ve got historic back orders on their books as well. So, they’re increasing their production that benefits us. And then generally the enthusiasm around new technologies in marine, particularly the fishing area and the advanced sonars that we offer continues to be strong, bringing new people into the market, causing them to replace their old equipment, including both sonars and chartplotter. So, these trends have been the same for a while now, and we expect those to continue in 2022.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Thank you. And then maybe if we just touch on the cost side, I guess based on the kind of the revenue and segment revenue, and then total gross margin disclosure, we do have to assume that gross margins are down across most segments. Is that fair to think, or should it be more acute in certain segments? And then on the operating side, just, is the pressure mostly blamed on investments and autos or again is there investment outside of autos that is going to be more elevated in 2022 relative to say 2021?
Doug Boessen: Yes. Regarding gross margin it's – lot of factors to take place there, product launches, new products take out consideration, some are more impacted on FX than other ones. And as Cliff mentioned some relating to selling prices. So, we do expect probably some kind of depressed overall consolidate, but I think it's going to be a mix among the various segments to get that overall, one. And I probably would say [indiscernible] one would probably would see that gross margins, we'd say that would be down year-over-year, just because the BMW would be a bigger piece of that overall business. And then fitness, also some of the pressures that they have probably be down there too, and allowance probably dependent upon what the product launches and all those different things related. Late into the cost side, yes, auto inside R&D expenses will probably be up over the previous year in 2021, but also, we're seeing increased investments across all of our businesses, R&D will make those investments to drive innovation as well as to see some – from the SG&A side of things, IT type of costs increasing, those type of things just higher level of our business, larger footprints. We have manufacturing operation, those type of things are driving some expenses in there also.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Thanks guys. I appreciate it.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Epstein of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ron Epstein: Hey Cliff. Good morning.
Cliff Pemble: Good morning.
Ron Epstein: In your supply-chain relative to aviation, right, I mean the, the private aviation market is pretty much on fire, right. So, I would imagine the demand signals you're seeing from some of your OEM customers, if they're not really strong right now, they will be soon. I mean, how are you set up for that potential ramp?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we're prepared with plenty of factory capacity. We have always focused on a strong supply chain in aviation so that we can meet the needs of our customers. And as I mentioned in my remarks, absolutely we see the demand from the OEM side and they're reporting robust orders and so we feel like we're very prepared for the increases that they're looking at.
Ron Epstein: Great. And then what, in terms of – if you can even shed any light on it, because I know it's sensitive thing to talk about, but what's going on, on the new platform side. I mean, are you guys actively working with OEMs on potential new platforms?
Cliff Pemble: Sure.
Ron Epstein: That's it, sure.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we're always working on things and of course we can't share anything in advance, but we're always working with new customers and new platforms.
Ron Epstein: Right. Fair enough. I know that's a tough question but, and then with the fēnix in the EPIX – the fēnix 7 and the new EPIX, which are you seeing a better response to because they seem to be pretty similar product?
Cliff Pemble: They're. I suppose, they're similar in some respects, but they're really very different and they probably appeal to different users, but they've both been very strong. We're especially pleased of course with epix. I think people have embraced that very quickly and in both of those product lines, we're seeing very strong demand, which exceeded our expectations.
Ron Epstein: Got it. And I mean, the natural question that exceeded your expectations. Did you have the supply chain to meet that demand?
Cliff Pemble: We feel like, we have plenty of contingencies. And we're working on increasing our supply.
Ron Epstein: Got it. And then maybe just one last question around just logistics, given that you've got a relatively complex supply chain, meaning you've got stuff coming from Asia, and then you've got stuff built here in the U.S., how are you seeing, the kind of the transpacific logistics of product?
Cliff Pemble: I think that the situation is challenging, like everyone is reporting. So, we are no different than that. We see the same things and we're working on managing that situation. The best we can. It's a pragmatic balance between product availability, which speaks to shorter, faster shipment methods, which of course are more expensive versus inventory levels, which allow us to get inventory on slower modes of transportation, which are more affordable. So, we're, doing our best to balance and I think we have a lot of levers that we can use in doing that.
Ron Epstein: Okay, great. Thanks, Cliff.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Derek Soderberg of Colliers Securities. Your line is open.
Derek Soderberg: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Cliff, just curious if you could talk more about the retail channel broadly. Those have been some reporting that a lot of Q4 growth came from inventory building. So, if you could just share what you're seeing as it relates to in, sell in, sell through broadly, that'd be great.
Cliff Pemble: And I think retail channels were very dry for all the reasons that we know. And so certainly retailers wanted to have inventory available, so that they could sell to customers. But at this moment, we feel like sell through is very good. We can definitely track sell through, through our product registrations and our app platforms, and we feel good about what we see there and we don't believe there's any imbalances that are material out in the channel, except for the ones we've noted, which is really the trainer market.
Derek Soderberg: Got it. And I also wanted to ask about supply, you guys have done a really good job on inventory. Seems like, you've done better than most. Now you have more capacity online with the new facility. Have you been, to any degree benefiting at all from supply chain issues, relatively speaking versus competitors, and I guess in terms of Garmin, just more product on the shelves?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think, we have been the beneficiary of some of the challenges that others have faced. So, our investments in inventory, our investments in capacity and our ability to be agile with our product designs has helped us a lot in several segments.
Derek Soderberg: Got it. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. I could turn the call back over to Teri Seck for any closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thanks everyone. As always Doug and I are available for callbacks throughout the day. Have a good one. Bye.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Garmin Limited Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Ms. Teri Seck, Manager of Investor Relations. Ma’am, please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited third quarter 2021 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin’s Investor Relations site at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earning call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at anytime and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company’s business results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today’s date. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri and good morning everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported record revenue of $1.2 billion for the third quarter, increasing 7% over the pandemic fuel levels we achieved in the prior year. Operating income declined year-over-year to $283 million due to a combination of higher freight costs affecting gross margin and increased expenses as we invest in R&D, information technology and marketing initiatives. Operating margin was very strong at 23.7%. There are two things to consider when looking at our performance in the back half of the year. First, financial comparisons to the prior year are more challenging due to the pandemic-driven demand and retail disruptions of 2020. Also, we are facing one of the most challenging supply chain environments in history. Our vertically integrated business model and commitment to safety stock was a key factor driving revenue growth for the quarter, but supplies are tight and we expect freight costs to remain elevated as we rush to fill retail shelves in time for the important holiday selling season. I am pleased with what we have accomplished in this tough environment, and I am very proud of our team who worked tirelessly to maintain continuity supply from our factories to customers. Last time, I mentioned that we invested in a fourth production facility in Taiwan. I am pleased to report that this facility is operational and will help us fill more orders during the important holiday selling season. Given our strong performance in the first three quarters of the year, we are updating our full year guidance. We now anticipate revenue of approximately $4.95 billion, up 18% over the prior year, with double-digit growth expected in each of our five business segments. In a moment, Doug will provide more details on our financial results and updated guidance, but first, I will provide a few highlights for each business segment. Starting with fitness, revenue increased 4% to $342 million, with growth driven primarily by cycling products and advanced wearables. Our Connect IQ development platform is a strong differentiator for us and we are deploying it across a broader range of Garmin devices. We recently held our Fifth Annual Developer Conference, where we announced a partnership with Dexcom to deliver real-time glucose information via a Connect IQ app on selected smartwatches and cycling computers, even during activities. Fitness segment revenue has grown 26% year-to-date and we are maintaining our revenue growth estimate of 17% for the year. Moving to outdoor, revenue decreased 3% to $324 million. The decrease in revenue is due to the strong sell-in activity associated with the launch of our solar adventure watches in the prior year quarter and limited supplies of traditional handheld and dog products in the current quarter. During the quarter, we launched the Approach R10, our first portable golf monitor. The R10 can be used on course or at home to help golfers improve their game with more than a dozen key metrics shown in real time. Customers are very enthusiastic about the R10 and it’s on its way to becoming another halo product for Garmin. Outdoor segment revenue has grown 26% year-to-date and we are maintaining our growth estimate of 17% for the year. Looking next at Aviation, revenue increased 19% to $180 million, with growth in both OEM and aftermarket product categories. During the quarter, we were ranked number one in avionics product support by Aviation International News for the 18th consecutive year. Being consistently recognized for unrivaled support year after year clearly shows our strategic focus on taking care of customers and standing behind our products. We launched Smart Glide, a game changing safety feature inspired by Autoland technology that will help pilots manage loss of engine power by automatically flying the optimal glide ratio and navigating to the best available airport. Also in the quarter, we announced the certification of the GFC 600H flight control system on the Bell 505 helicopter. This advanced autopilot includes state-of-the-art safety features, such as electronic stability control and a hover-assist mode. We are pleased with how the Aviation segment has recovered so far this year and now expect full year revenue guidance to increase approximately 12%. Turning next to the Marine segment, revenue increased 25% to $208 million, with growth across multiple categories, led by chartplotters. We continue to be recognized for innovation and achievements in the marine industry. For the seventh consecutive year, the National Marine Electronics Association named Garmin Manufacturer of the Year, and we also received 5 Product of Excellence awards. During the quarter, we introduced Surround View, the industry’s first intelligent camera system that provides a 360-degree bird’s eye view around the vessel. We also announced our partnership with Malibu Boats. Our 7-inch touchscreen displays will be standard equipment across the Malibu Axis boat line, beginning with the 2022 model year. Given the strong year-to-date performance on the Marine segment, we are raising our revenue growth estimate to 30% for the year. And looking finally at auto, revenue increased 7% to $138 million, with growth primarily driven by OEM programs. During the quarter, we began production shipments of the BMW computing module from our Olathe, Kansas manufacturing facility and we delivered prototypes of the next-generation BMW system from our new manufacturing facility located in Poland. We also recently announced a refreshed lineup of Drive navigators for the consumer auto segment. These devices offer larger, higher resolution displays as well as enhanced connected features. Given the strong year-to-date performance of the auto segment, we are raising our revenue growth estimate to 17% for the year. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results and updated guidance. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I begin by reviewing our third quarter financial results, provide comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes, our updated guidance. We posted revenue of $1.192 billion for the third quarter, representing a 7% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.4%, 180 basis point decrease compared to prior year quarter. The decrease was primarily due to higher freight costs. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 34.7%, 310 basis point increase to the prior year quarter. Operating income was $283 million, 11% decrease. Operating margin was 23.7%, a 290 basis point decrease. Our GAAP EPS was $1.34. Pro forma EPS was $1.41. Next, with our third quarter revenue by segment, we have a highly diverse business model, provides a rich set of opportunities, reduce our reliance on single markets and product lines. In the third quarter, we achieved growth in 4 or 5 segments, double-digit growth in both Marine and Aviation. Fitness is our largest segment, contributing 29% of the sales in the third quarter, followed by outdoor at 27%. Moving to our revenue by geography, Americas and EMEA regions grew 10% and 9%, respectively, with APAC region decreased 2%. The Americas region contributed nearly one-half of our revenue, the remaining coming from the EMEA and APAC regions. Looking next, operating expenses. Third quarter operating expenses increased by $62 million or 18%. Research and development increased $39 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs. SG&A increased $21 million compared to prior year quarter, primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses, information technology costs. Our advertising expense increased approximately $3 million due to higher media spend. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities were $3.2 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially and year-over-year to $639 million. Inventory balance increased, both a sequential year-over-year basis, to $1.1 billion, primarily due to raw material requirements in preparation for the seasonally strong fourth quarter. During the third quarter 2021, we generated free cash flow of $204 million, a $32 million decrease compared to prior quarter. Capital expenditures for the third quarter were $41 million. We expect full year 2021 free cash flow to be approximately $750 million, capital expenditures of approximately $325 million in the third quarter of 2021 for an effective tax rate of 5.9% compared to 6.9% in the prior year. The decrease was primarily due to impact return provision adjustments associated with filing the U.S. tax return. Turning next to our full year guidance, we estimate revenue of approximately $4.95 billion, increase of 18% for the prior year, double-digit growth in each of our segments. We expect gross margin to be approximately 58.2%, which is lower than our previous guidance, 58.5%, due to higher freight costs. We expect an operating margin of approximately 24%. Also, we expect the full year 2021 pro forma effective tax rate to be approximately 11.5%, which results in pro forma earnings per share of approximately $5.60. This concludes our formal remarks. Rachel, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Paul Chung from JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks for taking my question. So just on Aviation. 4Q implied guide kind of suggests a sequential downtick. You typically see an uptick in 4Q. So what’s going on there? Is that an impact from supply chain headwinds? And then on op margins, it stabilized in 3Q, but you still remain well below that low-30s range you’ve seen historically. So is this the right level to think about moving forward? Or is there also some transitory hits in the near-term?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Thanks, Paul. I think certainly, there is some noise associated with aviation in the prior year versus this year as well. So part of it is timing of shipments that occurred from year-to-year, but also lead times on equipment and aviation is getting longer. So we’re accounting for that and wanting to make sure that we’re taking into account all of those factors that might affect Q4 revenue.
Paul Chung: Thanks. And then as we think about next year in the context of pretty strong business jet demand, do you see this business growing along with the industry or at a faster pace given kind of the new certifications, auto land and Smart Glide that you’ve introduced?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think we have the most innovative product line, for sure. So across aftermarket and OEM, we’re well positioned with our products and on the platforms that are the most popular. The most significant interest in business jet demand right now is in the sweet spot of where our products are installed. So I would expect that we would continue to perform well as the industry performs.
Paul Chung: Okay. Great. And then lastly, inventory balances have increased as you signal. How comfortable are you heading into the holiday season with supply components, logistics? And then separately, as we head into fiscal year ‘22, how should we think about working cap, particularly in inventory, you’re going to have a bigger harvest. And then the pace of CapEx in ‘22 would be helpful as well. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I’ll just make a comment on the general inventory, and then ask Doug to finish the other parts of your question. But in this environment, I think inventory is definitely a positive thing. And we’ve been able to secure the kind of inventory that we feel we need to make for a successful year. I think nobody would ever say they have too much in this environment. And with shipping delays that are taking place that we hear of every day in the news, definitely a higher level of inventory as required. So Doug?
Doug Boessen: Yes. First, regarding free cash flow and inventory levels, as Cliff mentioned, we will be continuing to keep our inventory levels at the appropriate level to meet our demand. So there will be increased levels at year-end with that. As it relates to CapEx, our forecast for the current year is $325 million. There is a number of projects that we do have in place for that. So we do expect some elevated CapEx going into 2022. So those things will need to be factored into free cash flow when we come up to 2022 relating to the inventory levels as well as CapEx.
Paul Chung: Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben Bollin: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question. Cliff, I was hoping we could talk a little bit about how you think about the advanced wearables business near-term, longer term within Fitness and Outdoor, in particular? Any thoughts you have on – maybe you saw some pull forward during COVID. How significant do you think that might have been versus kind of broader secular category growth? Also interested in any thoughts you have on sell-in inventory stocking versus like sell-through performance and where channel inventory you feel is today versus maybe history?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So I would say in terms of the general performance of those categories over the past nearly 2 years now, certainly, there was a lot of pandemic-related interest in those products in the early part of the pandemic cycle. That interest, of course, still remains very strong, and we believe, as the industry has reported that there is still a lot of growth potential in the wearables market, I think we’re positioned really well in that market because we are differentiating ourselves around the active lifestyles theme. So everything we do with our products has a purpose and is built for purpose. In terms of sell-in versus sell-through, I think we can definitely see those trends with our product registrations, and we feel like the sell-in and sell-through is matched very well at this point. And the inventory levels in the channel are better than they have been, although, again, depending on product lines, there can be pockets of imbalances here and there.
Ben Bollin: And then the other question I have is just in regards to calendar 4Q this year versus prior years. Have you seen any notable changes either in timing around retailer commitments as they prepare for the holidays? Any thoughts around the promotional environment versus prior years and anything along the lines with consumer behavior? Do you think they are shopping earlier versus prior? And that’s it. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of our Q4 versus prior years, last year, I think the market was still very distorted with many retailers starting to reopen or figure out how to open in light of the pandemic, and their inventories and online warehouses were very much depleted. So we’re still seeing that pandemic-driven spike on a year-over-year comparison basis. In terms of promotional environment this year, I would say that things feel like they are getting a little bit back to normal, although it remains to be seen. I would say that there is not a rush as far as we can see that everyone is trying to shop early. There is obviously reports of that in light of the general inventory situation you see with products on the market. But in general, I would say that it’s looking more normal in the seasonality of the business.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Will Power from Baird. Please, proceed with your question.
Will Power: Okay, great. Yes, I guess a couple of questions. First, I was hoping to come back just to some of the supply chain commentary. And I guess just trying to better understand and, if possible, where you’re seeing the primary impacts? What segments, I guess, in particular? And how you’re thinking about the overall impact in Q4 versus what you saw in Q3? Do you expect it to get worse? Is it stabilizing? Just some broader views on that front would be great.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. Yes, I would say that the supply chain environment, as I mentioned earlier in my remarks, is really tough. We’re handling thousands of components on a day-to-day basis and managing the inflow and the use of those components and, in some case, allocating how they are allocated to product manufacturing. But in terms of our Q3, I would say that definitely, we saw an impact in the Outdoor segment with regard to those products. I mentioned the dog products and the traditional handheld. But for the most part, across the business, we’re doing okay and managing it again on a day-to-day basis. So that’s generally what we see.
Will Power: Okay, thanks. And then a question on auto, I guess maybe two-part. As you think about the OEM segment, what’s the current thought process on margin outlook there? I know there have been investments as programs ramp up, but any thoughts as to how to think about the cadence of margins from here? And then I guess, on the consumer side, margin is down a bit year-over-year – operating margin is down a bit year-over-year. I assume that’s just something tied to mix, but any color there would be helpful, too? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So on OEM, in the margin outlook as our business transitions to the Tier 1 manufacturing opportunities that we have been talking about, of course, those have a thinner margin on the gross margin line. So, that will definitely impact our gross margin as we develop the scale and get these programs into production. Then of course, our – what we are working towards is profitable bottom line. But again, you should think of those in terms of traditional auto OEM margin structures. On the consumer side, definitely, we saw some impact on margin there. Part of that is freight. But we also had some component costs in the consumer auto side that impacted the gross margin.
Will Power: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth from Tigress Financial Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Ivan Feinseth: Hi. Thank you for taking my call and congratulations on good performance in a difficult time.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Ivan Feinseth: Some of the headwinds you spoke about, freight, things like that, are you starting to see them abate, or what is your near-term outlook on some of these?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Near-term, we would say it’s an ongoing thing. We probably don’t see anything in the near to intermediate-term that really changes what’s happening right now until there is really more capacity brought into the system and some of these bottlenecks get solved.
Ivan Feinseth: But maybe you have a slight increase in cost, but it’s not really disrupting your manufacturing process, right?
Cliff Pemble: No. Like I have mentioned, we have managed the situation very well, probably as well as anyone could ever imagine. And I would say in this environment, of course we are very sensitive to the profitability. So, we are using this situation to reevaluate pricing of both existing products as well as new product introductions and promotions that we do in order to adjust.
Ivan Feinseth: Great. And your CapEx spending, you said you are going to increase spending on R&D, IT and marketing. In what kind of R&D areas can you give some idea of what you are working on or see, like new opportunities also in your IT, what areas are you looking to invest in and improve? And what type of marketing initiatives could we expect to see going forward?
Cliff Pemble: Well, in terms of R&D, one of the bigger pieces of the increase in Q3 was the investment in the auto OEM programs to bring the next-generation BMW system to the market, which we will launch later next year. And then across the business, we have had higher personnel costs as we work to retain our people and also general growth as we invest in new product categories and new markets across our segments. IT, our business is very much driven around the cloud and the online component of our products and the things that we offer. And so we are investing in the IT infrastructure that we need to support all of that business. Marketing wise, again, we have got exciting product roadmaps. And so we are working on all of those and getting ready to launch new products.
Ivan Feinseth: I really like the Dexcom partnership, the integration of – into your app and wearables there. What other kind of areas can you give some idea of stuff that you are looking at?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think Connect IQ is a very versatile platform. That allows people to tap into, by far, the best hardware-based platform for wearables and purpose-driven devices that we have in cycling and outdoor traditional, those kinds of products. So, it’s a great asset for us, and we are constantly working on new opportunities to showcase Connect IQ apps with our devices.
Ivan Feinseth: Okay. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Nik Todorov from Longbow Research. Please go ahead.
Nik Todorov: Yes. Thanks and good morning everyone. A question on marine, I think you guys continued to perform exceptionally well there and even versus tougher comps, especially if you compare it to some of the other segments that benefited last year from COVID, like fitness and outdoor. So, can you give us some – a little bit more details on what’s driving the ability to address upside in marine? Is it ability to have better supply than competitors in gaining share, or what’s the – kind of some of the drivers there?
Cliff Pemble: Well, there is a lot of moving pieces in all of that, for sure. I would say that our product line is superior and we are gaining market share with particularly some of the halo technologies that we have, such as live scope. The supply chain issue is, again, across the business. But in marine, we were able to benefit there by being able to continue to deliver products and take advantage of opportunities. And then on the OEM side of marine, they are of course, ramping up their production lines to meet the boat demand, that is still very persistent and extends, even now we are hearing into 2023 in terms of their backlog. So, we are working to support those customers, those OEM customers and support the general growth of the market that’s taking place right now.
Nik Todorov: Okay. Thanks for that. And then a question on the model, Doug, maybe – I am sorry if I missed this, but you took gross margin down for the year, but then the operating margin up. So, can you share what is the offsetting factor there?
Doug Boessen: Yes. It’s really leveraging operating expenses. So, looking at our operating expenses really gave that difference between the operating margin as well as the gross margin decline there.
Nik Todorov: Okay. Got it. Thanks. That’s all the questions for me. Good luck guys.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks Nik.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erik Woodring: Thank you and good morning everyone. Cliff, I guess this one is just for you. I just want to be clear. Would you say, as you sit here today, obviously, we know about the supply chain challenges, but do you feel confident right now in Garmin’s ability to have products on the shelf for the holiday season? I just want to start with that one, and then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes.
Erik Woodring: Easy enough. And half of those numbers would be…
Cliff Pemble: I am not sure you heard me correctly. You said, are you confident? And I said, yes.
Erik Woodring: Yes. No, that’s perfect. Second question was just if we look by geographies, APAC was noticeably weaker than North America or – and EMEA. Just curious if you could share some color there why that would be? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. In APAC, there is really two factors. One was the rolling progress of the pandemic as Delta swept through various countries across the region. And so we had some impact in the markets generally as there were more stringent lockdowns and measures taken to control the Delta spread. And then the other major factor was the timing of product introductions, particularly in outdoor. The APAC market is definitely reliant on those product introductions. And so they are comping against the very strong introduction of our solar products that we did last year in Q3.
Erik Woodring: Got it. Thanks. And if I could just sneak one last one in there. Just you made those comments about the boating market, specifically the OEM market. I guess with that, the fact that backlog is potentially extending out to 2023, is it accurate to say that there might not be as weak of a off-season this year similar to last year? Is that a fair thing to say?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think the OEM part of the business is a smaller percentage compared to aftermarket. So, even if it swings to a greater degree, it’s less influential on the overall business just because of the mix of that. But that said, I would say that the seasonality of marine is a little bit more normal in the current year versus where we saw last year. So, we would expect as economies and business activity tends to normalize around the pandemic and endemic behaviors of this virus that the marine industry would also return to its normal seasonality, and we have seen some of that in Q3 and Q4.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Perfect. Thank you, guys.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to Teri. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Thanks everyone, for your time today. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] as a reminder today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your host, Teri Seck, Manager of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning, everyone. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd. second quarter 2021 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin’s Investor Relations site on the internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earning call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed on this earnings call may have occurred and actual results could differ materially as a result of various factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, there’s significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at anytime, and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company’s business results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today’s date. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I’d like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri. Good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported record revenue and operating income for the second quarter. Consolidated revenue increased 53% over the prior year and exceeded $1.3 billion. We experienced strong double digit growth in all five business segments. Profitability in the quarter was also strong. Operating margin expanded to 28% and operating income increased 97% to $371 million. There are two important things to consider when looking at our Q2 performance. First, Q2 of 2020 was negatively impacted by the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic, which reduced consumer demand and disrupted our retail partners. As a result, a portion of the current period growth is attributable to the unusual comparable from the prior year. Second, the compound annual growth rate from 2019 to 2021 was 18% for the period, which is very much in line with recent trends during quarters less impacted by the dynamics of the pandemic. We believe this indicates that the underlying market is healthy and continues to grow. To meet the growing demand for our products, I’m pleased to report that later this fall, we plan to open a fourth production facility in Taiwan, which will approximately double our capacity. This is part of a multi-year initiative to improve our capacity and prepare for opportunities that lie ahead. Also we entered a new phase of our Olathe facility expansion to convert the former warehouse building into additional office space. These projects follow the recent completion of other notable investments, including a new production facility for Tacx cycling trainers, our new auto OEM production facility in Europe and the expansion of our Olathe facility to include auto OEM production. Given our strong performance in the first half of the year, we’re updating our full year guidance. We now anticipate revenue of approximately $4.9 billion, up 17% over the prior year with double digit growth expected in each of our five business segments. In a moment, Doug will provide more details on our financial results and updated guidance. But first I’ll provide a few brief remarks on the performance and outlook of our business segments. Starting with fitness, revenue increased 40% to $413 million with growth across all categories led by cycling products and advance wearables. During the quarter, we celebrated Global Running Day with the launch of two new running watches the Forerunner 55 and the Forerunner 945 LTE. The Forerunner 945 LTE is noteworthy because it includes built-in conductivity and leverages a safety monitoring capability of our recent GEOS acquisition. We also launched the Venu 2 smartwatch in two sizes, which will enhance the appeal of these devices across a broader range of customers. Given the strong performance of the Fitness segment, we’re raising our revenue growth estimate to 17% for the year. Moving to outdoor. Revenue increased 57% to $323 million with growth across all categories led by adventure watches. During the quarter we launched our smallest Dive watch, Descent Mk2S featuring multiple dive modes, multi-sport training and smartwatch features for everyday use. Given the strong performance of the Outdoor segment, we are raising our revenue growth estimate to 17% for the year. Looking next at aviation. Revenues increased 43% to $181 million. And we experienced growth in both OEM and aftermarket categories. Revenue in the quarter was comparable to the levels achieved in the second quarter of 2019, which is significant considering the impact ADS-B had on 2019 performance. During the quarter, Autoland was awarded the prestigious Robert J. Collier Trophy as the year’s greatest achievement in the fields of aeronautics or astronautics. Autoland is the first certified autonomous system designed to activate during an emergency to safely fly and land the aircraft without human intervention. We also announced the acquisition of AeroData, a leading provider of performance information for commercial aircraft serving more than 135 airlines worldwide. AeroData broadens our presence in commercial, and we look forward to building on their success. We’re pleased with how the aviation segment has recovered from the impact of the pandemic and the completion of the ADS-B mandate. We now expect full year revenue to increase approximately 10%. Turning next to the Marine segment, revenue increased 66% to $262 million with growth across multiple categories led by chartplotters. During the quarter, we announced support for Mercury’s SmartCraft engines, expanding list of engines compatible with our display systems. We also launched the MSC 10 marine satellite compass, which provides precise position and heading information without the interference challenges associated with traditional magnetic compass systems. The marine segment is off to a great start in 2021, and we expect that demand will continue to be strong throughout the remainder of the year. With this in mind, we expect full year revenue to increase approximately 27%. And looking finally, our auto revenue increased 74% to $148 million with growth contributions from both consumer categories and new OEM programs. During the quarter, we launched our first connected dash cam with Live View monitoring and premium subscription based cloud storage. Given the strong start to the year, we now expect the auto segment to increase approximately 15%. In summary, we’re very pleased with our performance so far, which gives us confidence to raise our guidance for the year. In addition, we are investing for the future by expanding both our production capacity and office facilities. So we are well positioned to seize opportunities that lie ahead. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results and our updated guidance. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I’ll begin by reviewing our second quarter financial results, make comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes and our updated guidance. We posted revenue of $1.327 billion for second quarter, representing 53% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.8%, 50 basis point decrease the prior quarter. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 30.9%, 670 basis point decrease to the prior quarter. Operating income was $371 million, a 97% increase. Operating margin was 28%, 630 basis point increase. Our GAAP EPS was $1.64 and pro forma EPS was $1.68. Next we will look at our second quarter revenue by segment and geography. We have a highly diverse business model provide the rich set of opportunities and reduce our reliance on single markets and product lines. Fitness is our largest segment contributing 31% of the sales in the second quarter, followed by outdoor at 24%, during the second quarter, which we achieved double-digit growth in all of our segments, led by auto with 74% growth. By geography, America’s region contributed about half our revenue, remaining coming from EMEA and APAC. We achieved double-digit growth in all three regions led by strong growth of 72% APAC, followed by 53% in Americas and 46% in EMEA. Looking next, at operating expenses; second quarter operating expenses increased by $83 million or 25%. Research and development increased $35 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs across all of our segments. SG&A increased $34 million compared to prior quarter, but decreased as a percentage of sales to 12.5%, 270 basis point decrease compared to the prior year. Increase in SG&A was primarily due to increases in personnel related expenses, information technology costs. Advertising expense increased approximately $14 million due to higher spend in the fitness and outdoor segments. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $3.2 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially and year-over-year to $737 million, due to strong second quarter sales; Inventory balance increased sequentially and year-over-year to $939 million, primarily due to raw material requirements. During the second quarter of 2021, we generated free cash flow of $120 million, a $22 million decrease with the prior quarter. Our capital expenditures for second quarter were $110 million. We expect full year 2021 free cash flow to be approximately $750 million and capital expenditures approximately $400 million to invest in expansion projects that Cliff previously mentioned. During second quarter 2021, we reported effective tax rate of 14.8% compared to the prior year quarter gap tax rate of 6.8%, pro forma tax rate of 14%. Turning next to our full year guidance, we estimate revenue of approximately $4.9 billion, an increase of 17% for the prior year with double-digit growth in each of our segments. We expect gross margin to be approximately 58.5%, which is lower than our previous guidance of 59.2% due to higher supply chain costs. We expect in operating margin of approximately 23.8% also expect pro forma effective tax rate of 11.5%, which is higher than our previous guidance of 10.5% the income mix by jurisdiction, which results in pro forma earnings per share approximately $5.50. This concludes our formal remarks. Valerie, if you please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Chung of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks for taking my question and great quarter. So just on the Forerunner 945 LTE, can you give some insights on how that product is doing? What percent of customers are repeat versus new? And then on the monthly LTE contract, how is that margin profile there shake out? And what percent of customers are opting for the LTE function and is the strategy to kind of expand LTE to the Phoenix and other watches and expand the subscription service? And I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, good morning. Paul, I think it’s early days for the 945 LTE. So really not a lot to say yet about the results there and we don’t provide results by product category anyway but I would say that in terms of the kind of customer that will buy this product is a customer that’s specifically interested in the safety story the Garmin offers with the integration with our GEOS subsidiary that we recently acquired, it allows us to offer now with the connectivity and end-to-end solution for people that want real time monitoring of their activities and also the ability to some in safety, help if they need it. So that’s the kind of customer that would take that product. And again, it’s early days and I really can’t speak to the roadmap right now, but it’s something that is compatible with the approach we’ve taken with our InReach product line in terms of safety monitoring for active lifestyles.
Paul Chung: Okay, great. And then on aviation, you’re approaching 2019 levels of revenue and very nice rebound in operating margins. Should we expect to see operating margins kind of hit north of 30% as we navigate through the balance of the year or are there some different dynamics of product mix going on with less ADS-B benefit and then on AeroData, how much contribution should we expect there and talk about any cross selling opportunities you see with that existing customer base. And then finally on Autoland, can this be another kind of ADS-B type of opportunity? I’ve seen very high ASPs for this product. So let’s assume not as large of an adoption there, but what is the penetration rate you think that goes and does AeroData kind of fit in here in terms of improving the overall performance of this feature. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of operating margin, it’s come up in this period because of the additional sales leverage that we have and our aviation team has, of course worked very hard on managing expenses during a pretty difficult challenge that we face. But that said, we don’t forecast really the operating margin that we have for the future. Other than to say, we strive to be and expect to be very profitable. It will depend on the investments that we make in the programs and the new products that we’re doing in aviation. In terms of AeroData contribution, it’s a small adder, but an important one because it’s a very important performance calculation that are done for commercial flights that help airlines conserve fuel, and also provide safety escape procedures for engine out during takeoff. And so that’s a critical function that’s required in commercial aviation, and it’s something that we think we can expand to business aviation as well. And then finally, on Autoland. Autoland is delivering on three models right now, the TBMs, the SF from Cirrus and then the M600 from Piper. And of course in those models, it’s a 100%. So this is not an option. So the market is growing rapidly. The number of aircraft out there is growing with the delivery of those models and they’re very popular models. In terms of the AeroData, part of that, they aren’t closely connected to Autoland per se, but that AeroData in business aircraft would be something that’s an enhancer from a safety and performance point of view.
Paul Chung: Thank you very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. Doug, could you tell us a little bit about how you would characterize the current supplies situation on components? Inventory was obviously looks like a lot of it was raw materials, but how did that influence that availability influence 2Q? How’d you think about what that could do for the remainder of the fiscal year? And then I have a follow-up.
Doug Boessen: Yes. I’ll give you a little flavor on the inventory. The reason that inventory is up year-over-year is due to raw material requirements. We’re looking at making securing our raw material requirements to make sure that we’re meeting the increased demand. I’d say as it relates to the supply chain situation that is something that we’re managing very effectively on a daily basis, just to making sure that we do have the appropriate to components to meet that demand. As I think about the rest of the year as it relates to inventory I think it will increase some even more than what we have today. Probably increased more than what our sales level is going to be and probably just a rough number, probably close to $1 billion probably by the end of the year. That’s something that we’re – the team is all focused on making sure that we are managing the situation, like I said, on a daily basis we have with that.
Ben Bollin: Okay. And then the other item with this facility expansion, as you bring on the fourth Taiwan facility and the potential to double your production, could you talk us through where you think you are right now on utilization of the existing footprint and the timing for when the fourth facility will be online or ready to go, just approximate timing for that would be helpful. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, Ben. I think in terms of utilization of our existing footprint, specifically talking about our consumer manufacturing, I would say, we’re almost at a 100% capacity. I mean, we’ve been bursting at the seams especially keeping up with this market growth and demand. So it’s a very important step for us. And in terms of timing of the new facility, we’re targeting a fall opening to start to produce products there and that will help alleviate our overall capacity constraints.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeffrey Rand of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Rand: Hi. Thanks and congrats on the strong quarter. Your consumer auto business appear to bounce back nicely in the quarter, can you talk about what is driving, is this new or older products? And how do you think about this business going forward?
Cliff Pemble: We saw, Jeffrey, growth in all of the categories in our consumer auto business. We’ve been talking for a while about the growth opportunity and the strength in specialty products. Of course, they did very well and the traditional P&D also bounced back. Some of that is simply the pent up demand as people traveled less last year, and of course, had less demand for those products. But in general, all of the categories did well.
Jeffrey Rand: Great. And based on your revised outlook, it looks like year-over-year revenue growth is going to decelerate in the second half of the year. Are you seeing any signs of slowing demand? Or is this just kind of being driven by the hard comps of the second half of last year?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think, there’s really a few things to consider in our guide. First of all, last year, the first half was very challenging because of the pandemic and we believe that a portion of the impact in the first half was really shifted to the second half. So our second half benefited from what we weren’t able to do in the first half due to the pandemic. And I mentioned those factors earlier that there was a pullback by consumers initially. And then retail partners were disrupted, many of them not even open their doors. So that is a factor as we look at our guide. And then we also look at our product release timing of this year versus last year. That’s a factor in our outlook and finally potential uncertainties around supply chain that’s still exists. So that’s what went into the guide and yes it is at a lower rate than what we experienced in the first half, but we believe that much of that is explained by the factors I just mentioned.
Jeffrey Rand: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Will Power of Baird. Your line is open.
Will Power: Okay, great. Thanks for taking the question. Yes, I guess echo my congratulations on the strong quarter. I guess I’d love any color that you’re able to provide broadly, probably across categories on what the channel inventory situation looks like. And as soon as like strong in demand do you feel like channel inventory is imbalanced where you wanted, so maybe just kind of sell it versus sell through it any broader color there and how that may or may not be impacting the forward outlook?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Thanks, Will. I think in terms of channel inventory, it’s better than it has been in the past, but still depending on product and segment there’s areas of lean inventory that we continue to scramble to fill. We’re air shipping, lot of our products right now in order to keep up with that. And the sell through that we see, especially on those products that we have the ability to observe through registrations in Garmin connect. The sell through has been in line with the deliveries we’re making. So the inventory situation a little bit better, but still not where we need to be.
Will Power: Okay. And then just wanted to ask on the M&A outlook from here. I mean, obviously you continue to generate strong cash flow? Just any color on areas of interest and kind of what valuation parameters look like and how much of a barrier is that here, given some of the broader demand trends for some areas you might be targeting?
Cliff Pemble: I think M&A is something where we’re continually looking at. We are usually looking at a few different opportunities at anyone given time. I really don’t ever share what specifically we’re interested in, but I would say anything that complements our segments in terms of technology or adjacent products is, are things that are interesting to us. Valuations are kind of a challenge, is very nuanced right now. There’s obviously a lot of exuberance in the market and expectations. So we certainly don’t want to, and aren’t interested in those things that are simply out of line. And so we typically don’t engage on those.
Will Power: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Todorov of Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nik Todorov: Hi. Yes. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for the questions. Doug, if I look at the guidance, you took gross margin down because of the component cost. But you took operating margins guide up. I wonder, is that driven by leverage or has your OpEx plans for the year change? I have, because it looks like your R&D and specifically OEM out or R&D came down meaningfully sequentially, is that reflecting, receiving credits from OEMs or what’s driving that?
Doug Boessen: Yes. I just want to give you a flavor for the overall OpEx for the full year as percentage of sales and kind of sequential what’s going on there. So on a full year basis as a percentage of sales, we expect operating expenses to be up about 60 basis points year-over-year, looking at each one of the categories advertising, our goal is to keep that relatively flat for percentage of sales on a full year of basis. Now it will increase on absolute dollars, as co-op increase sales and media spend. As it relates to R&D, we do expect that to be up about 50 basis points year-over-year percentage of sales and there just increased head count to support our product roadmap. We’re talking about investing in auto OEM, et cetera. Then on SG&A, a little flavor there, percentage of sales on a full year basis. We expect that to be slightly up maybe about 10 basis points, and that’s really due to increased sales, also driving that to volume some of the areas such as IT costs, as well as product support and different operations. As it relates to R&D on a sequential basis the situation there is that is lower in the second quarter due to reimbursement of some change or requests from our OEM partners. The situation is whenever an OEM partner gives a change or request, we get reimbursed for that and that shown as reduction in R&D. So there may be a little bit bumpy between the quarters there from my standpoint.
Nik Todorov: Okay. Got it. Very helpful. Thanks. And Cliff, if I look at the aviation guidance and implies meaningfully lower sequentially second half revenue. What would be driving aviation sales to go down from here? And also as it related as speak aviation, how should investors think about normalized operating margins in aviation once that business kind of goes back to normal?
Cliff Pemble: I think in terms of second half Nik, again, we try to analyze all the factors that we can and in coming up with that. And there’s quite a bit of art and a little bit of science that goes into it. But some of our outlook for the second half is related to the timing of deliveries of certain products to customers. So that’s one thing we benefited some in the first half because of some accelerated delivery. So that’s part of it. In terms of the normalized growth rates, I mean, there’s a lot of studies and a lot of people that put effort into long-term projections for the aviation market, and they typically grow at or above GDP levels for developing countries. And frankly, those studies are so long-term, it’s very difficult to know how real they are based on everything that can happen. As we know, pandemics can change the whole course of the growth trajectory. So we probably only look at that from a passing interest point of view and we generally say that we want our Aviation segment to continue to grow both in terms of market share and penetration on platforms and with market growth.
Nik Todorov: Got it. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ivan Feinseth of Tigress Financial. Your line is open.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on another incredible quarter.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth: On your increased guidance, you increased the guidance for marine tremendously from 15% to 27%. What is driving that growth?
Cliff Pemble: Well, the marine market continues to be very strong. There’s a lot of interest in boating, our boating OEMs. The people that build the boats are backlogs now many into 2022, and some are even saying that’s closing as well. So there’s just a lot of interest in boating. Our retail partners also see a lot of interest in people upgrading their existing boats. So the momentum is there and we’re simply working very hard to satisfy the needs of the market.
Ivan Feinseth: And you’re seeing equal demand from OEMs and let’s say, aftermarket products as well, which has been doing better?
Cliff Pemble: I would say just generally, they’re both very strong, it tends to go up and down. The OEMs have taken some time to spin up their production. Because of course, it’s very complex and a lot of materials involved in what they do. But they’re definitely accelerating. We’re seeing that in our OEM product sales and meanwhile retail, there’s still a lot of interest from our retail partners and a lot of promotions plan for the products in the future.
Ivan Feinseth: A lot of people would say, buy and use boats and then just upgrading all of the marine equipment.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. When they can find the used boat the market is so incredibly tight, no one is letting go of their boats.
Ivan Feinseth: And then also with your incredible innovation on the aviation side for autonomous control, like auto land and smart glide, are you seeing incorporating that in OEM automotive, autonomous capability and working with some of – not only the OEM manufacturers, but some of the OEM autonomous computer manufacturers of say like Nvidia and Qualcomm, and then, Waymo and GM Cruise.
Cliff Pemble: I would say that the autonomous technologies between aviation and auto are very different, so there’s little overlap in terms of what we’re doing in those areas. So really nothing to comment there.
Ivan Feinseth: But what about your camera capabilities, you have some AI capabilities in your OEM cameras.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I mean, from a sensor fusion point of view and sensor technology, those are building blocks for sure of things that can be applied. But for the most part auto OEMs have their strategies and their partners that they’re using to work on the autonomous kind of features that they want. And so we’re a part of their overall plan, but not necessarily the ones that are doing their technology.
Ivan Feinseth: And then one last area, in corporate wellness, you had made some comments on opportunities there. What kind of opportunities do you see growing the let’s say, corporate wellness integration into your Garmin Connect app and things like that.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we continue to press on those opportunities. I think what’s interesting about corporate wellness and some of those programs wellness opportunities that are out there. Each one is different. It requires some level of customization, especially on the part of partners. The benefit that we have in our offering is that we have a broad product line that can be applied to almost any kind of opportunity. And we’ve served opportunities anywhere from the very highest end Phoenix on down to the entry-level vívofit. So we continue to work on those and we continue to look for more opportunities in that space.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you and congratulations again.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Ivan.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Derek Soderberg of Colliers Securities. Your line is open.
Derek Soderberg: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Doug, I want to start with automotive margins. I’m curious how we should think about gross margins and operating margins sort of that trajectory as you transitioned to the OEM side on some of those investments you’re making there conclude maybe over the short or medium term? And I have a follow-up.
Doug Boessen: Sure. As it relates to overall auto, you’re seeing that those gross margins are decreasing as our auto OEM business becoming a bigger piece of auto. And also more specifically within auto OEM, you’re seeing that gross margin come down on a year-over-year basis also since some of our new programs primarily, BMW, be it hardware related, have a lower gross margin overall. So it’s really just going to be a function as it relates to the gross margin in there, as those newer piece of our business become a larger piece of that, and actually kind of play into a segment type of a mix in there from a standpoint of what’s on those gross margin on an overall basis. As it relates to the operating margins there, so yes, the consumer auto business is doing well. From that standpoint, we are in the investment stage relating to auto OEM. So with that we have a high R&D standpoint. So we’ll probably be in that for a couple of years here till we get into production standpoint.
Derek Soderberg: Got it. And then just curious quickly on Prime Day, wondering how that was relative to prior years? And if that had any impact on your guidance for the rest of the year? And then just a quick one on that as well. How does a Prime Day typically impact gross margin for you guys? Thanks.
Doug Boessen: Yes. So with that the Prime Day year-over-year, there was a shift from the standpoint. So last year, that was in the third quarter this year – in the second quarter. So that did impact, as Cliff talked about comparable that we do have. As it relates to the gross margins there are – that’s a more promotional business for us in that standpoint, but kind of from an overall full year standpoint probably didn’t impact it a whole lot.
Derek Soderberg: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erik Woodring of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erik Woodring: Good morning, guys. Congrats on the quarter. Just want to start. So obviously you’re seeing a stronger 2021, your new guidance range implies some of the upside and 2Q can also continue into the second half. And so can you just maybe help us understand what has changed from your perspective over the last three months that gives you confidence in your new guidance targets? And then just are you embedding any component constraint – any impact from component constraints into that forecast? And then I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Erik, when we create our guidance at the beginning of the year, as I mentioned, there’s a lot of art that goes into it because we’re a business that’s not driven by a backlog book, it’s consumer demand and a lot of times we don’t even see a forecast from our customers and we have to kind of project what they want. So we take that into account at the beginning of the year. By the time we reach this point in the year, of course, we’ve had much more time to evaluate the dynamics of the market and what’s happening. And also we start to see a picture of what will take place in the back half with promotions. So it gives us a better sense of how the year might finish. And that’s why we’ve been able to update our guidance this time, because we saw strong trends in the first half ahead of our expectations. And then as we looked at the second half, now we have more clarity of what’s transpiring for the end of the year.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then, if we touch on margins, mix shift to autos would be a headwind to gross margins, but I believe your guidance also assumed some incremental pressures in the second half unrelated to mix? And so, maybe where are you seeing those pressures? Maybe can you talk about what you’re embedding in terms of cost pressures from the new manufacturing facility? And then maybe also component costs and how that impacts your gross margin, kind of all of that together into one. Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think it’s really very simple. I mean, we take all of those things into account. We look at the general trends of margins based on promotions, we look at what we’re seeing in terms of component trends and other supply chain pressures. So all of that has been factored into our outlook and we do that every year.
Erik Woodring: And maybe if I just clarify that, are you saying you expect more component cost pressure on the second half, or is it more related to logistics? Just want to make sure I understand that.
Cliff Pemble: Generally I would say our supply chain costs in the second half will increase more than what we have seen so far this year. And that’s been built into the guide that we’ve provided.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Super. Thank you so much, guys. Congrats again.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I’m showing no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for any closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thank you so much for your time and have a great day. Bye-bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s conference. Thank you all for participating. Have a great day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the call over to Teri Seck, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning, everyone. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the internet at www.garmin.com/docs. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website.  This earning call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial condition, revenues, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed on this earnings call may have occurred. Actual results could differ materially as a result of various factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, there's significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at anytime, and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company's business results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today's date.  Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, 2021 began on a strong note as momentum from 2020 continued into the new year. Consolidated revenue came in at nearly $1.1 billion, up 25% over the prior year with strong double-digit growth in 4 of our 5 business segments. Gross margin was strong at 59.8%. Operating margin increased to 23.3% and operating income grew 41% to $250 million. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $1.14. Pro forma EPS was $1.18, up 30% over the prior year.  Before turning the call over to Doug, I'll provide highlights by segment and a summary of what we see ahead. Starting with fitness, revenue increased 38% to $308 million, driven by strong demand for cycling products and advanced wearables. Gross and operating margins were 56% and 24%, respectively. Operating income more than doubled over the prior year to $74 million. During the quarter, we introduced Lily, a fashion-first smart watch with exceptional features designed specifically for women. In the cycling market, we launched the Rally power meters, including a version for off-road cycling, which is a new product category for us.  Moving to outdoor. Revenue increased 46% to $256 million with growth across all product categories led by strong demand for adventure watches. The outdoor segment generated strong growth and operating margins of 67% and 36%, respectively. Operating income nearly doubled over the prior year to $93 million. During the quarter, we launched Enduro, a new adventure watch category built specifically for athletes who demand exceptional battery life for endurance racing. We also expanded the Approach family of golf tracking devices with the launch of 3 new products for golfers of every skill level. Looking next at aviation. Revenue decreased 8% to $174 million, driven primarily by reduced contributions from ADS-B products that remained strong in the first quarter of 2020. Excluding the impact from ADS-B, revenue was relatively flat to last year, which is an encouraging signal that the underlying market has stabilized. Gross and operating margins were 73% and 26%, respectively.  During the quarter, Autoland was selected as 1 of 7 finalists for the Robert J. Collier Trophy. The Collier Trophy is a prestigious award that recognizes significant achievements in the areas of aeronautics and astronautics. In addition, we recently added several aircraft models to the list of GFC500 and 600 autopilot certifications, which expands the addressable market for these advanced flight control systems.  Looking next at the Marine Segment. Revenue increased 28% to $209 million. Gross and operating margins were 58% and 29%, respectively. Operating income increased 53% over the prior year to $62 million. During the quarter, we experienced strong demand for chartplotters and Panoptix LiveScope sonars from new boat manufacturers and users preparing their boats for the upcoming season on the water.  Looking finally at auto. Revenue increased 18% to $124 million, and we experienced growth in both OEM and consumer categories. Gross margin was 39% and, and we recorded an operating loss of $24 million, driven by ongoing investments in OEM programs for next-generation vehicles. During the quarter, we entered the powersports market with a full complement of products designed to help recreational off-roaders find their way, stay connected with other riders, control electrical systems on the vehicle and monitor their surroundings. In summary, Q1 was another record-breaking quarter. We're very pleased with what we've accomplished so far this year, and we continue to see strong demand for our products. Some of you are wondering how this strong performance affects our outlook for the rest of the year. We believe there are 2 very important factors to consider. First, much of the year remains ahead of us. Q1 is typically the lowest seasonal quarter of our financial year. It's difficult to predict what the remainder of the year will look like based on 1 period, especially considering the pandemic-driven dynamics of the past year. Second, the electronics industry is experiencing high demand for and short supply of certain electrical components. So far, the impact on us has been minimal due to our inventory strategy and vertically integrated business model. However, the situation is very dynamic, complex and long term in nature and, thus, difficult to predict how it will evolve. With these things in mind, we're maintaining the guidance issued on February 17, 2021. So that concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'm reviewing our first quarter financial results and make comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $1.072 billion in the first quarter, representing 25% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 59.8%, a 60 basis point increase. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 36.5%, a 200 basis point decrease. Operating income was $250 million, 41% increase. Operating margin was 23.3%, 260 basis point increase. Our GAAP EPS was $1.14. Pro forma EPS was $1.18.  Next with our first quarter revenue by segment and geography. For the first quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in 4 of our 5 segments led by the outdoor segment with strong growth of 46% followed by the segment with 38% growth and the marine segment with 28% growth. By geography, we achieved double-digit growth in all 3 segments and by strong growth of 33% EMEA and 31% growth in APAC. Americas grew 18%, is more heavily impacted by decline in aviation. Excluding aviation, Americas' growth was more in line with the other regions. Next, operating expenses. First quarter operating expenses increased by $62 million or 19%. Research and development increased $38 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs across all of our segments, other expenses related to Auto OEM Programs. Our advertising expense increased approximately $4 million due to higher spend in the outdoor and fitness segments. SG&A increased $20 million compared to prior year quarter, a decrease in percentage of sales to 14.7%, a 30 basis point decrease compared to the prior year. Increase in SG&A was primarily due to increase in personnel-related expenses, information technology costs.  A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash, marketable securities approximately $3.2 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $558 million from a seasonally strong fourth quarter. Inventory balance increased year-over-year to $838 million. In the first quarter 2021, we generated free cash flow of $331 million, $147 million increase the prior quarter. And our first quarter 2021 reported an effective tax rate of 12.2% compared to 9.3% in the prior year quarter. The increase in effective tax rate is primarily due to larger amount of reserve releases in the prior year. This concludes our formal remarks. Michelle, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: My first question is just on the component side. I'd just like to dig in there a little bit more to understand, what are the components that are potentially most impacting Garmin as a whole? And then kind of secondary to that, how are component shortages specifically on the auto side impacting you or your partners' ability to meet demand? And then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. Yes, I think as you have read, the situation is very widespread. So there's a lot of impact in some of these major fabs that have had some issues recently certainly impact a broad range of components. So there isn't any given set of components or any one component that I could highlight. It is just a general pressure across the industry. In terms of specifically for auto, we've been very careful with our inventory and supply chain management in auto. And as you know, we've often talked about our strategy of using inventory as a business tool, and so that's helped us. We've not had any major issues with supplying our customers, and I really can't speak to our competitors, but we've been doing everything we can to keep our customers' lines going.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That's super helpful. And then for my follow-up, for the first time in company history, you have over $3 billion of net cash. I know you historically run with a buffer to protect yourselves in times of financial hardship like the pandemic or to maintain your component safety stock. But is there a level of cash where you guys say to yourselves, we need to start putting more of this to work via x, y or z? And if there is, what would be the priorities in terms of reinvesting that cash? Yes.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we don't have a specific number that we target for cash. As you can see, our business is growing at a very nice rate. So as the business grows and gets more complex, of course, we feel like cash is a good thing. Our priorities on cash have remained what they've been for a long time. We want to be a reliable payer of an attractive dividend for our investors. We're focused also on acquisitions, reinvesting in the business that way. And then finally, investing in the business and increasing our production capacity, for example, our facilities, our people, all of these things are priorities for the way we use our cash.
Erik Woodring: Super helpful. And maybe if I could just sneak in 1 more. Just curious on your view how you think about kind of normalize the EBIT margins for outdoor and fitness segments as we kind of come out of COVID, demand somewhat normalizes, the retail environment somewhat normalizes, how we should think about that? And that's my last one.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think we don't target a specific number around our operating margin for these segments. These are segments that have a lot of specialty products in them. And so consequently, we aim to have higher levels of operating margin in those segments to fund our investments. But in general, we don't necessarily target a number. With the sales increases we've been seeing, of course, we get some leverage out of that. So we're very pleased with our performance. .
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Todorov with Longbow Research.
Nikolay Todorov: Yes. Cliff, I think your congrats on doing a great job on the inventory and not being impacted on the component side. I guess related to that, I just wonder if you're seeing any impact from freight costs because I know freight costs from -- particularly from Asia to Europe and North America are up substantially. Your results does not suggest so, but I wonder if you're seeing any headwind from higher logistics costs?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think freight is definitely higher, and it's not a new situation. Actually, we've been experiencing higher freight costs. Over the past year, a lot of freight providers dialed back on their capacity early in the COVID crisis, and that created some constraints even a year ago. So it's not a new thing. Sea freight has got some additional delays. We're actually using a higher mix of air freight right now to keep our product flowing and we're focused on product availability.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. Got it. A question on fitness. Your gross margin was exceptionally strong at 56% relative to last couple of years. I think mix is helping you there with cycling being strong right now. But I just wonder if there's anything else that pushes your fitness gross margin higher relative to last 2 years.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think definitely product mix, in general, we would say, is helping us in fitness. And on the cost side, we've seen some benefit in terms of our overall cost structure on the product. So in general, we've had very good performance on the margin side in fitness.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. And last question for Cliff -- for Doug. Very strong first quarter free cash flow numbers, I think a record for the company, $300 million. How do you feel, Doug, about that relative to your full year free cash flow target? Is it still $725 million? And CapEx was kind of low relative to your full year guide of $350 million last quarter. Is that unchanged?
Doug Boessen: Yes. So first, regarding free cash flow, at this point in time, we're maintaining our overall guidance. So that's a number that we feel confident at this point in time. We'll actually update as we progress through the year. Regarding the CapEx, yes, we still feel confident of the amount that we basically gave our guidance for CapEx. We will be ramping up some of those investments that Cliff talked about. And we talked about during our previous call here in the latter part of the year relating to our consumer manufacturing facilities in Taiwan, we expect increased spend in Q2 and rest of the back half. As well as we're renovating our facilities here in Olathe of actually taking some of our previous facilities that were for distribution manufacturing and renovate those for workspace. So those expenses will be ramping up in Q2 and the rest of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Chung with JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: So just on aviation, a nice recovery in 1Q, which is now exceeding kind of 1Q '19 revenue levels. But operating margins are rebounding but they still are below the 1Q '19 levels despite kind of higher revenues. Any comments on the dynamics there?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think the operating margin in aviation, Paul, is really a function of the lower sales. We're continuing to invest in new program development and technology. So we do have a higher level of R&D spend at this moment. But in general, I think that's really the driver. And as we see the market recover, we should begin to get some leverage out of that again.
Paul Chung: Got you. And then as we kind of move through the year in aviation, given solid 1Q against a pretty tough comp but you have much easier comps ahead for Q2 and beyond, is that 5% target a bit too conservative? I assume some visibility in the segment is slightly higher than your other ones.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think as we mentioned, we're not adjusting our numbers right now. It's certainly true that as we go forward, there's is some interesting comparables in our business compared to last year. Aviation was hit harder and longer last year than other segments, but we're starting to see some positive signs. And as we get a clearer picture after the end of Q2, we'll be able to provide more information.
Paul Chung: And then, Doug, another follow-up on free cash flow. Nice harvesting of accounts receivable and nice profit upside. Should we expect AR to be more of a source of funds this year? And how do we think about working cap investments throughout the year?
Doug Boessen: Yes. So yes, our numbers did come in favorable as it relates to AR there, so it's more favorable. So we may get some more a little bit of a headwind against that rest of the year. The situation is that our customers are really demanding our product, and as a result of that, they basically we have certain credit limits. So in certain cases, they may be paying prior to some of their credit terms to stay on those credit limits. But that's a good thing as they continue to see the demand that we're actually funding that as well as to -- working capital, yes, probably looking at inventory. That's an item that we'll probably make some additional investments in and see that to increase the rest of the year also.
Operator: Our next question comes from Will Power with Baird.
William Power: Yes, a couple of questions. Maybe just a quick follow-up in case I've missed it on the supply chain commentary. Any update you can provide just on current channel inventory across key product categories? Just trying to understand the ability to meet near-term demand, given some of the supply chain component questions out there? And then I got an additional question.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I'd really say a couple of things, Will, on that. But we believe the channel inventory is very lean right now. There's a lot of demand out there for products. And definitely, the supply chain considerations in meeting that demand are more complex when there's increased demand. So that's why we believe that, in general, we see strong demand for the products going forward.
William Power: Okay. All right. And I also want to ask you, I guess, as you look at auto kind of a 2-part question, and you noted that the consumer auto piece grew, and so would love more color there on key drivers. But also just from a broader perspective, love to get your thoughts on the powersport opportunity. I know you've rolled out a couple of initial products. But how are you thinking about the opportunity there near and longer term?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we were pleased to see the consumer auto segment grow. The drivers behind that really are the specialty products that we've been investing in over the years, things like truck and RV and cameras. In terms of powersports, that's a perfect complement to what we're doing in the consumer auto business. The powersports market, as you know, has been growing a lot, especially in the pandemic environment. And so there's a lot of interest in products that can help people enjoy that sport and enjoy their vehicles. And so our solution with Tread and the PowerSwitch and also the cameras is a fantastic way for us to enter that market with a really strong offering.
William Power: Any sense for how broad that portfolio could be over time? I mean are these -- is this kind of a starting point? Or are these kind of the key categories?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think that it remains to be seen. I would say that there's a lot of opportunity in the power sports market and a lot of products that we can do. And so this really is our approach and our strategy in building the business, which is to find great niche categories that we can innovate in and take a strong market share and be able to build the business that way.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ivan Feinseth with Tigers Financial.
Ivan Feinseth: Congratulations on another great quarter and a great start to the year and making it to Mars.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Ivan Feinseth: So in the power sports area, are you going to -- do you think -- envision yourself starting to work with some of the OEM manufacturers, especially for things like the PowerSwitch?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think there's a good level of interest in -- on the OEM side and the products that we're offering. Already ArcGIS has announced our product on some of their vehicles, and we're talking to others as well. But we do feel like we have a compelling offering that is of interest to the market.
Ivan Feinseth: And how was the initial reaction or what was your thoughts on the initial reaction to things like the Tread and the communicator?
Cliff Pemble: I felt it was good. It was encouraging. Clearly, users in that market are watching for the kinds of products that will help them enjoy the sport. And so these are definitely right up their interest alley, if you will, and it leverages all of the strengths that we have across Garmin, including the mapping, the communication and the rugged designs.
Ivan Feinseth: Were there any other areas that surprised you in the quarter?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think we've kind of highlighted most of those. We continue to be really excited about the growth in marine. There's a lot of demand out there for marine products, and we expect that will continue. Fitness has been fantastic, of course, with cycling and advanced wearables. Lily was a great new product for us as well. And aviation, we're excited to kind of see things stabilize, and we're getting a lot of positive feedback as trade shows and manufacturers and shops installing equipment are all making positive remarks.
Ivan Feinseth: What kind of attendance are you seeing in at the trade shows as look -- we kind of go to this reopening and getting over the pandemic?
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's early days. And actually, we just completed the Sun 'n Fun show in Florida, which was canceled last year, reopened this year. But attendance was actually, I would say, reasonably strong, given the conditions. It was probably what I heard maybe 70%, 80% of what has been in normal years. But what we saw out of that was buyers that were very interested and very serious about equipping their aircraft and interested in what we had to offer.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Ben Bollin: Two items. The first, I'm interested in how we should think about the investments being made in the auto OEM ramp as you build out facilities and headcount? Any way to think about the linearity of investment expansion and when that starts to normalize based on what your current visibility is? And then I have a follow-up.
Doug Boessen: Yes. Sure. Relating to the investment in OEM, give you kind of perspective for 2021 through relates to the R&D, we would expect to see a similar level of the R&D spend in the remaining quarters of 2021 as we saw in 2000 -- or in Q1 as we continue to ramp up for new programs there. As it relates to the CapEx side of things, the CapEx for the new facility in Europe-related OEM, that's factored into our CapEx budget that we gave you previously. But also, I should say the majority of that CapEx, the number in there is relating to the consumer manufacturing piece in Taiwan as well as the renovation here. And then as it relates to the OEM piece, it's primarily relating to increasing our production lines, get ready for production in the near future.
Ben Bollin: And then, Cliff, more of a, I guess, a big picture question. But when you step back and look at how Garmin has benefited throughout COVID, what are your bigger picture thoughts about how categories or the business as a whole may be impacted as you start to see more reopening? Any of the puts and takes about point-of-sale trajectory, category expansion, just some of the secular drivers and where you think that goes into the future?
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's early days, so probably difficult to quantify. We do believe that the kind of lifestyle changes that we've seen as part of the pandemic are durable because people have made significant investments in themselves, their health, their ability to be outdoors and have recreation. And so that's what we continue to hear from our partners and what we continue to see in the industry.
Operator: Next question comes from Jeffrey Rand with Deutsche Bank.
Jeffrey Rand: Can you talk through some of the puts and takes for operating expenses as we move past the pandemic? I would expect there to be some lower costs related to employee safety, but also probably some increased traveling costs, I guess, some details on how you're thinking about that?
Doug Boessen: Yes. There are some cases, especially when you look at the Q2 over Q2 comparison. Last year, at this time, we did cut back on travel, trade shows, those type of things in there. So I would say, looking at Q2, there will be some increase that we'll spend this year versus last year there, but that's not really the big drivers of our CapEx. The big drivers really are the R&D and such in there that we have going forward.
Jeffrey Rand: Great. And then your marine business continues to do very well. How do you think about trends in the business longer term? And is there any concerns of a pull-in of future purchases as boating was a good socially distant activity during the pandemic?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think certainly, that's a possibility. But as I mentioned earlier, we believe that this trend is pretty durable. Our boat building partners, many of them are booked out through the remainder of the year and some are even talking about 2022 now. So there's still significant pent-up demand for boating products and people who want to be out on the water, and we believe that will continue to drive growth in our marine segment.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Derek Soderberg with Colliers Securities.
Derek Soderberg: Cliff, I want to start with you. I'm wondering if you can provide an update on the ADS-B opportunity in Europe. I think it's progressing a bit slower than the U.S., but that mandate was pushed out, I think, almost a year ago. What are you seeing in that market today? Are projects starting to accelerate or still sort of being pushed out? Any thoughts on the ADS-B in Europe and sort of what you're seeing there would be great?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think the European mandate has been pushed out probably more than once, and so that probably wasn't a surprise. We are starting to see customers get more interested in that. I think they realize that it won't keep pushing out forever. And so they're looking for a solution, and I think we're well positioned for that. I would say that Europe is probably the next biggest opportunity, obviously, compared to the North American opportunity, although much smaller because the market there is generally 25% to 30% of what the total global market is.
Derek Soderberg: Great. And then as my follow-up, I guess I'm curious as to the employment environment and, I guess, your ability to track new talent, sounds like labor costs might be going up. Is there anything going out there in the labor market that has changed more recently? Or anything you're seeing that's maybe a concern in the labor market?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think that labor is an interesting topic. I think for a long time, engineering talent has been in strong demand, and I think it's only gotten stronger in the pandemic as many companies are looking to create new things and new products. So we're operating in a tight environment. That's not generally new, but it does seem to be increasing in this environment for sure. We're focusing on having a great work culture. I think we've got fantastic employees at Garmin. We're really proud of all of them, over 16,000 employees around the world now. And our culture is very unique and the kind of products and markets that we serve are also very unique. They're products and markets of passion where people can actually create things that interest them and not just work on something that someone else tells them to do. So we have some advantages, but obviously, it's still a tight market and we're doing the best we can.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for any closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thanks, everyone, for your time today. Doug and I are available for callbacks and we hope you have a great day. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the conference. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-17 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Garmin Limited Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, Teri Seck, Manager of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited’s fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin’s Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/doc. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in these earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at any time and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company’s business results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today’s date. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As reported earlier today, our growth momentum accelerated in the final quarter of the year. Revenue increased 23%, exceeding $1.3 billion driven by strong double-digit growth in our Fitness, Outdoor and Marine segments. Gross margin improved to 58.5%. Operating income increased 34% to $371 million and operating margin expanded to 27.5%. GAAP EPS was $1.73 and pro forma EPS was also $1.73 increasing 34% over the prior year. Looking back, I am very proud of what we accomplished in 2020. The COVID-19 pandemic created unprecedented challenges affecting every company, and of course, Garmin was no exception. Many of these challenges were the burden of employees, such as learning to work and collaborate remotely, while juggling new challenges in their personal lives. Our employees were very resilient and faced these challenges with courage and determination as reflected in our outstanding performance throughout the year. The pandemic also created many new opportunities as interest in health, Fitness and active lifestyles surged. We were well-positioned to seize these opportunities with a strong product lineup and our vertically integrated business model gave us flexibility to meet rapidly changing demands. During this crisis, we maintained our focus on R&D, which allowed us to introduce many innovative new products throughout the year. On a consolidated basis, revenue increased 11% to nearly $4.2 billion, which is a new record for Garmin and our fifth consecutive year of growth. Gross margin was 59.3% and operating margin was 25.2%. Operating income increased 11% to over $1 billion, which is another record achievement. This resulted in a GAAP EPS of $5.17 and a pro forma EPS of $5.14, an increase of 16% over the prior year. Considering these strong results, at our upcoming annual meeting, we will ask shareholders to approve an annual dividend of $2.68 per share, representing a 10% increase over the current annual dividend amount. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes. But, first, I’d like to highlight some achievements from the past year and the outlook for each of our five business segments. Starting with the Fitness segment, revenue increased 26% as the strong demand for advanced wearables and cycling products fueled our growth. Gross and operating margins were 53% and 24%, respectively, resulting in an operating income growth of 66% over the prior year. During the year, we launched innovative new wearables and cycling products, such as the Venu Sq, the Forerunner 745 and the next-generation of Edge Cycling Computers. Looking forward, we are well-positioned to capitalize on the broader trends in Health and Fitness. We plan to leverage our recent acquisition of Firstbeat to offer products with unique Health and Fitness features. In addition, we intend to capitalize on the trends in indoor cycling with our strong lineup of Tacx products. With these things in mind, we anticipate revenue from the Fitness segment will increase approximately 10% in 2021. In the Outdoor segment, revenue increased 23%, primarily driven by a strong demand for adventure watches. Gross and operating margins were 66% and 39%, respectively, resulting in operating income growth at 32%. During the year, we added solar charging technology to a broad range of Fenix and Instinct models extending our lead and low power technology and further differentiating ourselves in the highly competitive smartwatch market. Looking forward, we expect the broader trends in Outdoor to continue. We plan to leverage this opportunity by offering compelling products that maximize the enjoyment of Outdoor activity and adventure. We believe that inReach will continue to grow as more people appreciate the convenience and lifesaving potential of two-way remote communication. Our recent acquisition of GEOS, a critical provider of emergency monitoring and incident response services, allows us to expand its scale and improve service levels for our growing base of inReach customers. With these things in mind, we anticipate revenue from the Outdoor segment will increase approximately 10% in 2021. Looking next at the Aviation segment, revenue decreased 15% due to lower revenue from OEM product categories and the expected decline of the ADS-B market. Gross and operating margins were 73% and 22%, respectively. While the pandemic created some headwinds particularly in the OEM market, we see positive signs in the smaller aircraft segment, especially in owner-flown aircraft. In addition, when adjusting for the impact of ADS-B, there are encouraging signs in the aftermarket as aircraft owners embrace the latest cockpit technologies. Autoland is being recognized as game changing new safety technology for general aviation, and recently, was named one of 2020’s greatest innovations by Popular Science. Autoland also won a top flight award from Aviation International News. During the year, Autoland achieved certification on three aircraft models, including the Cirrus Vision Jet, the Piper M600 and the Daher TBM 940. Over 150 Autoland equipped aircraft are now in service and the number of that continues to grow every day. We believe the general aviation market is stabilizing and during 2021 we expect this segment to grow approximately 5%, with contributions from both OEM and aftermarket categories. We expect revenue from this segment to decline in the first quarter as we compare against strong residual ADS-B numbers from last year, followed by growth as the year-over-year comparisons become much more favorable. We are focused on certifying safety-enhancing technologies such as Autoland in additional aircraft models and we will continue to invest in future growth opportunities. Moving on to Marine, the segment delivered another year of impressive results, as the pandemic created an opportunity for people to rediscover boating and fishing. Revenue increased 29%, with growth in multiple product categories, led by a strong demand for chartplotters. Gross and operating margins were 58% and 27%, respectively, resulting in an operating income growth of 60%. We continue to be recognized for innovation and achievement in the Marine industry. We were named Supplier of the Year by Independent Boat Builders, Incorporated, Manufacturer of the Year by the National Marine Electronics Association, and recently, we were recognized as one of the Top 10 Most Innovative Marine Companies by Trade Only, which is a B2B news and information provider for the recreational boating industry. Looking forward, we anticipate that interest in boating and fishing will remain strong. Many boat builders have already sold out of their 2021 models and our retail partners are preparing for another year of strong growth. We plan to capitalize on these trends by offering a compelling lineup of products with innovative features and disruptive new technologies. With this in mind, we anticipate revenue from the Marine segment will increase approximately 15% in 2021. Moving finally to the Auto segment, I want to highlight that we are now providing expanded disclosures for the segment. Specifically, we are disclosing separate financial information for the two operating segments within Auto, the Consumer segment, which includes PND and specialty products, and the OEM segment, which is focused on hardware and software solutions for vehicle manufacturers. We believe these expanded disclosures will help investors better understand the mix of revenue, the level of investment and the profit profile of each profit segment. Now looking at the year-end results for the Auto segment. Revenue decreased 16% as the decline in PNDs was partially offset by growth in specialty products and revenue from new OEM programs. Gross margin was 45% and we recorded an operating loss of $19 million driven by investments in Auto OEM programs. Our Auto OEM business has reached an inflection point as we ramp-up new programs over the next few years. Prior to the most recent wins, we have been successful on various software, navigation and infotainment programs with several top tier OEMs such as Honda, Toyota, Daimler and Peugeot, to name just a few. We are currently in production with a full infotainment system for the Daimler Vito Van and we recently began production on the current BMW program, where we are a Tier 1 build to print supplier. Also, we are developing the next-generation program for BMW as the lead supplier, which expands our role to encompass all aspects of the design, including hardware, complex operating system development and system integration. Moving into this lead supplier role on future programs is a testament to the progress that we have made as a Tier 1 supplier to the Auto industry. These programs require a significant investment in R&D prior to realizing revenue and not all costs are reimbursed by the customer. With these things in mind, we expect total Auto revenue to grow approximately 5%% in 2021, driven by a growth in specialty consumer products and new OEM programs. We also expect additional losses from the OEM operating segment as we invest in the development of future programs expected to launch in late 2022. So, in summary, I am very proud of what we accomplished in 2020, while facing challenges that no one could have anticipated just one year ago. The indicators for 2021 look positive and we are excited about the opportunities in every business segment. With this in mind, we anticipate 2021 revenue will be approximately $4.6 billion, an increase of 10% over the prior year and we anticipate growth in all segments. We expect gross margin to be approximately 59.2% and the operating margin at approximately 23.5%. Assuming a pro forma effective tax rate of 10.5%, pro forma earnings per share are expected to be approximately $5.15. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug, will walk us through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I’d begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full year financial results, move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $1.3 billion for the fourth quarter, representing a 23% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 60.2%, 50 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 31.1%, 180-basis-point decrease. Operating income was $371 million, 34% increase. Operating margin was 27.5%, 240-basis-point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP pro forma EPS was $1.73, 34% increase from the prior year pro forma EPS. Looking at full year results, we posted revenue of $4.1 billion, representing 11% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 59.3%, 20-basis-point decrease from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 34.1%, 20-basis-point decrease. Operating income was $1.054 billion, 7% increase. Operating margin was 50% or 20% -- 5.2%, consistent with the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $5.17 and pro forma EPS was $5.14, 16% increase from the prior year. Next, we will report fourth quarter revenue by segment and geography. Our fourth quarter achieved a double-digit growth for our five segments, led by the Marine segment with a growth of 48%, followed by the Outdoor segment, 40% growth, Fitness segment, a 26%. By geography, we achieved growth in all three regions led by strong growth of 32% both EMEA and APAC. Americas grew 13%, which is more heavily impacted by the decline in Aviation. Excluding Aviation, Americas growth was more in line to other regions. For the full year 2020, we achieved 11% consolidated growth with strong double-digit growth in three of our five segments, Marine, Fitness and Outdoor each grew in excess of 20%. By geography, we achieved growth in all three regions led by 17% growth in EMEA, 8% growth both Americas and APAC. Looking next to operating expenses. Fourth quarter operating expenses increased by $57 million or 16%. Research and development increased $38 million year-over-year, primarily due to engineering personnel costs, other expenses related to Auto OEM programs. Our advertising expense decreased approximately $2 million with the prior year quarter. SG&A increased $21 million for the prior quarter, a decrease as a percentage of sales to 11.8%, 70 basis point decrease compared to the prior year. The increase in SG&A is primarily due to increases in information technology costs and personnel related expenses. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and dividends. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities approximately $3 billion. Account receivables increased sequentially year-over-year to $849 million due to strong sales in the quarter. Inventory balance increased year-over-year to $762 million. In the fourth quarter 2020, we generated free cash flow of $387 million. For the full year 2020, we generated free cash flow of approximately $950 million, $369 million increase for the prior year due to improved earnings decreased operating capital needs. For 2021, we expect free cash flow to be approximately $725 million approximately $350 million of capital expenditures. The expected year-over-year increase, capital expenditures due to investments and platforms for growth including expansion of our Taiwan manufacturing facilities, restarting the Olathe expansion project which includes the renovation of the previous Olathe manufacturing and distribution facility to increase workspace capacity, the Auto OEM manufacturing facility in Europe and IT related projects. We announced our plans to seek shareholder approval for an increase in our dividend beginning with the June 2021 payment. Proposal, the cash dividend of $2.16 per share or $0.67 per share per quarter. This is a 10% increase from our current quarterly dividend of $0.61 per share. For full year 2020, we reported effective tax rate of 10.1%. Pro forma effective tax rate is 10.4%, 510-basis-point decrease from the prior year, primarily due to the migration intellectual property ownership of Switzerland to United States. The fiscal year 2021 pro forma effective tax rate is expected to be 10.5% virtually flat year-over-year. That concludes our formal remarks. Joel, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Robert Spingarn with Crédit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Robert Spingarn: Hi. Good morning.
Cliff Pemble: Good Morning.
Robert Spingarn: Cliff, Doug, very good numbers. I wanted to dig in a little bit in a couple of things, but just starting off, the guidance on the operating margin for ‘21, if we could just bridge that from ‘20, the decline in the operating margin, is that just more R&D on the auto side?
Doug Boessen: Yeah. So, I’d give you a little bit of a color on that. Yeah. It’s primarily due to our operating expense as a percentage of sales increasing. If we look at the gross margin was relatively comparable maybe at 10 basis points lower there. But to give you a little bit a color on the operating expenses, yeah, it was -- we are anticipating 2021 to be about 160 basis points higher as a percentage of sales. Looking at each of the pieces, advertising we anticipate target that to be relatively flat as a percentage of sales year-over-year. SG&A will be slightly up we think. That’s primarily due to increased IT expense, as well as other personnel-related expenses. And then the increase, as you mentioned, really is driven by R&D. So, if you look at the R&D, we are anticipating that as a percentage of sales to be about 150 basis points higher year-over-year in there. It’s really driven by a big piece of that relating to Auto OEM investments but other investments that we see in other parts of our segments.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then, Cliff, on the topline strength in the year, is there any way by segment to parse just market growth versus the market share improvement? I am thinking specifically about Marine. I mean it was just outstanding. But it -- just in general, is there a way to think about those two different factors?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. And I think, looking specifically at Marine, there’s definitely a combination of market size increase, as well as market share gains. If you look broadly at the boat builders in Marine, they are experiencing anywhere from high-single digits to double digits increase in their business and so probably underlying the business, the market is increasing at those kinds of rates. And then on top of that, our product line and our growth in terms of the market share has been strong and so we have been able to essentially double leverage those things.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just as a final question. Have you been constrained at all by semiconductor shortages anywhere?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I would say that…
Robert Spingarn: Okay.
Cliff Pemble: …that we are experiencing some levels of tightness in the supply, it’s spotty. It depends on the component and the supplier. We have generally been able to work through those kinds of constraints with our safety stock inventory strategy and also because we are agile with our vertical integration we can find substitutes and keep things going. But definitely noticeably more challenging in this environment of course and there’s lots of headlines about that and we operate in that same environment. So those are factors for us too. But so far we believe that we have been able to manage that okay.
Robert Spingarn: So there’s nothing in the guide that anticipates any significant pressure there, you are assuming you will work through it?
Cliff Pemble: I think if you look at the high level at our guidance, we are a company that’s heavily influenced by consumer trends and it’s very early in the year. So, I would say, that that we always try to make sure that we factor in just the general dynamics of the kinds of markets that we serve. But as far as component supply or capacity constraints or anything like that, we haven’t necessarily taken any kind of significant haircuts because of those things.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thank you, both.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Todorov with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Nik Todorov: Yeah. Hi, guys. Congrats on the great results, really impressive. Cliff, I was wondering, how are you thinking about the potential normalization in the world in the second half with vaccine rolling out and everything going on? Do you believe a recovery in the travel and leisure industries will have any impact on the demand for your products?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think that’s still a highly speculative thing that nobody really knows the answer to. I would say that, for myself, I believe that any kind of normalization is going to take some time as we have been in this situation now for about a year and people have adjusted lifestyles. And consequently some of their priorities probably have changed probably permanently. And it still remains to be seen how much the vaccine really makes people feel free to do those kinds of activities. There’s still a lot of guidance coming out that the vaccines have, they help, but they don’t necessarily ensure that people won’t get sick or couldn’t infect someone else. So, these are all things that people are still processing. It’s early days. And so right now we are believing that the trends that we have been seeing in the business over the past year are solid and will continue.
Nik Todorov: Okay. Great. And then I really appreciate the breakdown and the detail for the Auto segment. If we look at the OEM side, how should we think about linearity throughout the year? Do you guys have new programs that will start ramping up in calendar year ‘21? 
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. We are ramping up really on two programs, I mentioned, the Daimler Vito has not yet anniversaried to start a production there. So there will be a significant ramp associated with that. And then the BMW, the current program that we are supplying. As the builder can supplier again we are in the early days on production in that, so we will experience a full year of production on those two programs.
Nik Todorov: Okay. Great. And the last question for me. On the Fitness side, you had a pretty good year for -- on your gross margin, I think, you expanded that a couple of hundred basis points. How should we think about Fitness gross margin as we go forward? Do you anticipate to maintain the current level, I know mix has been a tailwind for you this year?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. We mostly transitioned our product line to the more advanced wearables and so the highly competitive low end bands really aren’t influencing our businesses as much there. So, we have said before and we continue to believe that, the Fitness business is a mid- to upper-50s kind of percent margin on the gross margin line, and of course, targeting 20% plus in operating margin for the segment.
Nik Todorov: Okay. Got it. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Chung with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions and great quarter. So just a follow-up on operating margin guidance, if you could get more granular by segment, Auto OEM, you mentioned, increasing investments there, but on Fitness, do you kind of return to that low-20s or high-teens on tax expansion? Outdoor and Marine maybe come down after a strong ‘20 and on Aviation, do we stay in this low-20s range or does that begin to normalize maybe in 2Q and then as some longer term R&D investments kind of weighing a bit? Any thoughts would be helpful and I have a follow up. Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. Go ahead. As relates 2021 on operating margins, we see most of the segments probably being relatively consistent year-over-year. A couple of them will probably be a little bit lower or some lower, I should say, and one of which is Auto OEM. As we continue to make the investments in Auto OEM, also we will see there the gross margin came down some as some of our newer programs have a lower gross margin. So, in Auto OEM you will some decline there. And then, in Aviation, all depending upon the growth we have and expansion there, so depends upon how the revenue growth relates to our operating expenses.
Paul Chung: Okay. Thanks for that. And then, as we think more about kind of a recurring base of revenues kind of across your portfolio, you have inReach plans with hefty kind of monthly premiums across products. But -- and then you also have tech subscriptions for video trails, et cetera, though. These are smaller in scale relative to your whole revenue base. But if you could just expand on where you see those kind of subscription services going and then it sounds like you expect some nice contribution in ‘21. But then where do you see potential, though, maybe drive kind of higher subscription service type offerings maybe across other parts of your portfolio? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: inReach continues to have a lot of potential. It’s a unique capability that especially appeals to the customer base that we have and so we believe there’s a lot more potential to grow that both in 2021 and into the future. But, as far as other opportunities, I would say that, we are targeting areas like inReach that would be recurring revenue opportunities, that would appeal to the kind of customer base and the products that we make and so there is more things in the works that will come out within the future, but we do have an intentional focus on that.
Paul Chung: Thanks, guys.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for taking the question. Cliff, could you start a little bit by talking about Auto OEM, any operating margin performance over time? Maybe talk a little bit about how you see that scaling? What happens to that business as you bring on new programs? Is it absorbed or is there some incremental expenses? Just the right way to think about how you can scale that business over the next several years?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think you are hitting definitely the nail on the head there. I feel that’s -- we are in a period of significant investment right now and the programs that we have won definitely establish a base of credibility. But I think what we are working towards now is building the scale that we need. This business, of course, is a different kind of margin profile overall than the rest of our business and so we recognize that it will be lower gross margins and lower operating margins, which are consistent with the industry. But we are also witnessing one of the biggest transformations in personal transportation taking place right now. And as a result, there’s many, many companies that are trying to get into the opportunity presented by this turnover of technology. And so we have things that we are bringing to the market and so we are continuing to invest. And as we bring on new programs, definitely there will be some incremental investments that we have to make. But our belief is that we would be able to leverage the scale of the infrastructure that we are putting in place now.
Ben Bollin: Okay. Another item I am interested in is, any thoughts you have on current product availability across channels, for instance, where channel inventory stands today, supply demand balance for Fitness, Outdoor and Marine and then a last follow up?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think, for the most part, we believe that the retail channels are very clean. We are entering the New Year with a significant level of backlogs as we do have some capacity constraints and as one of the motivations we have for investing in the business in the coming year. And so we do see strong demand for our products right now and the channel inventory does not appear to be excessive at this point.
Ben Bollin: Okay. My last one is related to capital structure. Could you give us any updates on where your priorities are with respect to dividend, CapEx, M&A, share repurchase and also interested any thoughts about factory utilization and some of the incremental investments you are making in ‘21 in terms of production expansion? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think we have mentioned before, our priorities on our cash is for being a reliable pair of an attractive dividend. And so in our results today, again, we announced that we will be increasing that significantly in the coming year, which we are excited to do. We are also focused on M&A activity that enhances our business either through a technology that we don’t have ourselves or through a product line that that would be complementary to what we offer. So we are -- and that’s really our second priority. And then the third priority, of course, is investing in the business. And to that end, again today we mentioned that, we will be making some significant capital investments in our production capacity in ‘2021 and beyond. We want to significantly increase our Taiwan production capacity, as well as the ongoing investments that we have made here in Olathe. We will be restarting our office expansion to support more employees. We are building out the Tacx factory for trainers, and of course, the Auto OEM factory in Europe for BMW.
Ben Bollin: Great. Thanks, guys. 
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeffrey Rand with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Rand: Hi. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a good quarter. Now that we are pretty much a year into the pandemic, can you maybe touch on how you have shifted or adjusted your strategy over the past year and whether there have been any changes in your M&A focus from the pandemic?
Cliff Pemble: Well, M&A wise, really no shift and we were able to successfully complete some of those transactions even during the pandemic. So we had the Firstbeat on board, as well as GEOS. And so, again, as I have just mentioned, we will be continuing to look for opportunities, especially those that bring some kind of technology or product category to us that we don’t presently have. In terms of how we run the business, we have -- it’s been different. But we have been very successful in collaborating electronically. We do have many of our offices and employees coming in on a rotating basis. So we are seeing more and more faces of people, which is a good thing. But we don’t necessarily have full utilization of our space, because we are keeping people distant and making sure that everyone can stay safe. So, all of that kind of remains the same. I think the biggest thing for me is kind of stop predicting when it’s going to end and simply kind of manage through and do the best things for the business right now.
Jeffrey Rand: Great. And then just as a follow-up, can you talk about the demand trends you are seeing in your indoor cycling business and if you are still running a backlog there?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. The demand is very strong for indoor cycling and so we are leveraging the new facility that we have built in the Netherlands for Tacx to increase our capacity. But even with increased output, we are seeing a very strong backlog for that product. So we are continuing to work very hard to fill those orders.
Jeffrey Rand: Great. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Will Power with Baird. Your line is now open.
Will Power: Great. Thanks. Yeah. Congratulations on the results. I guess a couple of questions. Yeah. Thanks again for the Auto breakdown. I know you already touched a bit on the OEM opportunities. I guess, on the consumer front, how do we think about what the growth looks like they are going forward? I think you actually, Cliff, have indicated you expected specialty consumer to grow year-over-year in ‘21. If I heard that right, I am just trying to understand the puts and takes from the consumer piece?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So, you heard right. We are expecting all five of our business segments to contribute to growth in 2021 and specifically in Auto, both the OEM operating segment and the consumer operating segment are expected to achieve growth in the year.
Will Power: And any other color as to what’s going to drive the consumer growth within Auto?
Cliff Pemble: Well, these product categories that we have developed are very strong for some of the same reasons that we are seeing in other areas of the business. So we have developed products for overlanding and -- as well as specialty products from motorcycles and trucks, and all of these are very popular categories right now.
Will Power: Okay. Great. And then my second question on Fitness, I think, in your prepared remarks you mentioned, integrating Firstbeat and now providing opportunities in ‘21. Maybe just remind us, where are you with respect to integration of that today in terms of some of those capabilities versus what’s the common. As you think about strategic M&A and the opportunities, are there -- what do you see as kind of big opportunities at Fitness?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So, firstly, it is -- it was purely a software technology company and so -- and a company that we had been working with previously in terms of incorporating their technology into our wearables and recycling products. And so with the acquisition we have been able to accelerate the incorporation of features across the product line that broadens our feature list for our customers. And so that’s underway and for the most part, many of our new products already have some of the expanded feature sets that we wanted them to have thanks to the Firstbeat acquisition. And in terms of the other opportunities there, I mean, again, you probably can’t comment on specifics, but we see a few pop-up here and there. And as we have done, historically, we look at each of those and make sure that what we engage in really matches our criteria for a technology or product category that that would be beneficial to us.
Will Power: Okay. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Epstein with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Ron Epstein: Hey. Good morning, all.
Cliff Pemble: Good morning.
Ron Epstein: Just a couple of questions, maybe some detailed ones and then maybe a bigger picture one. So when we think about the tax rate for ‘21 and then going forward, how should we think about that, I think the tax rate that you guys were talking about is a little bit lower than what I was thinking.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. So, the tax rate we have for 2021 is consistent with what we had for 2020. So we think not a lot of change from that standpoint. Now we do not give any guidance for future years. There’s a lot of things that really play into that, Ron, depending upon our operating income, income by segment, income by jurisdiction, reserve releases, as such. But I think it would probably be in that same type of a range we think in the next -- in the future depending upon, obviously, things that may change with the tax laws and enactments and those type of things in there. But I think it’s relatively consistent in between ‘21 and ‘20.
Ron Epstein: Got it. Got it. And then, Cliff, you mentioned about Aviation growth, if you pro forma that for ADS-B, how big a headwind is -- was ADS-B?
Cliff Pemble: Well, it was definitely a significant once in a generation opportunity to equip every aircraft with technology. And so we worked very hard to supply every aircraft with ADS-B that we possibly could and we were wildly successful, which is demonstrated by the fact that we have some headwinds right now, but those are headwinds that I am very proud of.
Ron Epstein: No. Yeah. I am not questioning, I mean that, obviously, I mean, it’s all good stuff. But I guess what I am trying to get at, if you -- when you remove that ADS-B and we think about Aviation into ‘21 and maybe into ‘22, right? I mean, it seems that grew were potentially in a recovery in business Aviation as evidenced by the capacity utilization of business, that’s mean it hit, they got hit far less than other parts of Aviation and the business piece of private Aviation really haven’t come back yet. So if we were to get into a more meaningfully robust upturn in business private Aviation, I am just trying to get, like, what that would mean for you guys. So it’s sort of like, do you understand the question?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. For sure. And we mentioned last year at this time as the pandemic was erupting that we believe that general aviation had a bright future throughout this because of the flexibility and the options that it provides people that might have concerns about how they travel and we have definitely seen that play out. As I mentioned in my remarks, the smaller aircraft segment, especially on owner-flown and also we are hearing the news from charter and fractional companies that they are seeing an uptick in their demand and so that’s playing out exactly as we thought. And as we look forward, again, the demand is just super strong in the smaller aircraft segment and we are strongly positioned in every one of those platforms to take advantage of that. We are in all the right places in the light jet market up through medium jets on the Piston side for the owner-flown people as well and so we are ideally positioned in all of those categories to be able to meet the demand.
Ron Epstein: Got you. And then shifting maybe to customers and stickiness, Garmin Connect, do you have a sense of once folks are kind of in that universe, does that keep them locked into a Garmin product?
Cliff Pemble: Well, for sure. I have a decade of history on Garmin Connect that I wouldn’t ever want to lose and I know that there’s many other customers that feel that way and it’s a place where you store the most important data about yourself and to be able to manage your health. And so the features that are in Garmin Connect are super sticky and are useful tools for people and it’s something that they continue to use.
Ron Epstein: Got you. And then maybe one last question, a balance sheet question. So you guys have your net cash of $3 billion. I mean, clearly, that’s not the most efficient ways to use the balance sheet. I think someone else earlier asked you about capital deployment so on and so forth. But I mean, sitting around with $3 billion of balance sheet, I mean, how do you think about that? And isn’t -- should that be deployed someplace else either in a new product, back to shareholders or somewhere?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think, we have obviously demonstrated that we are stepping up our spending on capital investments to support the business that we see going forward. So that’s one thing. We have been in an acquisition mode, so we have spent some money in the past year on that and we are increasing our dividend for sure. The business is growing, so definitely having a little more cash on hand is not a bad thing and a year ago as the economy was tanking everyone was concerned about the fact that some companies didn’t have enough cash to weather those things. So we have always been in a strong position and that’s where we will continue to be. We do have concerns and constraints around the capital structure. We want to make sure that we can distribute dividends to shareholders as efficiently as possible, which means that we have a certain amount of capital that we can deploy whether it’s dividends or buybacks and that’s done at a withholding tax free rate right now. And so we are being very careful with that to make sure that we can be reliable and attractive for people in the long-term.
Ron Epstein: Got it. All right. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial. Your line is now open.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on another quarter and a great year and congratulations on…
Cliff Pemble: Thanks.
Ivan Feinseth: … being selected by Joby for -- they are selecting your G3000. Were there or have you been incorporating unique functionality in the G3000 that supports the eval functionality in terms of the new types of planes?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. These e-vehicles that are being designed definitely have unique characteristics and so the avionics and the electronics, in general, onboard need to be specific for those platforms just like we have seen in every other kind of aircraft that we have -- that incorporated it into. So we are doing the same thing with Joby and the others we are working with.
Ivan Feinseth: And what do you -- your competitive advantage is and was -- that you want this, and hopefully, keep winning these new mandates?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we have the most capable avionics systems for these aircraft and so, obviously, that’s a major attractive point. We have a significant amount of experience as a company both in certified avionics and aircraft, as well as we are being a reliable production partner for our OEMs that use our equipment. And so all of these things are definitely pluses for Garmin as we sort of look at these new opportunities.
Ivan Feinseth: Now is Autoland automatically included or can be included in this as well?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think Autoland would be a case-by-case basis for these new opportunities. I can’t comment specifically on Joby with that. But obviously we are amassing a strong base of autonomous technologies and safety technologies for aircraft that can be applied broadly across fixed-wing, as well as helicopters and e-vehicles as well.
Ivan Feinseth: Okay. And then, on Firstbeat, what type of new functionality can we hope to see as you incorporate more of the Firstbeat acquisition into your new products?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we have been really excited about Firstbeat, because they are a team of people focused on physiology especially exercise physiology but as well as basic health and wellness as well. And so we are leveraging their expertise to be able to improve a lot of capability on our products in terms of health sensing, health data feedback for people and providing guidance to people in terms of how they can modify their life in order to live healthier and to be more fit.
Ivan Feinseth: And then, will -- what’s going on with your developer, are you going to have a developer or the IQ developer conference this spring or what is the plan for that? And then, are you going to open up opportunity for developers to work with Firstbeat functionality to develop new applications to use on your products?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. Last year we did a virtual. I would anticipate based on what we know today that that’s the same approach we will take this year. But actually many of our partners appreciated that, because it allowed them to participate when some of them wouldn’t otherwise be able to take the time or spend the money to travel. So we would anticipate that a virtual approach would be something that’s part of our approach for developers going forward. But in terms of what things are opened up on the platform, I probably can’t make a specific comment about Firstbeat, but we are continually adding capabilities that allow people to access the unique features of our hardware platforms and also our software stack.
Ivan Feinseth: And there’s still any thoughts about making Connect IQ more of an e-commerce platform for those companies that, because there are some applications that a lot of for free, some you can pay through like PayPal, but there’s no real form of process -- formal process you see eventually creating this where it goes through Garmin and Garmin earns a commission, as well as helping to promote developers and quality number of apps available?
Cliff Pemble: I would say that a high level it’s something that’s still of interest to us and something that we get requests for from our developers. So we are continuing to look at that and trying to determine the best way to work it into our ecosystem.
Ivan Feinseth: All right. Thank you very much. Congratulations again and wish you a great 2021.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Ivan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Erik Woodring: Thanks, and good morning, everyone. Congrats on the -- on a great quarter. I just want to start, maybe if we take a step back and think high level. We have gone through this pandemic now for whatever it is 10-plus months. What are some of the trends you believe are -- will be more permanent even as the pandemic is behind us and then I guess how does that impact or influence your product roadmap as we sit here today?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think people have for a long time now basically been conditioning themselves with new lifestyle choices. And many times coffee pot conversations basically will reveal that many of the changes people actually are excited about and they love. And so people say that it only takes three weeks to form a habit and so as people have focused on healthier lifestyles, on active lifestyles and adventure, these are things that are getting ingrained and embedded in their thinking and something that they value. So we believe that these kinds of trends are positive things for us and we believe that they will be more longer term things that we are experiencing and so that’s how we are viewing this.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Thank you. And then, I guess, just as we retouch on the Auto OEM business, is there anything to call out as we think about the quarterly cadence of revenue in terms of abnormal seasonality, if that can even be a term or maybe lumpiness of revenue in a certain quarter in 2021?
Cliff Pemble: Well, it’s probably hard to say. I think in addition to the year-on-year effects of ramping up new programs, automakers are experiencing their own challenges when it comes to production supply chains and the constraints on components that they are needing for a production. So, unfortunately, it’s probably going to be a little bit chaotic for and I am speaking in a general sense in work for automakers and we would expect that that the ones that we serve will probably have to face those challenges as well.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Fair enough. And then, maybe, I guess, last question just on Tacx and I know we have gone through a bit of the supply constraints and then expanding production. But what are -- what have you seen in terms of customer reactions to longer wait times? Do you find demand to be perishable or is Tacx the name and the brand that consumers want and they are willing to wait however long it may be to get one of those products? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: I think the constraints are definitely not unique to us, like the entire industry is and cycling, in general, is suffering from supply constraints right now. So people are anxious to get the equipment that they want to equip their houses with indoor cycling. And obviously, most people aren’t very happy when they have to wait a long time for sure, we don’t expect them to be, but we are working very hard to fulfill the demand and the good news has been that as we have ramped up production it seems like our backorders have really also increased. And so we believe that people love the product, we believe it’s superior to anything out there and they are willing to wait to have our product.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That’s super helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nik Todorov with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Nik Todorov: Yeah, guys. A quick follow up, Cliff, I think, on Auto side. I heard that you said that new consumer products who experienced growth, but I think then you clarified that you expect the whole Auto Consumer segment to see grow in 2021. If that’s the case, I think, that implies that the Auto OEM sales kind of in December of $62 million was kind of a peak year for the near-term. Am I thinking this correctly or am I missing something, because I think you are talking about ramping up programs with Daimler and BMW? Is there any reason why December would be peak for the next two, three quarters in Auto OEM? I know production is going to be down in March and June, but I thought you would have seen a nice linearity going forward?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think the first half of the year is probably going to be favorable as we comp against some challenges from last year as automakers were reducing capacity and shutting down factories. But then it should even out towards the back half as we comp against these new program introductions.
Nik Todorov: Okay. So you expect to be down sequentially from December, is what I am trying to get in the first half in Auto OEM specially? 
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I would expect that actually to grow sequentially into the first half and then level out from there.
Nik Todorov: Okay. So the whole consumer OEM will also see growth for 2021?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. That’s what we mentioned.
Nik Todorov: Okay. Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I am not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Doug and I are available for callbacks and we will talk with a lot of you in the coming days and weeks. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Garmin Limited Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, Teri Seck, with Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Teri Seck : Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's third quarter 2020 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/doc. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K and third quarter 2020 Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at any time and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company's business results and outlook is about the best estimate based on the information available as of today's date. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. Earlier today, Garmin reported record third quarter operating results. Consolidated revenue exceeded $1.1 billion as strong demand for active lifestyle products fueled growth of 19% over the prior year. Gross margin was 60.2%. Operating income increased 21% year-over-year to $317 million and operating margin expanded to 28.6%. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $1.63 and pro-forma EPS of $1.58 for the quarter, up 24% over the prior year. We are pleased with our performance so far in 2020, especially considering the unprecedented challenges caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. Trends in the business are stabilizing, which gives us confidence to provide fiscal 2020 guidance, which I will cover shortly. First, I'd like to offer a few remarks on the performance of each of our business segments. Starting with Marine. Revenue increased 54% as we experienced growth in multiple product categories, led by strong demand for chartplotters. Gross and operating margins were 61% and 31%, respectively, resulting in operating income growth of over 150%. There are two key factors driving these results. First, the market is expanding as new customers embrace boating and fishing. Second, our strong lineup of products and game-changing technologies are driving market share gains. We continue to be recognized for our innovation and achievements in the marine industry. For the sixth consecutive year, the National Marine Electronics Association named Garmin Manufacturer of the year and we received four Product of Excellence awards. We were also recognized as one of the top 10 most innovative marine companies by Soundings Trade Only, a B2B news and information provider for the recreational boating industry. Looking forward, we anticipate that interest in boating and fishing will remain strong. We plan to capitalize on these trends by offering a compelling lineup of products with innovative features and disruptive technologies. Turning next to the Fitness segment. Revenue increased 35%, driven by strong demand for advanced wearables and cycling products. Gross and operating margins were 54% and 27%, respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 75% over the prior year. The pandemic continues to highlight the importance of living a healthy life, and our Fitness segment benefited from this trend. During the quarter, we launched the new Forerunner 745, expanding the features offered in our mid-tier multisport product range. We also launched Clipboard, an app that facilitates team training and performance monitoring using Garmin devices. In the Advanced Wellness category, we launched the Venu Sq, an entry-level smartwatch that combines daily wear style with industry-leading activity tracking and health monitoring features. Looking forward, we expect a broader trends in fitness and wellness to continue. We plan to leverage our recent acquisition of First Suite to offer products with unique health, wellness and fitness features. In addition, we intend to capitalize on the indoor cycling opportunity with our Tacx product line. Turning next to the Outdoor segment. Revenue increased 30% with strength in all major categories, led by strong demand for venture watches. Gross and operating margins were 67% and 44%, respectively, resulting in 40% operating income growth. The segment benefited from increased consumer interest in outdoor activities. inReach is an important technology that provides critical emergency and communication services in places where cell phones simply don't work. We recently added inReach to our popular Montana series and we announced that inReach has facilitated over 5,000 SOS incidents since its launch in 2011. This is a significant milestone, reflecting the important role inReach technology can play in changing outcomes. Looking forward, we expect the broader trends in outdoor to continue. We plan to leverage this opportunity by offering unique products that maximize the enjoyment of outdoor activity and adventure. Turning next to the Auto segment. Revenue decreased 6% as the decline in consumer P&D was partially offset by growth in specialty categories and revenue from new OEM programs. Gross and operating margins were 45% and 3%, respectively. The Auto segment continues to transform as we launch new specialty products like the Garmin Catalyst, an industry first real-time coaching tool designed to optimize track racing performance. New OEM projects are also making contributions and will further diversify the revenue mix in the segment. During the quarter, we began production shipments of the MGU 2020 computing module, marking the beginning of our relationship with BMW Automobiles as a Tier 1 supplier. In addition, we began shipments of the complete infotainment solution for the Daimler Vito van. Looking forward, we will continue to pursue growth opportunities in specialty product categories. In addition, we will be making major investments to complete OEM projects we have won in recent years, and we will continue to pursue new opportunities as a Tier 1 supplier of innovative electronic solutions for a broad range of vehicles. Looking finally at the Aviation segment, revenue decreased 19% due to lower revenue from OEM product categories and the expected decline of the ADS-B market. Gross and operating margins were 71% and 19%, respectively. While the OEM market has experienced some headwinds, we see positive signs in the smaller aircraft segment, especially in owner flown aircraft. In addition, when adjusting for the impact of ADS-B, we see encouraging sign lines in the retrofit market as aircraft owners take advantage of the latest cockpit technologies. During the quarter, Autoland achieved FAA certification on the Cirrus Vision Jet, which is the first jet aircraft to incorporate Autoland technology. This latest certification brings the Autoland equipped aircraft to three models, including the previously certified Piper M600 and the Daher TBM 940. Autoland is receiving notable recognition as an important new safety technology for general aviation. And Aviation Week Network recently selected Autoland as the Grand Laureate Winner for its achievement in the category of business aviation. Looking forward, we believe that the general aviation market will stabilize as impacts from the pandemic, the associated economic fallout, and the ADS-B mandate began to fade. We will continue to invest in compelling new products and technology in anticipation of the next chapter of growth for the general aviation market. In summary, I'm very proud of what Garmin associates have accomplished so far in 2020, while facing circumstances that no one could have anticipated just one year ago. Considering our growing confidence and business trends, we are issuing full year 2020 guidance. We now project revenue of approximately $4 billion as growth in marine, fitness and outdoor more than offset the expected declines in aviation and auto. We anticipate gross margin of approximately 59% and operating margin of approximately 24%, assuming a pro-forma effective tax rate of 10%, pro-forma earnings per share are expected to be approximately $4.70. Looking at full year 2020 revenue guidance by segment, we expect the Marine segment to grow 25%, the Fitness segment to grow 20% and the Outdoor segment to grow 15%. We expect the Aviation segment to decline 17%, and the Auto segment to decline 20%. So that concludes my remarks this morning. Next, Doug will discuss additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I begin by reviewing our third quarter financial results, move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted record revenue over $1.1 billion for the third quarter, representing 19% growth year-over-year. Gross margin was 60.2%, a 15 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 31.6%, 110 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $317 million, a 21% increase year-over-year. Operating margin was 28.6%, 60 basis point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $1.63 and pro forma EPS was $1.58, a 24% increase from the prior year period. Next, we look at our third quarter revenue by segment. We achieved revenue of over $1.1 billion with three of our five segments posting growth of 30% or more, led by the Marine segment with robust revenue growth of 54%. The by geography, we achieved 19% growth in Americas, EMEA and APAC. Looking at our year-to-date revenue for the first three quarters of 2020. Our consolidated revenue is up 7% with the prior year with three of five segments posting double-digit growth, led by the Fitness segment of 25% growth, followed closely by Marine segment with 24% growth. Looking next, operating expenses. Our third quarter operating expenses increased by $45 million or 15%. Research and development increased $26 million year-over-year, primarily due to investments in engineering resources. Our advertising expense increased by approximately $1 million due to higher spend in our Outdoor segment. SG&A increased $17 million compared to prior year quarter, primarily due to increases in information technology costs and personnel-related expenses. Let me highlight on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.7 billion and no debt. Accounts receivable increased sequentially to $658 million, an increase year-over-year in line with third quarter sales. Inventory balance increased on simple to sequential yearly basis compared for the seasonally strong fourth quarter, split on increasingly diversified product lines. During the third quarter of 2020, we generated free cash flow of $236 million, a $78 million increase from the prior year quarter. For full year 2020, we expect free cash flow to be approximately $750 million, approximately $175 million of capital expenditures. Also during the quarter, we paid dividends of $170 million. In third quarter 2020, we reported an effective tax rate of 6.9% compared to the effective tax rate of 11.6% in the prior year quarter. The decrease is primarily due to intellectual property migration transaction. We expect our full year 2020 pro-forma effective tax rate to be approximately 10%. This concludes our formal remarks. Joelle, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Chung with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Paul Chung: Congrats on the quarter. So just on fitness, on Tacx. You've had this asset for more than a year now. Can you give us a sense of how much incremental growth you have driven by kind of leveraging your distribution network? And then assume that pandemic has accelerated sales in that business, if you could confirm any sense for the outperformance there? And then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Paul, I think Tacx has been a wonderful acquisition for us, definitely leveraging the Garmin network is helping us. Tacx did not have a strong presence in the North American market. So we're able to expand that now. And of course, Asia is another opportunity. They were mostly strong in Europe before we bought them.
Paul Chung: Okay. And then on Firstly how do we size up this business, assume the margins are quite high given the license model. Is it a meaningful contributor? Or is it kind of more of an added feature you'll roll across more of your smart watches?
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's a contributor. And as you say, it's high margins because it's licensing business. But for us, we look at it -- add it as an important technology provider for our products. And being able to support the existing wellness and fitness features as well as a developing new advanced metrics that we can have in our smartwatch and cycling products.
Paul Chung: Okay. And then lastly, it's not very common for you to have kind of uniform year-on-year growth across all the regions. But any trends across the regions that stand out during the quarter, what you're seeing early in Q4?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I would make a couple of notes there. I think that it is kind of interesting to see 19% across the board. In the Americas, that growth would have been even stronger if you adjust for the impact of the ADS-B surge last year. So Americas is even stronger than what we're showing there in terms of the other consumer products. And in Asia, I would say that they have been slower to come back from the COVID-19 impact, but we do see signs of stabilization, and each country is different, but we do see positive signs in some of the major countries as they emerge out of crisis mode.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Anderson with Colliers Securities. Your line is now open.
Charles Anderson: Congrats on a really strong quarter. It was great to hear, Cliff, that there's some stabilizing trends in aviation. So I wonder if you could maybe expand on that a little bit. I know you serve many portions of that market in terms of size and platforms. I'm also sort of curious, looking within the various category grades in aviation, where do you see stabilization versus what's still impacted in a large way by the pandemic? And then I've got a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Well, as I mentioned in the remarks, the OEM categories reflecting owner flown aircraft are doing reasonably well in this environment, and we've seen encouraging signs there. On the retrofit side of things, as I mentioned, if we eliminate the impact from ADS-B, we see positive signs in retrofit, it's particularly driven around new display systems and autopilot systems for existing aircraft on the market. So I think the technologies are super. The safety technologies that come in the retrofit market with our autopilot system and our display systems is something that people recognize as great value. And we see a lot of strength there.
Charles Anderson: Okay. Great. And then for my follow-up, I'm curious on automotive, we're going to now go through this transition where OEM essentially becomes a larger portion of the revenue now that BMW has begun. I wonder if you could speak to the margin profile of that segment from a go-forward basis? It looks like we're not going to make much money in that segment this year, but I'm sort of curious, as that layers in, how that impacts margins going forward?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Definitely, the margin on the OEM categories is lower than the trends on the consumer side, especially as we see the consumer side transition to more specialty products, which are also higher margins. So we'll see that mix of revenues impact the OEM segment. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we're still investing heavily to bring these programs to market. We've brought the BMW, the first C&W program to fruition, which we're a build-to-print supplier, second source basically for that module, which is designed by another party. On the other program that we've won, we're the lead design partner with BMW on that and others are build-to-print for us. And so consequently, we're investing heavily in bringing that technology to market.
Operator: And our next question comes from Will Power with Baird. Your line is now open.
Will Power: I guess a couple of questions. Maybe just to kind of follow-up on the previous auto question. Just trying to, I guess, wondering if you could help us think about the cadence of additional OEM projects behind BMW and what that could mean in terms of turning the quarter on, getting that to breakeven and maybe positive growth? And what's kind of the outlook or timing of that transition and improving the growth outlook there?
Cliff Pemble: We do have additional projects that are underway, which we can't really talk about the specifics, the one that's -- the major one, of course, is the BMW project that we announced about a year ago. In terms of revenue performance in this environment as we bring new projects online, definitely, we've said before that 2020 and into 2021 is going to be an inflection point for revenue growth as these new programs start to contribute.
Will Power: Okay. Maybe just to switch gears to outdoors, continues to be strong performance. Any further color there as to the key drivers? I suspect the Fenix line continues to be probably the lead driver there. But any color on other key contributors there in the quarter?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I would say that Fenix and Instinct are both very strong product lines for us. We launched new versions of those products with solar charging technology, which is a unique differentiator here for Garmin. And those products were very popular in the quarter as we sold into the channel, and they're starting to sell-through now. But we do see strength across other categories, basically everything that involves adventure and outdoor activity, especially golf. Golf is very strong as well. And we felt very good about the performance of our categories in the quarter.
Will Power: Okay. Actually, maybe if I could sneak in one for Doug, just on thinking about taxes and the potential change in administrations next week. Any early thoughts as to how a potential change can impact tax strategy and how you look at your plans on that front?
Doug Boessen: Yes. We do not provide any extra or any additional guidance beside the current year for any effective tax rates. There's a lot of moving parts that go into that tax rate. Obviously, the statutory rates, the income by jurisdiction deduction set. So we'll kind of wait to see how it all plays out.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Ben Bollin: Cliff, Doug, Teri. Cliff, could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing from a product availability perspective across categories? It seems like some may have been short in the quarter. Could you talk to maybe fitness or marine or outdoor, if you're seeing any tightness in delivering products? And then if you're seeing any raw material shortages associated with those builds? And then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So product availability has been fairly tight. The demand has been strong, and we did make adjustments coming out of the significant drop in activity associated with Q2 when all of the lockdowns took place. And since that time, we've been working hard to ramp back up to the levels needed to fill demand. I think we're doing okay. But the backlogs are very strong for us right now. So we're working hard to fill those. In terms of raw materials, we've mostly been okay. I would say there's a few shortages here and there. And especially as our forecast change to the upside, we have to deal with that situation within lead times from our suppliers, but we've had very good cooperation. We've been able to mostly get everything that we need. We rely on our safety stock, of course, in our business. So we do have inventories of things that we can continue to build products. And our vertical integration model is something that allows us to be flexible in what we build and when.
Ben Bollin: Okay. And then the other question is, as it relates to your partners, it seemed like early on with COVID, a lot of the retailers did the same thing. They drew down working capital and inventory. And now they're trying to replenish going into the holidays. Do you have any thoughts on where finished goods inventory is with partners and how do you think that could be playing into your overall visibility as you look forward?
Cliff Pemble: Many partners are experiencing the same things that we are, so the increased demand and, even though they're taking more products, they also are selling out very quickly as well. So we believe the channel inventory on most of the consumer categories is not high. In fact, it's very lean. And in a lot of cases, we find customers looking for our products. So again, we're working hard with our partners to fill the demand and to help customers find what they want.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nik Todorov with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Nik Todorov: I just wanted to look at the implied fourth quarter guidance. I think the implications for sales is to be up sequentially. But I think if I look at the implied EPS for the fourth quarter, that's down more than 15% quarter-over-quarter. I know typically you have a sequential decline in fitness margins in the fourth quarter due to promotions, which is okay. But I guess the sequential decline, it seems a little bit on the EPS side, it's a little bit more than usual. I guess, can you talk about any additional puts and takes?
Cliff Pemble: I think Q4 is different than Q3 as we look at the promotions that are going to go on over the holiday season as well as the product mix and the segment mix. So there's a lot of different factors that go into play there. We'll also be doing more advertising sequentially. So these are all factors that come into play there with our guide.
Nik Todorov: Okay, Cliff. And then on the Aviation segment, I think you spoke about signs of stabilization, which is encouraging. At the same time, I think if I look at the guidance for 17% decline for the year, I think that implies an acceleration in year-over-year declines, where the comp from a year perspective was -- is easier from last year. I just wonder if there is anything in particular that affects the December quarter order?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, that has a very simple explanation. Q4 of 2019 was a huge quarter with ADS-B in the surge and equipage that was going on. And so that's a headwind that will quickly fade as we move past Q4.
Nik Todorov: Okay. And last question for me. I just want to make sure, the major investments that you talked about in OEM, there's nothing new incremental there, it's just that you guys are -- have to keep up with the ramp-up. I don't know, is there any way you can size up the -- how much of net investments you guys are putting into those programs?
Doug Boessen: Yes. So yes, basically, as Cliff mentioned, we are continuing to invest in our OEM businesses, primarily the R&D investments as we get closer to production. Also in the CapEx, we have increased year-over-year CapEx relating to manufacturing facility we have in Europe there.
Nik Todorov: Okay. Just a quick follow-up. On Tacx, I think -- I believe you guys were expecting new capacity to come online here in the second half of this year. I just wonder if you can give us an update on that if it's ready to go and you guys are going to be able to supply product into the December quarter?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. The new Tacx facility is operating. We're starting to do some production functions there as well as distribution of the products out of that facility. And now in Q4, we should be ramping up our physical production lines on the various products to be able to manufacture them in the new facility. So we're very pleased with that, and we believe that's going to be a big incremental adder to filling the Tacx backlog that we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial Partners. Your line is now open.
Ivan Feinseth: Congratulations on another great quarter. And congratulations on this cadence of new products that you've been able to continue during this difficult time. So now in April, on your Q1 call, you had said that you were seeing strong demand for marine and no better way to social distance than be in the middle of a lake on a boat. And it seems you have brought out a lot of new products that provide ancillary participation in marine, including fishing and diving. Did you have these products like already in the pipeline? Or were you able to kind of pivot toward meeting that demand and then that ability to do that has driven your great success? So your adaptability, did you have these new products planned? Or did you kind of develop them as you saw this need growing earlier this year?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think really, we focus on long-term road maps and the products that we introduced yesterday, for instance, in the marine market were products that we've been planning throughout the COVID cycle since before it was a known thing. We didn't waver from the investment we were making in our product road maps. I think that's the key thing, and we were able to maintain our product release schedules, even in the face of significant challenges that we've had like every company with working from home and distancing in the workplace. So I'm super proud of what our team has accomplished. I'm actually amazed sometimes at what they've been able to do. And I think our products are a testament to their determination to be successful in the face of this pandemic.
Ivan Feinseth: Absolutely. And then the pandemic, this whole stay at home, at home, play at home and gaming has been a huge thing since the pandemic and then you brilliantly come out with an e-sports watch. So I like the way that you are taking advantage or adapting to the environment. You mentioned the indoor cycling. What is your plan there to expand your presence in the superhot indoor cycling and indoor fitness market?
Cliff Pemble: Well, our response from the customers on Tacx has been very strong. We have a lot of backlog for those products, and we're working hard to fill those, especially as we look towards the winter season as people are going to be in more. So the Tacx facility, the new production facility, is a big part of our plan to take advantage of that and expanding our distribution, especially in the Americas and Asia for those products.
Ivan Feinseth: Then what other areas, you say, more specialty auto products like the Catalyst, what other types of products do you have kind of in vision coming out?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we have other categories in the works. I can't share details on those, but we have a creative team that are active participants in lifestyles. And so I anticipate we're going to see more new categories in the future in auto on targeting the specialty categories.
Ivan Feinseth: All right. Congratulations again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Erik Richard: Congrats on the fantastic results. I just want to get your kind of high-level thoughts here. And just how do you think about your end markets now from the perspective of, are we seeing TAM expansion? Are we seeing a pull forward of demand from potentially 2021 into the summer months? And just based on your answer there, kind of what gives you the confidence in your answer?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think each market probably has a different story. As we mentioned in Marine, we're seeing what you would probably call TAM expansion as new customers come into the market. In Fitness and Outdoor, it's a strong demand for people that want to be healthier and to engage in fitness and outdoor activities. So again, those could possibly be described as TAM expansion. There's also market share gains that are factors in those things as well. We don't see anything that's happening right now as pull forward into '21. The demand is strong throughout the back end of this year, and we anticipate through the discussions with our partners that 2021 will also have similar trends based on the behavior of people during the pandemic.
Erik Richard: Awesome. And then I guess, how can I -- how should we think about the strength in the consumer, the Fitness and Outdoor segments, in terms of ASP versus unit-driven or maybe, asked a different way, did you -- maybe can you comment on the mix shift that you're seeing either to higher priced devices versus lower priced devices?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think there's a combination of things going on there. There's definitely ASP increases as we launch new products like the Fenix solar line and the Instinct solar line. But there's also unit growth as well as we look at our advanced wellness products in fitness, for example. So it's a combination of things. And the customer base that we're targeting, I think, are those that appreciate the value and the capability of the products that we offer.
Erik Richard: Okay. That's super helpful. And then I just wonder if I could just squeeze it in here. I realize your Marine business has been remarkably steady basically throughout all 4 seasons. I looked -- I count 1 down quarter in the last 30 quarters. But can you just help us kind of understand from a high level, how do the drivers of the Marine business change during, for example, the winter months versus the summer months, if at all?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Marine is historically very seasonal. So in normal times, we would expect that the market would slow down in Q3, late Q3 especially and into Q4 and then ramp up again when the New Year arrives. This is anything but an ordinary year, and so we saw boating activity continuing to take place throughout Q3 and demand for our products was very strong. Not just in the sell-in sense, but also in the sell-through sense at our retailers. So it's an extraordinary year as people take advantage of time on the water. And as we look at Q4, the retailer enthusiasm around marine products and the plans that they have for promotions are very strong. And so we should also see a very strong Q4 for marine, unlike we've seen in past years as well.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thank you all for joining us today. Dave and I available for call backs. Have a wonderful day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference might be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Ms. Teri Seck. Ma’am?
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd. second quarter 2020 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin’s Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/doc. An archive of the webcast and related transcripts will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives and the future impact of actual or potential cyber attacks are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors has been contained in our Form 10-K and second quarter 2020 Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at any time, and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company’s business results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today’s date. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported strong second quarter financial results during a period of extreme uncertainty created by the COVID-19 pandemic. As reported last time, the onset of the coronavirus pandemic and measures taken to control the spread of the virus had a significant impact on the economy, on retailers and our consumers. The month of April was particularly challenging for every business, including Garmin. However, conditions steadily improved, and we ended the quarter with significant growth momentum. Consolidated revenue came in at $870 million, down only 9% on a year-over-year basis. We experienced strong growth from certain online channels, including garmin.com, which partially offset weakness from retailers who were disrupted during the early phases of the pandemic. We also delivered strong profitability. Gross margin was 59.3%. Operating margin was 21.7%, with operating income of $188 million for the quarter. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $0.96 and pro forma EPS of $0.91 for the quarter. Doug will provide additional financial details in a moment, but first, I’d like to make a few remarks on the performance of our business segments. Starting with the fitness segment, revenue increased 17%, driven by strong consumer interest in health and fitness. Sales of advanced wearables and cycling products were very strong in the quarter. Gross and operating margins were 53% and 24%, respectively. We recently acquired Firstbeat Analytics, our long time partner and leading provider of physiological analytics technology for health, fitness and athletic performance. This acquisition will help us achieve even greater levels of innovation that will benefit consumers. Looking forward, we expect that the interest in health and fitness will remain very strong. We are ready to seize this opportunity with a great lineup of new products with more new products on the way. Looking next at marine. Revenue increased 4% as boating and fishing became popular pastimes during the pandemic. Many boat builders were idle during the quarter, which tempered our growth, but retail sales were very strong, led by chartplotters and Panoptix sonars. Gross and operating margins were 59% and 28%, respectively. During the quarter, we launched quatix solar, our first marine smartwatch featuring solar charging technology. Looking forward, interest in our marine products remains very strong. We anticipate an extended marine season this year as boaters maximize their time on the water and boat builders work through production backlogs. Additionally, we intend to leverage our compelling product lineup to capture additional market share. Turning next to the outdoor segment. Revenue decreased 2%. Weakness in traditional handheld categories was mostly offset by growth in adventure watches. Gross margin and operating margin were 65% and 33%, respectively. We recently incorporated solar charging technology into the fenix 6, the 6S, the Instinct line and tactix Delta smartwatches. The Instinct Solar sets a new standard in low power technology by achieving unlimited smartwatch operation using only the energy harvested from the sun. We expect that our solar harvesting technology will be a significant differentiator for us in the smartwatch market. Interest in adventure and outdoor activity remains very strong. We are ready to seize this opportunity with a great lineup of recently introduced products with more new products and new categories on the way. Turning next to the aviation segment. Revenue decreased 31% as the pandemic created economic uncertainty that negatively impacted OEM partners and retrofit activity. In addition, sales of ADS-B products rapidly declined, as we expected, after the U.S. mandate passed and the market matured. Gross and operating margins were 73% and 12%, respectively. During the quarter, Autoland was certified, marking the beginning of a new era for general aviation safety technology. Autoland is already available and flying on the Piper M600 and Daher TBM 940, and additional certifications are on the way. For the remainder of the year, we anticipate aviation will continue to face challenging headwinds. However, we remain confident in the long-term outlook for this segment as interest in general aviation remains high and we are prepared with a strong lineup of products for every aircraft application. In addition, we believe that advanced safety technologies such as Autoland will make general aviation accessible to more people, which in turn is expected to grow the market. Finally, for the auto segment, revenue decreased 46% as automakers idled their factories and driving activity decreased significantly. Gross margin was 47%, with an operating loss of $10 million in the quarter, driven by the investment we are making to complete several significant programs. Specialty RV and truck categories were a bright spot during the quarter. We launched several products, including new diesel navigators with oversized displays and enhanced routing features and our new RV 890 navigator designed specifically for the needs of the RV and camping lifestyle. Looking forward, we anticipate that revenue from OEM products will grow in the back half of the year as we complete several OEM programs. Additionally, we continue to invest in specialty products and expect to enter new market verticals soon. And finally, most of you are aware of the recent cyber attack that led to a network outage affecting much of our website and consumer-facing applications. We immediately assessed the nature of the attack and started remediation efforts. We have no indication that any customer data was accessed, lost or stolen. Additionally, the functionality of Garmin products was not affected other than the ability to access some online services. Critical affected business systems have been restored, and we expect to restore remaining systems in the coming days. We appreciate the patience and kind words of support we’ve received from customers and friends during this challenge. So that concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk us through additional details on financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I’ll begin by reviewing our second quarter financial results, move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $870 million for the second quarter, representing a 9% decrease year-over-year. Gross margin was 59.3%, 100 basis point decrease in the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 37.6%, a 220 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating income was $188 million, a 26% decrease year-over-year. Operating margin was 21.7%, a 510 basis point decrease from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $0.96, pro forma EPS was $0.91. Next, we look at our second quarter revenue by segment. We achieved revenue of $870 million with two of our five segments posting growth, led by the fitness segment with strong revenue growth of 17%. As seen in the charts, we have a diversified business model from both a segment and geography perspective. Looking at our year-to-date revenue for the first six months of 2020. Our consolidated revenue was flat to the prior year, with three of our segments posting growth, led by fitness with 20% growth; marine, with 12% growth. Our geography, EMEA is up 6%; Americas is flat compared to the prior year. Looking next, operating expenses. Our second quarter operating expenses increased by $8 million or 2%. Research and development increased $17 million year-over-year, primarily due to investments in engineering resources. Advertising expenses decreased approximately $12 million from the prior year quarter due to lower media spend. SG&A increased $3 million compared to the prior year quarter, primarily due to increases in personnel-related expenses. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.7 billion and no debt. Accounts receivable increased sequentially to $524 million, but decreased year-over-year in line with second quarter sales. Inventory balance increased on both a sequential year-over-year basis due to our strategy to increase data supply, sport increasingly diversified product lines, timing of product launches, the transition to a higher percentage of ocean shipments compared to air. In the second quarter of 2020, we generated free cash flow of $142 million, $50 million increase from the prior quarter. In the second quarter 2020, we report an effective tax rate of 6.8%. Excluding the impact of a $14 million income tax benefit due to the release of uncertain tax position reserves associated with the 2014 intercompany restructuring, our pro forma effective tax rate was 14% compared to 18.9% in the prior year quarter. The decrease is primarily due to intellectual property migration transaction. This concludes our formal remarks. May, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from the line of Paul Chung [JPMorgan]. Your line is now open.
Paul Chung: Hi. Thanks. Thanks for taking my questions. So just on aviation. You mentioned a long recovery here, and you do have tough comps on ADS-B to end the year. But do you think we’ve kind of troughed in 2Q in your view? And are you seeing any kind of uptick in demand in July? And then on the margins, it looks like your gross margins are pretty steady from the last quarter. What can you do kind of on the OpEx side in the near term to kind of shore up profitability there? And any onetime items kind of hitting aviation or mostly just lower revenue impact?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Good morning, Paul. Definitely, we’ve seen improvements in the sales across all the segments from April, including aviation. As I mentioned, it does take a little more time for that market to recover, but we’re very optimistic about the future there. And definitely, those trends, I think, are continuing as we move into July, and we expect it to do so throughout the end of the year. In terms of margins, particularly the operating margin side of things, we do have – because of the lower volumes, we do have some additional overhead expenses that are being absorbed in the business. But as trends continue to improve over time, we would expect those to wash out.
Paul Chung: And then how big is the Autoland opportunity in your view and in kind of respect of impact on growth in margins?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think as a feature or as a category, it’s an incremental adder. But what we see is that Autoland is a unique technology, differentiating for us that helps our systems stand out compared to others in the market. And so consequently, we see it as a significant differentiator for our entire cockpit system line.
Paul Chung: Okay. And then my last question, just on Tacx. What was the contribution in the quarter? And did you see some uptick in demand kind of given shelter-in-places around the globe? And any update on how the business is kind of scaling in the U.S.? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, we’re including Tacx now within what we call the cycling category. So the results that we talked about, the increased interest in cycling is definitely Tacx is a part of that as well as our cycling head units. There was a lot of interest in these products and continues to be with a lot of people focusing on indoor activities, and the backlogs are very strong. So we’re working to catch up with demand.
Paul Chung: Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Nik Todorov [Longbow Research]. Your line is now open.
Nik Todorov: Yes. Thanks, thanks for taking the question. Hi, guys and congrats on great execution and results. Cliff, can you talk about the sustainability of – especially on the consumer-facing markets, the fitness, the outdoors and maybe a little bit in the marine? Obviously, I think a lot of investors have expected the stimulus in North America and in part of Europe has drove a lot of money in the pockets of the consumers and that has helped spending in discretionary items. But how do you see that demand sustaining into the second half? And any kind of color you can give us on how you’re thinking about the September quarter directionally? I know you’re not guiding, but typically, seasonally has been down. Now obviously, it’s a much more unique situation. So how are you thinking of sequential performance in the September quarter overall? That will be helpful.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So the stimulus, I suppose, when people have more money, they do spend it, which is the intent of the program. I would say, though, that as we look forward, and there’s uncertainty around what stimulus or how much it would be, we still see a lot of interest from retailers and excitement around things coming up in the second half. So we believe that with their indications, plus what we’re hearing back from consumers that the product categories that we’re in are the ones where people will spend their money. In terms of September, we don’t comment in terms of forward guidance. As I mentioned in my remarks, we did exit the quarter with strong momentum, and we’re continuing to experience that. And so we’re focusing on making sure that we can fill all of demand for the quarter and also for the back half of the year.
Nik Todorov: Okay. And on the fitness gross margin, very strong given, I believe, you had a little bit more – you were a little bit more aggressive on the discounting to drive consumer demand, which actually paid-off. But when you talked about strength in cycling, are you guys seeing also, in addition to Tacx, maybe a little bit more contribution from your traditional cycling outdoor products, and that is a strong contributor to that gross margin, essentially staying flat year-over-year? Is that a right way to think about it?
Cliff Pemble: Well, there’s always product mix that comes into the overall gross margin for a segment. We definitely saw increased sales of Tacx, which we’ve remarked in the past is at about at category average or slightly below. And then we also saw strong sales of other products, which are category average or above. So in general, it – the extra products and Tacx certainly didn’t hurt us. And the promotional activities were targeted and the mix of sales between retailers and online was such that we came out very well in the quarter.
Nik Todorov: Okay. And then moving to free cash flow. I mean, I think this is the second strongest free cash flow in the second quarter in a while. How should we think about the full year free cash flow or any thoughts on resuming the buyback?
Doug Boessen: Yes. So as it relates to free cash flow in Q2, we saw there is some year-over-year improvement in some working capital items there. So as we saw the receivables receipts were higher year-over-year just due to the lower demand that we had in Q2 being lower from that standpoint. At this point in time, we’re not providing any forward-looking guidance for free cash flow. And at this point in time, we do not have plans for any stock buyback.
Nik Todorov: Okay. And last question for me. I think, Cliff, you mentioned that you expect some new verticals to enter in auto. I wonder if that’s on the OEM side. I know you have a lot of opportunities there or on the PND side. Any kind of – what makes you most excited? I know you’re generally not commenting on any future products, but any kind of hints will be helpful.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think we’re moving fastest in innovative new products and new verticals on the consumer side across our business. And again, I get excited about all of the products that we’re doing across the business. I think we have some great things coming. And I think we’re very excited about those.
Nik Todorov: Okay. Got it. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Nik.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ben Bollin [Cleveland Research]. Your line is now open.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, everyone. Thanks. Thanks for taking the questions. I wanted to start, could you provide a little bit of color about where you think channel inventory is? Cliff, you mentioned in the marine segment, the boat builders were idle and maybe constrained some supply or demand in the quarter. Could you address what you’re seeing there? And then also in the broader wearables and any other categories where you’re seeing maybe an imbalance in channel inventory out there.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So I would say, in general, at the channel level, we think things are in balance or even possibly lean at this point. We watch very closely the real-time pull-through of our products through registrations that we have. And so consequently, we can definitely see the trends in the retail side of things and compare that to what we see in the channel and what we’re shipping into the channel. So we’re seeing a lot of strength on the consumer side of things. It’s definitely not backing up in the channel. And then if anything, it’s a little lean. From the boat builder side, they’re not necessarily a source of inventory. They take products as they need them. But on the retail side of marine, sales have been very strong, and we’ve been working hard with our retail partners on the marine side to keep up with the demand.
Ben Bollin: Okay. Another question I had, Doug, could you share any updates on where you are from a factory perspective? I believe there’s some new facilities associated with Tacx. And then you’ve talked a little bit about this BMW Tier 1 facility. Where are you on the ramp in these facilities? Any thoughts on the timing and the capital outlay associated with those through the course of this year into next year?
Doug Boessen: Yes. So basically, I would say that, first, both of those facilities you mentioned, the Tacx manufacturing facility that we have in Europe as well as the OEM manufacturing facility in Europe, both of those are on plan. So we both – we expect both of those to be up and running here later in the year. And actually, things are going well from those, and those will be basically – especially from the Tacx standpoint, that really helped us out because of the increased demand we’re seeing on our Tacx products to meet some of that demand. At this point in time, I’m not providing any full forward-looking guidance on any CapEx.
Ben Bollin: Okay. Last question is could you talk a little bit about how you are treating the broader COVID situation with employees? Where they’re working? The mix of maybe at your facilities versus at their homes? How that’s coming back online? And then any influence that’s had on OpEx to date, maybe lower OpEx levels with less people, less travel, things like that? And then any thoughts on how permanent this might be looking forward?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we have been very careful as we’ve gone through this process to try to maintain a very safe workplace. At the beginning, we had most of our people at home. Of course, as a production and distribution business, there are certain people that always have to be here. But for the most part, they were at home. We’ve since transitioned to about one-third of our associates being on site, and we’ve implemented protocols as we work here in our buildings across the world really for keeping safety. We’re anticipating that this is a long-term deal. We’re not rushing to get people back. But at the same time, we’re also trying to focus on rotating people in and out of the facility to get them with their teammates to be able to interact and enjoy the dynamic environment that we have here at Garmin. In terms of OpEx impact, it’s difficult to quantify, but I would say there’s increased pressure for expenses, of course, as we provided more benefits for our associates to be able to manage some of the difficulties they’ve had in their personal life with schools and family members and also concerns for their own health. But in general, we feel like that’s manageable, and we’re happy and we’re very pleased actually with how we’ve been able to work through this crisis so far.
Ben Bollin: Great. Thank you. And best luck in back half.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Will Power [Baird]. Your line is now open.
Will Power: Great. Thanks. Yes, I guess a couple of questions. First, maybe to come back to one of the earlier questions or remarks. As we move almost into August here from July, I mean, any reason to think that the trends you’ve seen in fitness, outdoor, marine shouldn’t continue through Q3? I mean it sounds like you exited on a really strong note, and I assume that’s continuing. Just want to kind of confirm that first.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. As I said in my remarks, we definitely see continued opportunity through the year in those categories, particularly as people are very interested in health, wellness, fitness and outdoor activity and adventure. So those are very strong products, the fenix Solar, Instinct Solar is resonating very well. And of course, I think consumers are excited about what will happen in the back half as retailers start to get back to normal in terms of promotions and holidays.
Will Power: Okay. And then second question, just thinking about supply chain, and I guess probably inventory, too. I mean anything you can call out on the supply chain front in terms of constraints or concerns in terms of components for products? And then the second piece is, as you look at the fitness category, in particular, I know a lot of retailers have struggled to keep as many bicycles in as they liked. There’s been, as we know, strong retail demand on that front. Has that extended to your products? Are there any issues with respect to having enough inventory on hand for retailers on the cycling front?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So supply chain wise, I think the – early in the pandemic, the focus was on supply chain continuity and maintaining the flow of components we needed for our business. As the pandemic evolved, of course, then everyone worried about the economic downturn. As things have come back, if anything, where we had challenges in supply chain is keeping up with the demand. And that’s part of what we’ve mentioned in terms of gross margin. The freight costs were higher as we work to get products in place for retailers and opportunities that needed them. Specifically around cycling, definitely that has been an area of constraint when it comes to product availability, especially in Tacx products. Again, we have a strong backlog of those. And also with cycling computers and those kinds of products, we are spending more on air freight as we try to get those into place at retailers. Cycling activities have been very popular with customers. 
Will Power: Okay. And maybe just last question. As you look at the geographic breakdown, APAC a bit weaker than the other two regions. And that’s a region that, I guess, returning – I guess, should be returning to normal more quickly or should happen in Q2. Just to be interested in the color there, what’s the mix difference maybe that’s driving the relatively weaker performance in Asia Pac versus the other areas?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. APAC has performed very differently from the Western markets. I think the pandemic and the concern over the pandemic was much stronger there than in some of the other regions, especially at first. And so they’ve taken longer to come back. Each country has its own story. But of course, China has been a significant factor, as well as larger countries like Thailand as well. So APAC kind of is a different narrative from the other geographies. In Americas, I would say that aviation impacted us more there than the consumer side of things. So Americas’ performance, I feel, was very good. And a similar story, in Europe, although aviation’s impact is lower there, but still was an impact. But in general, when you exclude that, I’m very pleased with the performance of those geographies.
Will Power: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Next in line is Charlie Anderson [Colliers Securities]. Your line is now open.
Charlie Anderson: Yes. Thank you for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. I wanted to start with aviation, Cliff. I recall last quarter, you had some comments about potentially in aviation you could see some benefit there because of routes cut from commercial aviation. I wonder maybe you could just update us on your long-term thoughts on aviation. Do you still think there’ll be benefits created by the pandemic as it relates to the portions of the market you participate in? And then I’ve got a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think my view is still very much in line with that. In fact, I feel like, if anything, many are coming out in the industry supporting that view. We see some of the partners in the charter side of things see a significant uptick in the number of people who are inquiring about and proceeding with charter flights over the concern over exposure on airlines. And I think general aviation definitely has a slower timetable when it comes to reacting to these kinds of demand changes. It’s still a very small market. But for sure, we’re seeing anecdotal evidence of customers being more interested in investing in aircraft and in equipment.
Charlie Anderson: Okay. Great. And then for my follow-up, I was sort of curious about go-to-market strategy. I think there was a comment about garmin.com helping out. I wonder if you think that’s a permanent change or shift in the trajectory of direct-to-consumer as a proportion of your business? Or that was more temporary because of some demand that retailers couldn’t fill? And then I’m also curious about advertising spending. It was down a decent amount from a year ago, and you also got some leverage there. I wonder if there’s a permanent change in maybe needing less advertising? Or that was just a function of sort of some of the things that were happening in the quarter?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of go-to-market on the website side of things, I do see that, that shift would be longer term in our business. And again, we have a mix of all kinds of retail and product outlet situation. So we work with all of them, but we definitely see that customers are gravitating towards online purchases, whether it’s through a partner or through Garmin. And we did see a significant uptick, as we mentioned in our own web sales, which we view as a positive development. In terms of advertising and what the dynamics are there, there are really two things. There was certainly impact because of the pandemic and everyone just pulling back because for a while, everyone was glued to news channels and websites, staying indoors and not doing much. But as things evolve, that quickly changed. And so we became very strategic in how we spent our advertising money, focusing on digital and social channels as well as co-op opportunities with retailers. I would see that continuing as well as we go forward, as the situation remains very dynamic and retailers’ plans also are very dynamic.
Charlie Anderson: Okay, great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ivan Feinseth [Tigress Financial Partners]. Your line is now open.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you for taking my questions and congratulations on another great quarter. Congratulations on the Firstbeat acquisition. Now some of the other companies that use the technology from Firstbeat that – do they have like contracts to license the technology? Are you going to continue to license technology to other firms? Or what is your view on licensing some of your technology because you also have great technology in other areas. And have you ever licensed technology to other companies before?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Firstbeat has a list of their own customers. Of course, Garmin is one of those and the major one. They will continue those relationships for the most part. And I think there could be various adjustments on different priorities that they have. They have a lot of activity with research and different things, of course. But in general, I would see that the technology would continue to be evolved and innovative for the benefit of customers.
Ivan Feinseth: Right. Then since Autoland is such an innovative and incredible product, and do you see a way of leveraging that innovation into automotive OEM especially in some autonomous vehicle technology? I don’t know if you saw that. Ford announced a new partnership with Mobileye. And I know you have a partnership with Ford with the Mustang Mach-E V, as well as, let’s say, working not only with the auto manufacturers, but some of the tech manufacturers like Mobileye or NVIDIA, which makes the drive computer, or even Qualcomm that has a number of autonomous vehicle computers coming out.
Cliff Pemble: I would say that Autoland is solving a unique problem for the aviation market, and there’s a lot of considerations in the technology around how airplanes operate in the airspace system and the nuances of airports and landing and communication and all of those things. So I think it’s very specific there. Of course, there’s fundamental control technologies that are probably extensible to other areas. But specifically for auto, that problem is much different to solve, and I wouldn’t see a lot of overlap there. We do partner with others in the industry as well on some of our OEM products, but we would see ourselves mostly there serving as a component or a technology provider as part of the bigger system.
Ivan Feinseth: Okay. What about extending the solar screen technology to other handhelds, like the inReach with – that would be another great item to have solar charging?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Solar is a great technology for us that I’m really super excited about, and it has a lot more applications that we can apply it to across our product lines in several segments.
Ivan Feinseth: And then without giving specific products and categories, can you give us like an indication because you speak a lot about new innovative products to come in different categories. Could you give us some idea of these categories and products?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think Garmin is all about adventure and activity. And so these new products will take us deeper into those kinds of spaces, market spaces and categories.
Ivan Feinseth: Public, for example, one of the – some of the trends from the pandemic, RV sales are on fire. Yesterday, Polaris said they saw unprecedented demand for ATVs and personal watercraft and bikes. Do you see opportunities that – are we going to see new products in those categories?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, we see opportunities across all those kinds of specialty vehicles, and we’re working hard to appeal to a new group of customers that are discovering those kind of activities.
Ivan Feinseth: Very good. Congratulations again.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Erik Woodring [Morgan Stanley]. Your line is now open.
Erik Woodring: Thank you and good morning, guys. Congrats on the quarter. I’m just following up on a few questions from earlier. So first, just to follow-up on Ivan’s question there. From a design standpoint, are there any inhibitors to you in including solar technology in, for example, wearables products? I guess we’ll start there and I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Actually, Erik, the solar components now are on our wearables. So the fenix line, the Instinct line, the tactix as well as the quatix, those are all our smartwatch wearables, and that’s where we targeted that technology first.
Erik Woodring: Right. I meant more on the fitness side, so the Forerunner, any of the vivos, anything on that end?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. There’s no technical limitation to where it can go. I think it’s best suited in environments where the devices are already naturally low-power designs because solar technology, while it’s exciting, it’s still very challenging to collect enough energy from the sun to do some of the things that the more advanced wearables do. But in general, it will continue to evolve, we’ll continue to improve it, improve the efficiency and make it a real differentiator for Garmin.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. Very helpful. And then just as a follow-up. Congrats on the Piper M600 Autoland win. I’m just curious, from a high level, we know that in 2008, 2009, aviation was fairly weak. Would just love to hear what you think about aviation today during the current crisis relative to that time? And any differences you see that you can compare and contrast? And then as a follow-up to that is also just what inning you think we’re in with ADS-B? Obviously, the mandate has passed, but if there’s any kind of juice left in that tank? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So I would say the similarities to 2008 and 2009 with regard to aviation business performance, in both cases, there was an economic shock that impacted the segment. But I think that’s probably where the similarity ends. Back in 2008 and 2009, there was a significant oversupply of every kind of business jet. And so as the financial crisis developed and companies were pulling back, individuals we’re pulling back, there’s a lot of used aircraft on the market, which impacted valuations. And even to this day, there’s probably still impact from that more than 10 years on. And I would say that this time, though, one of the positive things that we see is that activity in the light jet side of things, probably light and up to light medium jet is still very strong. And as I mentioned in the earlier question that interest around charter and ownership in those class of aircraft is remaining firm. So we’re excited about that. And we think even in the small aircraft side of things, there’s more potential as people consider traveling by private aircraft as opposed to commercial aircraft. And then on your question with ADS-B, what inning are we in? We – actually we’re in the extra innings. So we felt like ADS-B performed in terms of overall market adaptation, much better than anyone predicted at the very beginning stages. And as we go forward, it doesn’t mean that we sell zero ADS-B products. We’ll continue to sell ADS-B products to new aircraft. Of course, they all need that. And also as in the aftermarket, we expect that competitive systems will be upgraded. That’s a market opportunity for us to take share. And of course, products, repairs and things that happen that require new systems. So it will be just an ongoing business going forward.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. And if I could just sneak one last one in for Doug. Just in the past, you’ve commented on the trajectory of different OpEx lines. Just wondering if you can provide any color there. But that’s it for me. Thanks, guys.
Doug Boessen: Yes. Regarding operating expense in general, we’ll continue to make investments in our own business really to grow that. At this time, we’re not to able to provide any detailed forward-looking guidance on OpEx, but we’ll continue to make investments appropriate to drive our business.
Erik Woodring: Great. Thanks, guys. Congrats on the quarter.
Operator: At this time, I would like to turn it back to the speakers for any further comments.
Teri Seck: I’d just like to thank everyone for joining the call today. Doug and I are available for callbacks. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. Thank you all for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-29 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. First Quarter of 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, today's program may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Teri Seck, Manager of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd. First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcripts will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross margins, operating margins, future dividends, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K and first quarter 2020 Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the duration and impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. This means that results could change at any time, and any statement about the impact of COVID-19 on the company's business results and outlook is the best estimate based on the information available as of today's date. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. First quarter of 2020 continued the strong momentum we experienced in the back half of last year. Revenue increased 12%, resulting in a new record for the first quarter. Gross margin was stable to last year, and operating margin expanded, resulting in operating income growth of 17%. Late in the quarter, the landscape changed as the COVID-19 outbreak became a global pandemic and governments responded with drastic measures to slow the spread of the virus. This resulted in unprecedented economic changes affecting every company, and Garmin is no exception. Accordingly, we are withdrawing our fiscal 2020 guidance. However, we are optimistic for the long-term as the markets we serve and the products we offer are well positioned to succeed in a post pandemic world. I'll explain why we are optimistic in just a moment. But first, I want to share a few insights on how Garmin is approaching the most significant health and economic crisis of our time. First, I'll highlight our business priorities. The global awareness of the coronavirus is recent, but its impact was felt much earlier when parts of Asia were dramatically affected by its emergence and rapid spread. Since the beginning, employee safety has been our top priority, starting in Asia and expanding as the virus spread to other regions of the world. Most of our employees can work from home. And we've taken steps to protect those who continue to work within our facilities. Our employees adapted to these new circumstances with speed and resilience, and I'm super proud of their response to this challenge. Our second priority has been to strengthen our supply chain. In the early days of the virus outbreak, our supply chain teams were working hard to ensure we would not be affected by the widespread industrial shutdowns that were occurring in Asia. I'm pleased to report that our supply chain is healthy, and we've not missed any opportunities due to COVID-19-related disruptions. This is remarkable considering the unprecedented disruption occurring in global supply chains. Our third priority is to focus on opportunities. The crisis is often defined by its challenges, but we are looking through the lens of opportunity. We've accelerated efforts to increase our mix of online sales with business partners and on garmin.com. We have plenty of inventory, allowing us to capture market share. And finally, we'll be using this opportunity to refine our product road map priorities to make sure we have the right products now and after the crisis fades. Next, I will talk about the leadership model we've embraced during this time of global crisis and unprecedented disruption. First, we think to choose positively. In the contrast - constant rumble of negative unthinkable headlines, there are positive thinking, things happening all over Garmin. All of us wonder what the new normal will be. No matter what happens, I feel good about the markets we serve and the product lines we offer. We believe every business segment has a bright future. Second, we are responding accordingly. We recognize the world is facing the most significant health and economic crisis of our time. We understand it could take some time before the global economy recovers from the effects of the virus and the actions taken to control its spread. With this in mind, we're taking pragmatic steps to maintain our strong financial position. And finally, we're focused on the long term. In this dynamic environment, aiming at what we see today will only cause us to miss the target. Instead, we're aiming for where we want to be when the crisis fades. Paraphrasing our company mission, we aspire to be an enduring company by creating superior products that are an essential part of our customers' lives. Our vision is to be a globally respected leader in every market we serve. We expect to emerge from this crisis as a stronger and more capable company. This isn't the first global crisis we faced, and it won't be our last. During each test, past and present, we rely on a set of unique strengths that help us through times of crisis. First, our highly diverse business model provides a rich set of opportunities and reduces our reliance on single markets and product lines. Each market we serve and each product line we offer has an important role to play, both now and in the future. We are also well diversified geographically with roughly half of our revenue generated in the Americas, 1/3 in Europe and the remainder from Asia Pacific. Our revenue diversity will help us capture opportunities as the pandemic evolves from region to region. Second, we are a vertically integrated company. We control our own supply chain and are not overly reliant on outside partners to produce and distribute our products. This gives us a high degree of flexibility, efficiency and effectiveness while operating in a highly dynamic business environment. And finally, we have a strong balance sheet with no debt and over $2.6 billion in cash and marketable securities. We're often asked why we maintain such a strong balance sheet, and our answer remains the same. Our balance sheet provides stability to our investors through our commitment to an attractive dividend and allows us to invest for the future when others are pulling back. In summary, our balance sheet is the cornerstone of our ability to face a crisis such as this. With these things in mind, I'd like to spend a few minutes providing a market update for each of our segments. Fitness had a strong quarter, driven by advanced wearables and our Tacx indoor bike trainers, which continue to experience strong demand during the current stay-at-home orders. A positive outcome of this crisis is the increasing focus on personal fitness, health and wellness. People recognize that good health is an important defense against contracting the virus. And they're looking for tools that can help them improve their health. Our fitness products are highly relevant today and will remain so in the future. Marine posted a strong first quarter, driven by our strong lineup of chartplotters and game-changing sonar technology. We were recognized as Supplier of the Year by Independent Boat Builders, Inc. for the second year in a row, and our sponsored anglers swept the top 3 spots at the recent 2020 Bassmaster Classic. Boating is an active lifestyle pursuit that promotes family time, relaxation and a sense of freedom. In the long term, we believe that the current crisis will increase consumer interest in boating and fishing. Certain restrictions have prevented some boats from coming out of storage as planned, which could impact the marine season. Once restrictions are eased, we expect to see strong demand for our products. Regardless of how things play out, we believe compelling innovation is driving market share gains, and we will continue to deliver innovation for the future. Outdoor posted strong operating results driven by adventure watches. Time in the outdoors is highly compatible with healthy social distancing. And we believe that interest in outdoor activities will increase in the future. We already have a great lineup of products that support a broad range of outdoor activities. And in coming months, we will strengthen our position by introducing compelling new products and new categories. Aviation delivered strong operating results for the first quarter. We saw additional growth in the ADS-B category but at a lower rate than last year, which was expected. Retrofit systems were strong, while OEM categories were roughly flat. The aviation market has been significantly impacted by the pandemic and economic damage caused by measures to contain the spread. First, travel has been brought to a near standstill by stay-at-home orders and international border closings. This has impacted both commercial and general aviation. Business confidence has been shaken by stock market volatility and rapidly declining economic activity. From history, we know that aviation takes longer to recover from severe economic shocks. Even so, we are optimistic about the future. We believe more people will seek transportation options that are secure, flexible and convenient. These are the enduring qualities that general aviation has been known for throughout the decades. We are ready for this opportunity with industry-leading cockpit systems for every aircraft from light sport airplanes to large business jets. We will continue to invest for the future. And disruptive new cockpit technologies are on the way. Revenue from auto decreased 17% in the first quarter, and the segment was essentially breakeven. The first quarter of the year is seasonally slower for our consumer products, and some of our top-performing OEM products are at a mature point of their life cycle. As I mentioned earlier, people will seek transportation options that are secure, flexible and convenient. For this reason, we believe personal autos will remain an important part of the future. To prepare for this opportunity, we've been making significant progress transforming ourselves to be a Tier 1 auto supplier. New vehicles are launching this year with Garmin hardware and software solutions, which will lead to revenue growth for the OEM category. In addition, we will be introducing new specialty product categories that will appeal to automotive adventurers. Finally, I want to make a few remarks about our plans for guidance. The impact of the coronavirus and the economic damage caused by efforts to contain its spread are unprecedented. The ultimate outcome remains unpredictable, causing us to withdraw our fiscal 2020 guidance, as I mentioned earlier. While the long-term is difficult to predict, we want to share insights on what we have seen so far in Q2. On a consolidated basis, our April sales are trending about 40% lower than last year, as many retailers have curtailed operations and consumer activity has been severely limited by government restrictions. We expect these trends to continue throughout the second quarter as restrictions remain in place across much of the globe. We anticipate being profitable in Q2, provided that our revenue development follows the trends we've been seeing so far. We've taken near-term measures to defer discretionary expenses, prioritize uses of cash for critical CapEx and acquisitions, and we've sharpened our focus in R&D. We look forward to providing annual guidance once economic volatility subsides and when consumer behaviors are better understood after restrictions are eased and the crisis passes. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk us through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Douglas Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our first quarter financial results, move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $856 million for the first quarter, representing a 12% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 59.2%, a 20 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 38.5%, a 70 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $177 million, a 17% increase year-over-year. Operating margin was 20.7%, a 90 basis point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $0.84 and pro forma EPS was $0.91. Next, to look at our first quarter revenue by segment, we achieved record first quarter revenue of $856 million, with 4 of our 5 segments posting double-digit growth. As seen in the charts, we have a diversified business model from both a segment and geography perspective. Looking next, operating expenses. First quarter operating expenses increased by $29 million or 10%. Research and development increased $19 million year-over-year, investments in engineering resources, incremental costs associated with recent acquisitions. Advertising expense decreased approximately $1 million from the prior year quarter. SG&A increased $10 million compared to prior year quarter, but decreased as a percentage of sales to 16%, 60 basis point decrease compared to the prior year. Increase was primarily due to personnel-related expenses, incremental costs associated with recent acquisitions. As Cliff mentioned, we're implementing expense control measures to defer discretionary spending and sharpening our focus in R&D. A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.6 billion and no debt. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $500 million on a seasonally strong fourth quarter, increased year-over-year in line with first quarter sales. Inventory balance increased on both a sequential year-over-year basis as we have been preparing for the seasonally strong second quarter. We are aligning production levels and inventory with anticipated demand. However, we expect incremental increases in inventory in the near term as it takes time to scale supply chain around near-term demand. During the first quarter of 2020, we generated free cash flow of $185 million, $50 million increase for the prior year quarter. We took another look at our capital expenditures and now expect 2020 annual cap expenditures to be approximately $140 million. 2 key capital expenditure projects for 2020 were the Tacx manufacturing facility and the auto OEM manufacturing facility in Europe. Also during the quarter, we paid dividends of $109 million. Turning an attractive dividend to our shareholders is one of current priorities for cash. In the first quarter of 2020, we reported an effective tax rate of 9.3% compared to 15.7% in the prior year quarter. The decrease is primarily due to the migration of intellectual property ownership from Switzerland to United States. This concludes our formal remarks. Jonathan, can you please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research.
Benjamin Bollin: Cliff, I wanted to start, I think, back in 2008, 2009, you were, I believe, President and COO of the organization. Interested in any thoughts you have on how - what you're seeing now is similar or different versus then? And if you kind of take out your crystal ball and look into the future, how are you thinking about things developing? Or what are you looking for in the business before you start thinking about providing guidance on the year or even on a forward-looking basis? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. Thanks, Ben. I think 2008, 2009 was a totally different set of circumstances. I think Garmin was a much different company back then. About 70-plus percent of our revenue came from literally one product line. And we were not as well diversified then as we are now in terms of facing a crisis. So we had a lot to worry about at that time, and we were facing also not only an economic crisis, but a declining market. I feel like things are totally different now. Our company is very well diversified. And our product lines target all of the areas where we believe people are going to have a lot of interest in, especially as these restrictions are removed. So one thing we learned in the past is that, certainly, you have to have great new products. You have to be able to continue to invest. We're doing all of those things today, but we're a much different company than we were back then. In terms of how things develop for guidance, as I mentioned, we're going to be looking for changes around these restrictions. I think there's still a lot of uncertainty that's happening as every locale seems to have a different approach to removing restrictions. And every locale has a different approach when it comes to how much things they allow so all of these things probably impact consumer behavior. That's a big wildcard. And then just trying to see how the economic volatility shakes out once we get a feel for that, we believe we'll be in a good position to be able to predict the business going forward.
Benjamin Bollin: The follow-up, if you look at your retail footprint, my understanding is you have a little more exposure to smaller specialty stores versus perhaps some other OEMs. What is your approximate exposure to maybe smaller mom-and-pops, smaller specialty retailers that don't have perhaps the same type of balance sheet as the larger big box stores? And any concerns on receivables from those partners?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I don't have a number I can share in terms of mix. But what I would tell you is that the execution of retail partners has been varied. The smaller shops are looking for ways to be successful and to try to keep their businesses open. Some of the larger retailers have taken a more conservative approach, and that's impacted, obviously, the retail sell-out and the availability of products for consumers. But we've seen a great improvement in terms of online sales. So we're really excited about that, and we're working with our business partners to be able to enhance their online sales as well as our own garmin.com.
Douglas Boessen: Yes. And regarding receivables, Ben, so those - yes, we are getting some requests from some of our customers regarding extended payment terms, and we're granting some of those. But I do want to - so our DSO probably will increase in Q2. But we want to remind everybody that we do have trade credit insurance to limit some of our exposure with our receivables.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nick Todorov from Longbow Research.
Nikolay Todorov: I hope everyone is safe and well. Doug, can you comment on - or Cliff, on the current state of the channel inventories in each of the segments, maybe relative to historical norms? And what do you think is going to be the retailer strategy for channel inventory for the remainder of the year? I understand how in second quarter, there's going to be a lot of destocking. But do you have any visibility how these - your partners are thinking about the second half?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think we don't have a lot of direct feedback. I would tell you this, that we believe that the channel inventory is actually low. Where we see less restrictions in some of the locales, we actually see sell-through, as indicated by our Garmin Connect indications as being very strong. And with the sell-in situation being much lower, we believe the channel inventory is being depleted.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. And the second question now. Can you help us how should we think about decremental margins? It's very unusual to see revenue declines on a sequential or on a year-over-year basis for you. I think historically, it had been in the mid-30% range, but any color on how should we think about decrementals, that would be helpful here.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think it's not surprising that we see revenue declines in this environment. Today, GDP for the quarter was down 5%. And most of the economic activity impact was in the last couple of weeks of the quarter. And so there's a severe economic impact taking place out there, and we certainly cannot defy that gravity. But in terms of our margin impact, it all depends on product mix. We think some of the online sales will be accretive. And of course, our key product lines are still a strong part of the overall mix. And so we're not anticipating any gross margin impact to any significant degree.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. And then the last question before I jump back in the queue. Can you help us think about OpEx? I mean a lot of companies have seen increased expenses related to COVID-19. Are you seeing any? What is the impact of that? I know you originally planned to scale up R&D and SG&A, but at the same time, I think I'm assuming that some discretionary spend is going to go down. Any color on how should we think about operating expenses in the near future?
Douglas Boessen: Sure. Regarding - this is primarily, as we look at what's happening with our demand, so we've taken a close look at our expenses across the board and put in place various expense control measures. Some of those of which were slowing our hiring. The second of which is taking a look at all of our discretionary spend just to make sure that, that's appropriate. And also as it relates to advertising, with the lower demand there, we're flexing our advertising down in response to some of that lower demand that's out there. And as it relates to CapEx, it was previously mentioned that we took a look at all of our CapEx also and making sure that's all the critical CapEx we have. So relates to Q2, looking at each one of those, probably R&D and SG&A, I probably expect that to probably be up dollar amount year-over-year just due to our analyzing - or annualizing some of the 2019 headcount additions. As it relates to advertising, that's one that we would expect that to be down year-over-year just due to the flexing that down on our demand. But we're constantly looking at our expense structure and seeing how we want to make that fit with the current environment we're at.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Anderson from Dougherty & Company.
Charles Anderson: I wanted to start on the comments around the April sales. I just wanted to double check that, that was indeed a sell-in versus a sell-through comment. And then within that, I wondered if it's one versus the other, if you could sort of speak to the other. So if it's a sell-in, what are you seeing in terms of sell-through trends? And then you have all kinds of different businesses here. I wonder if you could sort of speak to how uniform those declines are? What's better off versus what's worse off within the business unit, then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Okay. Yes. So April, the April trends that we're seeing, everything that we're doing is, of course, sell-in. To the extent that those sales came from our online mix, of course, that's going more direct-to-consumer. But in general, it's more influenced by sell-in. Sell-out, again, as I mentioned earlier, our indications from our product registrations on Garmin Connect are strong in those regions where restrictions allow the kinds of activities our products are known for. So we're encouraged by that. And because of that, we believe that the channel inventory is being depleted in some of those places as customers are looking for products and trying to find whatever they can. In terms of segment by segment, we're seeing right now in terms of the sell-in stronger results in outdoor and fitness compared to the trends that I mentioned. Marine is about where we expect. And then aviation and auto are trending behind.
Charles Anderson: Okay, great. And then as it relates to the auto OEM business, I wonder if you could sort of speak to what you're seeing there? And then we have a few large projects on the horizon with BMW and Geely. If you could just update us on if those schedules are remaining on track?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So our current sell-in situation in the OEM is affected by those programs that are more mature, like I mentioned in the remarks. So we're seeing some weakness there as - and especially probably compounded by the fact that automakers are shut down right now, and their inventories are high. As we look towards the back half of the year, we do have those newer programs launching, and those should be a boost to the overall auto OEM category. And the projects, the major ones, especially the BMW project, it's a very complicated and involved project, but it's going well. And we're meeting all of the milestones there, including standing up our factories that we need to be able to support the program.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Will Power from Baird.
William Power: I guess a couple of questions. Yes, I guess either Cliff or Doug, I guess I'd be curious as to trends you've seen in Asia Pac. I mean, it looked like lower growth in Q1. And obviously, they would have had an earlier COVID impact, but what have you seen trend there from March into April? And how does that inform how you're thinking about some of the other geographies?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. Asia continues to struggle right now. China, I think, was the first country that really was impacted from a virus outbreak perspective, and the retail channels there completely shut down due to the virus spread. And we've seen it kind of roll around from country to country. So some of the stronger countries as they get impacted and implement their own measures, then of course, we see the situation change. So in general, as a whole, APAC has struggled to regain their footing, even though they're theoretically a little more advanced in the overall development of the pandemic. But we see encouraging signs in those countries where the virus has either been well controlled and restrictions are lifting or they haven't yet had the kind of spread that other countries have had.
William Power: Okay. And then, Cliff, I guess, separately, you had talked about one of the areas of focus going forward is looking at opportunities longer term. And I think you referenced the strong balance sheet and cash. So how should we think about potential M&A? What are - are you starting to see more opportunities? How aggressive might you be there? And are there particular verticals that could look interesting here given some of the challenges of some of your competitors potentially in the markets?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. We're still looking for opportunities. Of course, we're very discriminating, but I would anticipate there would be some opportunities that would come our way in the near term. And I think generally, our experience in the past has been that this tends to shake out more opportunities. So again, we're looking to leverage our cash for things that can help Garmin be stronger and grow in the future, and that's what we'll continue to do during this time.
William Power: Okay. Great. Yes. I hope you all stay as safe and healthy as possible. Thanks.
Clifton Pemble: Thanks, Will.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Chung from JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: So just first up, retail shops are seeing some 0 traffic essentially. So how big of a shift to online channels are you seeing as a result? Is there kind of a percentage of sales on your website and e-commerce site you can share pre-COVID? And then as we move forward post, are you thinking about kind of like a shift in strategy to kind of place more emphasis on direct-to-consumer e-commerce channels which would benefit margins, I assume? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So online and web has been very strong during this time. I think it's a combination of the fact that many retailers, especially the bigger ones, have restricted access to their stores and customers are looking for ways to get products safely, so they're turning to online. For us, our website growth has been phenomenal during this period, and we've been adding to our capabilities on the website to be able to support sales strategies there. With all of that said, our retailers remain very important to us. And as soon as they can come back online, we'll certainly be supporting them. But we do see a significant shift at this time, and I would anticipate that generally speaking, the shift to online that has been occurring broadly across all of the geographies is going to continue in the future.
Paul Chung: And then a follow up on the marine side, nice kind of growth to start the year. It sounds like some marine retailers are kind of seeing some positive trends in April, though sales are probably going to be down for the year. But now you have like the New York Tri-state area kind of reopening marinas and boating arguably kind of suit social distancing. So usage, I assume, would be fine, possibly benefiting some accessory upgrades. Just want to get a sense for what you're seeing from your customers? And how much - how the month of April is evolving? And anything you want to call out on the marine side?
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I would say that it's a mixed situation for marine. Depending on the locale and the retailer, some retailers are doing very well and some have had to operate under more restrictive circumstances even closing their stores. So this has hindered the access to marine products. And generally, we've seen very strong end-user demand for the products. Some of our top products, even on our own website, are our marine products, which is somewhat counterintuitive because they're more complex and require installation, but people are buying those. So again, it's kind of a mixed bag. We would expect things to get better, as you say, as states open up for boating. Michigan has been a big one. You mentioned New York. That's also been a big one. We hope that boats can come out of storage soon. And we are hearing from the field that customers are excited about equipping their boats and getting them on the water. In terms of the opportunity going forward, we're very optimistic about marine. It's a great market. I think a crisis like this when people are evaluating priorities, they tend to turn to things that inspire them, and I think boating and fishing is one of those things that we'll see a benefit in the future from people's evaluation of their priorities.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth from Tigress Financial Partners.
Ivan Feinseth: Again, congratulations on another great quarter and really nicely managing the company during this difficult and crazy time.
Clifton Pemble: Thanks, Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth: My first question is Doug had spoken about CapEx, but something cut out on my phone. You said that investing in expanding the Tacx manufacturing. And then you said one other thing, it sounded like auto something. So what are the two big CapEx projects?
Douglas Boessen: Yes, Ivan. What it relates to is the Tacx facility. So when we acquired Tacx facility, we basically, at that point in time, made a decision to expand its manufacturing facility because of the increased demand we saw there. So we're in the process of actually building a brand-new manufacturing facility at Tacx to handle the increased demand there. And the second one relates to auto OEM manufacturing. So with that, expanding with some of the additional programs we have, we're actually standing up a manufacturing facility in Europe.
Ivan Feinseth: Okay. Then I think one of the things that when things go back to normal from my interaction and talking with people, I think the in-home fitness trend is going to be powerful. While people are - seem to be willing to go to restaurants, theaters, all kinds of other venues that are crowded, the one thing is people seem to be reluctant to go back to the gym and are more interested in in-home fitness. So I think that's going to be a huge opportunity. How do you view addressing that opportunity further?
Clifton Pemble: Well, that's what we're seeing, Ivan, and the back orders on our Tacx products are very strong. We've not been able to supply all of the demand that we're seeing there. So we're working hard, as Doug said, to increase our capacity and hopefully then be able to get ahead of the demand curve that's occurring. We expect that there will be - people talk about a second cycling season, if you will, or indoor cycling season as people are more interested in staying indoors for a while, and we expect strong sales to continue. And then, of course, as our factory comes online, we'll be able to deliver more volume.
Ivan Feinseth: Then one of the other things I noticed, which was really good that you added a lot of features and functionality to the Connect app that supported the watches with like downloadable exercise routines that you could do at home and use your watch for. And like can you give us some color on how you were able to coordinate that, especially like if people who normally were in the office and kind of collaborating together and working from home because they did a nice job to increase the features during the time.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. We've had the capability in our devices to be able to put custom workouts and even provide instruction on the device as some of the newer devices that are out there. And our Connect IQ platform has been a solid investment for us to be able to expand the interest that people have in the product through third-party apps and our own apps that can expand utility. So our teams have been able to be very agile in rolling new things out, and it's helped create more engagement and interest in our products, which we're really thrilled about.
Ivan Feinseth: And I have one last question. I know it's a hard question to answer. But as this increased interest in home fitness grows, there's a lot of small companies that have interesting products that could benefit from, let's say, your expertise. Are you looking at growing through acquisition in that area further the way you did with acquiring Tacx?
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think Tacx is a great example, and we did see the opportunity for that, and that's where we put a big bet in terms of expanding into a new category. I would say, generally, our MO for acquisitions is that we look for things that are either a complementary product or a technology, enabling technology that can help us expand into new product categories. And so that's what we'll continue to do, not speaking specifically about fitness, but really across the board.
Ivan Feinseth: Thanks, and congratulations again, and I look - everybody stays safe and well. And I look forward to, hopefully, a different environment on the next call.
Clifton Pemble: Thanks, Ivan. Same.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: So just curious if you could provide some color on just what you're seeing? Obviously, you spoke to sell-through in the outdoor and fitness segments. But obviously, your results kind of bucked the trend that we've seen or heard with other consumer names. So just any high-level color on how coronavirus has had an impact? And then perhaps asking that question a little bit of a different way. How far in advance do your channel partners typically purchase inventory? And is that changing in the current environment? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So we saw strength in our business through most of the first quarter, remarkably strong really through most of about mid-March, and then things started to come down as the panic over the crisis quickly spread into Western Europe and North America. So we were super strong. We believe that's encouraging because, again, our product lines are very strong, and our business in general had a lot of momentum. In terms of retailer behavior, even when times are good, they don't try to over index on inventory. I think they're very cautious. They have a certain amount of open-to-buy dollars. So it isn't as if they had stocked up with a significant amount of inventory. I would say it was fairly manageable inventory levels. And as their businesses have scaled back as they respond to the crisis, we believe that the inventories are depleting.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That's super helpful. And then can you just provide some commentary on what you're hearing from your OEM partners in the aviation market? If you look back to '08, '09, obviously, those markets were - that market was very weak. So just curious how they're viewing the current crisis relative to a little over a decade ago.
Clifton Pemble: I think for aviation, probably the situation is very similar to '08, '09, a significant economic downturn and loss of confidence, particularly in the business sector. So generally, I think they're very concerned and some of the more public things that have been announced, you see some OEMs that have done some furloughs and different things like that, and they're trying to scale their production to demand. But again, that said, I feel like the longer term is that general aviation has a bright future. Even now, many communities are actually losing their commercial airline service as airliners scale back. And so the only options for getting certain kinds of transportation is through general aviation. And we think because of the security, the safety, the convenience and flexibility of general aviation that it can play a big role in the future in the kind of concern over viral spread.
Erik Woodring: Super. Thank you. And then just last question, just a clarification question. Did you say earlier that you still expect your auto OEM business to grow in 2020? Just want to clarify that point, and then I'm done.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think it will be towards the back half as newer products launch from the OEMs. And of course, their schedules are more in doubt as well as they face supply chain issues and also demand issues. But in general, all of the indications we have is that these new products are launching as they planned.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from the line of Nick Todorov from Longbow Research.
Nikolay Todorov: You mentioned an inability to meet fully the current Tacx demand. Can you try to quantify that? And also remind us when the new capacity is expected to come online?
Clifton Pemble: Well, it's hard to quantify because we haven't found where the demand is. It's been so strong. So we're chasing as much of that as we can and trying to serve our customers the best that we can. The new factory is scheduled to come online about midyear and should start to ramp up into the fall as we prepare for the next indoor cycling season that occurs next winter.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. And then you mentioned that channel inventories are depleted. And I'm assuming that in fitness, the trends are strongest among all the segments. Yet how do we - can you provide any additional colors other than just April orders are down 40%? How much are orders for fitness segment trending year-over-year if you can share?
Clifton Pemble: Fitness and outdoor have been above that trend. And again, these, to clarify, are sell-in trends. So the sell-out is - everything is a case-by-case basis. But in those regions and countries where restrictions allow, we see strong registration activity on our Garmin Connect platform. And in places where restrictions are very tight, of course, you see a very predictable downturn in what's going on. So we're optimistic that as restrictions ease that things should get better.
Nikolay Todorov: Are those restrictions kind of implying more of a flattish environment or year-over-year growth in sell-through? Or how should we think about this?
Clifton Pemble: Well, every country, every region has a case-by-case situation to look at. If you look at the countries with the strongest restrictions, such as Italy, Spain and France, sell-out is very confined there. And some of the cases in those countries, you need permission to even go out of your house. In other places, such as the Nordics, which have been - taken a different approach to how they manage the crisis, the sell-out is very strong and actually in strong growth mode over the last year. So it's a mixed situation. And everything that we're seeing points to the fact that the restrictions on people is impacting the sales more than anything right now.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. And last question for me. The Marine segment, can you compare and contrast? Obviously, it's a much different business and your overexposure to aftermarket helps you here. But compare and contrast that to the '09 period, where it kind of took 2 years for the segment to reach the '08 peak. It seems like this cycle is going to perform much better. But what specifically gives you confidence and allows you to be more positive on the marine segment here, given it's still a discretionary spending, and it's - they're rather high-priced products?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So there's a few things that are different this time. In '08 and '09, the production capacity was so high that when the pullback occurred, there was simply no way to sustain that kind of production capacity in marine products. And so the marine market, especially the OEMs, felt a significant impact from the reduction in demand. There was also a lot of crazy financing going on with boats. And so the overall financial situation of people buying boats and the financers that were financing the boats was very, very precarious. Rolling forward to where we are today, the boat market has slowly recovered from those lows. And so it hasn't overbuilt in the same way that it was back in '08 and '09. And the kinds of products that are being offered are in the bell curve of where demand still exists, tends to be in those mid-range center console type of boats that still remain popular. And many of our OEM partners that are shut down right now are very anxious to go back to work because they have customers that want their boats, that have ordered them and are anxious to get them. So we're optimistic about that. We don't think it's the same situation. But I would also say that anytime there's economic shocks, that will take a certain number of customers out of the market. So there's bound to be some impact, but we hope it's not as bad as what it was before.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Just one last question here. I was just wondering if you could detail kind of on the - in the fitness and outdoor segments, what the contribution to growth was from units versus pricing?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. We don't break out just in terms of ASP and units versus pricing. But we're seeing in the Q1 growth in boat as we've had newer product lines in fitness and also our new product lines in outdoor, especially in the Phoenix area.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Teri Seck for any further remarks.
Teri Seck: Thank you all for joining us today. Doug and I are available for callbacks, and we hope you all stay safe and healthy. Bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-19 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Teri Seck, Manager of Investor Relations. 
Teri Seck: Good morning, everyone. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd. Fourth Quarter of 2019 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcripts will also be available on our website.  This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, growth and operating margins and future dividends, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of the risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, we finished 2019 strong, with revenue for the quarter increasing 18% over the prior year to $1.1 billion. Fitness, aviation, marine and outdoor collectively increased 24% over the prior year.  Gross margin was 58% compared to 58.9% during the prior year. Operating margin improved to 25.1%, and operating income increased 24% over the prior year. These results generated GAAP EPS of $1.89 and pro forma EPS of $1.29 in the quarter, an increase of 26%.  Looking briefly at our full year performance. 2019 was a remarkable year of accomplishments. Revenue increased 12% to over $3.7 billion, representing a new record for Garmin. Combined revenue from fitness, aviation, marine and outdoor increased 18%. Gross margin improved to 59.5%. Operating margin improved to 25.2%, and operating income increased 21% to $946 million, another record achievement. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $4.99 and pro forma EPS of $4.45, an increase of 21% over the prior year.  In light of these strong results, at our upcoming annual meeting, we'll be asking shareholders to approve an annual dividend of $2.44 a share, representing a 7% increase. Doug will discuss financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first, I'd like to highlight some achievements from the past year and our outlook in each of our 5 business segments.  2019 was an outstanding year for our fitness segment, with each product category performing well. During the year, we launched sweeping updates to our running, wellness and cycling product lines, and these products were strong contributors in the final quarter of the year. In addition, our recent acquisition of Tacx brought new revenue to the segment and expanded our ability to serve cycling customers indoors and outdoors all year long.  For the year, revenue from fitness increased 22%, exceeding the $1 billion threshold for the first time. Gross and operating margins were 51% and 18%, respectively, and operating income increased 6% over prior year. In 2020, we plan to build on this momentum by launching new feature-rich products while also expanding the distribution of Tacx products. As a result, we anticipate revenue from the fitness segment will increase approximately 10% for the year.  2019 was an extraordinary year for our aviation segment. ADS-B was a significant contributor to growth, but on a combined basis, other categories contributed even more. We experienced growth in aftermarket systems as customers recognize the strong value proposition of modern cockpit electronics. We also experienced growth in OEM systems driven by popular new aircraft and from increasing demand for trainer aircraft. For the year, revenue from aviation increased 22%. Gross and operating margins were 74% and 34%, respectively, and operating income increased 24% over the prior year. For 2020, we anticipate that revenue for aviation will be comparable to that of 2019 as growth in aftermarket systems is offset by declining ADS-B revenues.  Trends in the broader OEM market should be in line with those of 2019. We anticipate that the early part of the year will be the strongest driven by residual ADS-B demand, followed by a weaker back half as we move past the inevitable peak of the ADS-B cycle. We are focused on opportunities that lie ahead, and we are confident in the long-term growth prospects for our aviation business. Our marine segment delivered another year of impressive results, and market growth and market share gains boosted our performance. From time to time, we've highlighted our HALO products and technologies, achievements that speak for themselves and cast a positive glow across the entire Garmin brand. Our Panoptix LiveScope sonar system is one example that is generating excitement and strong sales across a broad range of products. We also introduced our first electric trolling motor, which is a new product category for us and bring game-changing new features to the market.  For the year, revenue from marine increased 15%, exceeding the $500 million threshold for the first time. Gross and operating margins improved to 60% and 22%, respectively, and operating income increased 73%. Looking forward, interest in our products remained very strong, entering the 2020 boating season. In addition, our market share in the OEM category will grow as some of the most respected boat brands adopt our products as standard equipment on their 2020 models. With this in mind, we anticipate revenue from the marine segment will increase approximately 10% for the year.  Outdoor delivered another strong year of product achievements and revenue growth. During the year, we launched the MARQ luxury watch series, and we completely refreshed the fenix adventure watch series. We also introduced versions of the fenix with passive solar recharging technology, which has resonated positively with the market.  For the year, revenue from outdoor increased 13%. Gross and operating margins were 65% and 36%, respectively, and operating income increased 15% over the prior year. Looking ahead, we believe that the adventure watch category will continue to grow driven by further innovation in new utility. We also believe that inReach will continue to grow as more people appreciate the convenience and life-saving potential of two way remote communication. With these things in mind, we anticipate revenue from the outdoor segment will increase approximately 10% for the year. Our auto segment also delivered many strong achievements in 2019. We integrated the Alexa digital assistant into our PND product line, and we entered a new product category with the launch of the Overlander navigation device.  At the recent Consumer Electronics Show, we announced the new Dash Cam Tandem that captures quality video both inside and outside the vehicle, regardless of lighting conditions. During the year, we also secured a significant backlog of new business as a Tier 1 supplier to the world's most respected automakers.  For the year, revenue from auto decreased 14%. Gross and operating margins improved to 47% and 10%, respectively, and operating income increased 50% over the prior year. Looking ahead, we believe that the negative trends in auto will moderate as contributions from specialty categories increase and as previously announced OEM programs contribute in the back half of the year.  2020 will also be a year of accelerated investment to support recently awarded programs. We are equipping our manufacturing facility in Olathe for auto OEM production. We are opening a new manufacturing facility in Europe that will be dedicated to auto OEM production. We also plan to hire additional resources in engineering and operations to support these complex, intensive development programs. With these things in mind, we anticipate that revenue from the auto segment will decrease 5% for the year.  In summary, we are excited about the opportunities we see in every business segment. For 2020, we anticipate consolidated revenue will reach approximately $4 billion, up 6% year-over-year as growth in fitness, outdoor and marine more than offset a slight decline in the auto segment. We anticipate that revenue in aviation will be comparable to that of 2019.  We anticipate gross margin of approximately 59.2% and operating margin of approximately 23.5%, reflecting our plans for an increased level of investment to support long-term growth initiatives. We anticipate a full year pro forma effective tax rate of approximately 10%, resulting in a pro forma earnings per share of approximately $4.60.  Our estimated tax rate will be favorably impacted by an intercompany transaction to migrate the ownership of a consumer intellectual property from Switzerland to the United States over the next several years. Doug will be providing more details on this in a few moments.  So that concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results and outlook. Doug?
Douglas Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. Let's begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full year financial results and give comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue over $1.1 billion for the fourth quarter, representing 18% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58%, a 90 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 32.9%, 210 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $277 million, a 24% increase from the prior year. Operating margin was 25.1%, 120 basis point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $1.89, and pro forma EPS was $1.29, a 26% increase from the prior year.  Looking at the full year results, we posted revenue of over $3.7 billion, representing a 12% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 59.5%, 40 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 34.3%, 160 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $946 million, a 21% increase over the prior year. Operating margin was 25.2%, increase of 190 basis points from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $4.99. Pro forma EPS was $4.45, a 21% increase from prior year.  Next, look at fourth quarter and full year revenue by segment. During the fourth quarter, we achieved strong double-digit growth in 4 of our 5 segments led by fitness segment at 34% growth, followed by the aviation and marine segments with growth of 22% and outdoor with growth of 16%. For the full year 2019, we achieved 12% consolidated growth, double-digit growth in 4 of our 5 segments.  Looking next to fourth quarter revenue and operating income. On a combined basis, the fitness, aviation, marine and outdoor segments contributed 89% of total revenue in the fourth quarter 2019 compared to 84% in the prior year quarter. Fitness grew from 30% to 34%. Aviation grew from 17% to 18%.  Let's see these charts to illustrate our profit mix by segment. Fitness, aviation, marine and outdoor segments collectively delivered 99% of operating income in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to 97% in the fourth quarter of 2018. All segments besides the auto segment had year-over-year increases in operating income dollars.  Looking next to full year charts. For the full year, fitness, aviation, marine and outdoor segments made up 85% of total revenue compared to 81% in 2018. All segments had year-over-year increases in operating income dollars.  Looking next to operating expenses. Fourth quarter operating expenses increased by $36 million or 11%. Research and development increased $17 million year-over-year due to investments in engineering resources, incremental costs associated with recent acquisitions.  Our advertising expense increased approximately $8 million from the prior year quarter due to higher fitness and outdoor expenses, represented 5.7% of sales, 20 basis point decrease compared to prior year. SG&A increased $12 million compared to prior year quarter but decreased as a percentage of sales to 12.5%, 100 basis point decrease compared to prior year. Increase was primarily due to personnel-related expenses, incremental costs associated with the recent acquisitions.  A few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and dividend payments. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of $2.6 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially year-over-year to $707 million due to strong sales in the holiday quarter. Inventory balance increased year-over-year to $753 million. Increase is due to our strategy to increase data supply to support our increasingly diversified product lines and the acquisition of Tacx.  During the fourth quarter 2019, we generated free cash flow of $208 million. For the full year 2019, we generated free cash flow of approximately $581 million, $183 million decrease from the prior year due to increased working capital needs.  For 2020, we expect free cash flow to be approximately $750 million, approximately $225 million of capital expenditures. We announced our plans to seek shareholder approval for an increase in our dividend beginning with the June 2020 payment. Proposal, the cash dividend of $2.44 per share or $0.61 per share per quarter, it's a 7% increase from the current quarterly dividend of $0.57 per share.  For full year 2019, we reported income tax expense of $35 million, which includes an income tax benefit of $118 million due to revaluation and step-up of certain Switzerland deferred tax assets as a result of the Switzerland tax reform. Excluding the $118 million income tax benefit, the full year 2019 pro forma effective tax rate was 15.5%, 20 basis point decrease from the prior year.  The fiscal year 2020 forma effective tax rate is expected to decrease 10%, primarily due to the migration of intellectual property ownership from Switzerland to United States. Taking into consideration the recent major tax reform in Switzerland and United States, the migration maintained an efficient tax structure and responds to the changing global tax landscape. Migration includes an intercompany license agreement that shifts intellectual property ownership for our consumer products from Switzerland to United States through royalty payments. This results in a favorable shift of income by jurisdiction, reduces our level expense related to uncertain tax positions. And at the multiyear license agreement, higher percentage of income were recognized in the United States, which concludes our formal remarks.  Mike, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Crédit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn: Cliff, I wanted to dig into aviation just a little bit here. And now that you -- I think you're through some of the tough compare with your guide for '20, but how do we think about the relative size of ADS-B in '19 versus '20? That's the first question. And then the second question, we've been getting a lot of from investors as to what extent was ADS-B driving associated retrofit activity when aircraft were in the shop for the mandate upgrade. And is -- how do you contemplate any fade in those associated revenues looking forward?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So as we exited the year, there were approximately 118,000 airplanes that had been equipped out of a total park, if you will, of about 160,000. So ideally, that would mean there's something over 40,000 aircraft that could be left to equip. We don't think that all of those will be. Some of those are probably airplanes that maybe aren't in the best shape and might be scrapped, so there's going to be some fallout from those, for sure.  We expect that most of the activity would take place in Q1 and some in Q2. And then the activity would tend to go down in Q3 and Q4. In terms of the retrofit activity, while it's true that ADS-B probably prompted people to come in and look at other things as we got towards the end of the mandate, particularly most of '19, I would say, shop capacity has been a real issue. So as a result, people may not have been able to do everything that they wanted to.  And meanwhile, we've been introducing a lot of great new products, and these are generating a lot of interest. So we would expect that people will come back and do more. And the reality is that not everybody wants to put down the big bill for all of their retrofit needs at one time, too. So they may shop and continue to watch and then do more later. So we're optimistic about the retrofit market. We think that it still has a lot of room to grow.
Robert Spingarn: So if there's -- reflecting back on what you just said, if Q1 and Q2 see a little bit of ADS-B activity and probably a lower rate than the quarters of 2019, is it fair to say that you're anticipating a decline of something like, I don't know, let's call it, 60% or so, maybe a little more?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. We don't have guidance specific on that. I would tell you that ADS-B is not a market that goes to 0 because transponders need to be replaced. There's new features, new products that are introduced. So there will always be an underlying market for ADS-B out there. And of course, new airplanes always need ADS-B. So there will be a run rate of ADS-B going forward.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just -- I wanted to ask you if -- to what extent you've factored coronavirus into the guide? And that's it for me.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So coronavirus, I think it's still an emerging situation, and the cases seem to be peaking, but we're watching that. I would say it's also early in the year, so we don't -- even if there's some short-term impact, we feel like there's a lot of room to make up for that. So far, our impact has been minimal, and our safety stock situation has helped us there. If the outbreak continues to go on, then, of course, that would change the game for us and a lot of other people. But for now, we're optimistic that things are coming back online. Our suppliers seem to be coming back although, obviously, there's a ramp-up period that we're managing through all of it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Charles Anderson from Dougherty & Company.
Charles Anderson: Congrats on stellar 2019. I want to start with automotive. A few things. I think number one, Q4 was a little bit lower operating income, looks like higher R&D. Was that just the start-up ahead of the BMW? I was curious there.  And then you did make some comments in your prepared remarks, Cliff, about production in the U.S. and then in Europe. I know you talked about the Ford deal recently, but I wonder if there are any others to highlight that drives putting those facilities together. And then lastly, on automotive. I know PND has kind of continued probably to be a headwind. I'm assuming we're not basing there. So maybe just kind of curious what you're embedding in the guidance in terms of the rate of decline in the PND business.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So in terms of the lower operating income in Q4, there was a mix of some onetime items there as well as increased R&D associated with noncapitalized projects. So both of those kind of came together to generally lower the overall auto operating income. The PND side is very profitable. And so that's something we're not as worried about. We do see that the market will continue to decline in 2020, although at a moderated pace as specialty products become a bigger part of the mix. And we also see a shift in terms of buying behaviors to the more advanced products that we offer. So that's all good news in our view. In terms of the production plan in the U.S., we're equipping our factory here to be able to supply the BMW program that we won a few years back for North American production. And then the European investment is for the most recent BMW win that will supply the European factories for BMW.
Charles Anderson: Okay. Perfect. And then for my follow-up, with the change that you made that influences the tax rate, I'm just sort of curious how that impacts where cash is accessible to corporate -- for corporate purposes. I wonder if you could just sort of update us on kind of where everything stands, in terms of where cash isn't accessible, and if there's any change there.
Douglas Boessen: Sure. Well, thanks, Charlie. So as it relates to where the cash is, it does not change that. So let me give you a little bit of a little more detail or color on the transaction that we went through. So this relates to intercompany license agreement between Switzerland and the United States. And so the situation is that United States is going to be paying a royalty payment to Switzerland for the use of certain consumer IP we have in Switzerland. So as a result of that, that lowers the amount of income recognized in the United States, increases it in Switzerland. And so as result of that, that gives us a favorable income mix by jurisdiction during that license period. So during the license period, the situation is that a higher percentage of the income will be going to the U.S.
Operator: Your next question comes from Nick Todorov from Longbow Research.
Nikolay Todorov: Congrats on great 2019 results.
Clifton Pemble: Thanks, Nick.
Nikolay Todorov: Cliff, you talked about expanding distribution of tax in 2020. And I think you're also having some additional capacity coming up online for tax specifically in 2020. In your view, can you give us some sense on how should we think about overall fitness gross margin in 2020? We see that fourth quarter gross margin dipped below 50% for the first time, I believe, since 2010 or before. So can you give us some color how should we think about that?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So the fitness gross margin, that is influenced by product mix. And in the fourth quarter, we had a lot of products that were sold, obviously, for the holiday season, particularly promotional. Products and tax itself is a product line, as we've said before, that is slightly dilutive to the overall gross margins of the segment. And so just under 50% was obviously a result of all of that mix. We would expect that to go up and down as the year progresses depending on the seasonality and the kind of products that we offer. And generally, we're targeting around a 50% gross margin for the segment. And mid- to high-teens operating margin for the segment.
Nikolay Todorov: Okay. Got it. And Doug, I believe you said our CapEx for 2020 is expected to be around $225 million, if I'm not mistaken. That's about 2x an increase. Am I assuming correctly, that's mostly coming from investments on the auto side and facilities and so forth? Or there is something else to that?
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So let me give you -- yes, it is at an elevated level compared to 2019. So yes, 2020 will be an investment year for us as it relates to CapEx and probably going into 2021. So what's driving that is exactly what Cliff mentioned. We're making some investments relating to our auto OEM business. So we are equipping our facility here in Olathe to handle OEM. Also, we'll be opening a European facility, manufacturing facility for OEM. Also, we are building a new manufacturing facility for Tacx in Netherlands for that acquisition.  Another piece relates to our overall Olathe facility expansion. If you remember, we built a new facility for our manufacturing as well as our distribution. We're complete with that. What we're doing now is actually renovating our previous manufacturing and operation facility there. We're renovating that to increase our work space because of increased headcount to support our R&D expansion as well as innovation, the big drivers we have.
Nikolay Todorov: Yes, I see. And last one for me. The implied guidance assumes about 100 basis points of increase in operating expenses as a percent of sales, Doug. Can you give us some color? Is it mostly coming up from higher R&D expenses? Or is it across the board?
Douglas Boessen: Yes, sure. So as it relates to 2020 operating expense, to give you a little bit a flavor of that by category. First, on advertising. For advertising, a percentage of sales, we would expect our advertising to be relatively consistent year-over-year. We'll probably spend more advertising dollars, but we try to keep that in line with our sales growth.  As it relates to R&D, yes, there will be increased R&D as a percentage of sales year-over-year. We expect that to probably be up maybe about 100 basis points. And then as it relates to SG&A as a percentage of sales, we expect that to be up about 50 basis points or so. So what's really driving that increased operating expenses really is to support our increased revenue growth, so one of which is the situation that we talked about for OEM business. So we're making some investments there. It occur -- increased R&D operations as well as IT for different systems there.  From an R&D front, overall, we'll continue to invest in R&D to make sure that we have innovation in our products. And lastly, I would say is that there is some full year impact to some acquisitions, most notably Tacx that we did in 2019, and we'll have the full year impact of those items. So all of the expense items as well as the CapEx we talked about is really to support our increased top line growth into revenue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Will Power from Baird.
Charles Erlikh: This is Charlie Erlikh on for Will. I wanted to ask about the fitness segment and the strength in the quarter. Could you talk a little more about what specifically drove that strength? And it's been a real standout in 2019, it looks like you're expecting another strong year in fitness next year. So how have you been able to successfully navigate the competitive environment where Apple continues to do really well as well?
Clifton Pemble: I think for us, the strength, Charlie, for the year and also for the quarter was really around new products, our new Venu, vívoactive 4 product lines are very popular as well as the new running product lines that we introduced last year. We completely refreshed all of those product lines, so they did very well. And then separately, we got very promotional with some of the previous generation products, which drove a lot of sales activity in the holiday quarter.  In terms of just drivers around the competitive landscape, I would say that we feel like the landscape has generally narrowed a lot. Of course, Apple is a big one out there just in terms of total wearables market share. We believe that we differentiate from Apple and others with our products that are built specifically for active lifestyles. And we focus on all-day, 24/7, wearability, long battery life and the ability to track detailed health metrics. So we're very focused on those categories, and we believe we're doing very well with our space.
Charles Erlikh: Great. Yes. No, that makes sense. And congrats on surpassing $1 billion in revenue. That's quite an accomplishment.
Clifton Pemble: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley.
Erik Woodring: Just a quick procedural question here. As I think about the tax rate going forward, should we think about 10% as somewhat the normalized tax rate as this license is intact beyond 2020 basically into 2021 and out? Or how should we think about that beyond 2020? And I have a follow-up.
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So as it relates to our tax rate, we do not give any detailed guidance beyond the current year. So there's a number of things that really impact that tax rate, all the way from the amount of income we have, the income by segment, income by country, reserve releases as such. But while -- from a high-level perspective is while we have the license agreement in that place, we will see that favorable income mix by jurisdiction. Then when we no longer have a license agreement at that point in time, we'll have a higher percentage of our income going to U.S. So that's directionally what it is. But like I said, there's a lot of puts and takes in that tax rate, but it's something that we looked at to make sure that we do maintain as efficient of a tax structure as possible.
Erik Woodring: Perfect. That's super helpful. And then, I guess, if I just think about the auto's business, I guess, what your guidance would imply and your commentary would imply that you're going to see more of a mix shift towards the OEM business away from the business in 2020. And so I guess what I'm trying to get at is, is this mix shift a tailwind to gross margins? A headwind to gross margins? Just would love to hear kind of the puts and takes as you think about auto gross margins in 2020.
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So as it relates to gross margins, you're correct. In the auto segment as a total, OEM will be a higher percentage of the total. So that will be a situation where auto OEM gross margins are lower than the PND. So that will be something that will impact and decline the total auto gross margin in 2020.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Chung from JPMorgan.
Paul Chung: So as we think about free cash flow for 2020, you had kind of a working cap drag in '19, and part of that was from Tacx. But how should we think about '20 working cap dynamics? And then what is your kind of free cash flow guide for the year? Should we expect kind of like a bounce back in conversion this year? And then as you think about seasonality for the business, you have some aviation flow-through in first half and then a pickup in the second half in auto OEMS, so a lot of moving pieces. But how should we think about kind of seasonal patterns from last year -- relative to last year and prior years? Or anything you want to call out. And then I have a follow-up.
Douglas Boessen: Yes, sure. So as it relates to free cash flow for 2020, you're correct. First, we'll start with 2019. So yes, 2019, we did have some significant capital -- working capital needs, primarily in inventory area. That situation, as previously talked about, for 2019, we basically made a strategy to increase our days of supply, to increase our safety stock because of Tacx, mitigate Brexit, all those type of things as well as we had increased AR just because of the increase in our sales year-over-year.  Now turning to page to 2020. We expect our free cash flow to bounce back. Our current estimates for free cash flow for 2020 are about $750 million. So with that, we're not anticipating to have the same type of year-over-year working capital needs that we had in 2019 and 2020.  I should say, as it relates to inventory, we would expect inventory -- year-end inventory 2020 to increase from 2019 levels, but probably more in line with what the sales increase, not the type of a step function that we have. So we'll get some benefit in 2020 relating to that situation I have in working cap.  As it relates to how it falls out through the year, the situation is we were building inventory throughout the year. So there'll probably be a situation where we may have -- a situation where we have inventory year-over-year higher than just the level of sales as we get through the year in the first few quarters. But by the end of the year, hopefully, it will be in line with that as we go forward.  But then also, CapEx plays into that also. That's partially offsetting that to increased CapEx we have, which we previously talked about. So to go back to it, we're making some increased investments in there for building us for the revenue for the future.
Paul Chung: Got you. And then your kind of seasonality of top line, if you could follow-up on that. And then also the increase in OpEx, is that going to be pretty measured throughout the year?
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So as it relates to the top line, I'll give you some real high-level points on that. I think Cliff alluded to the situation in auto, the back half of the year, you'll see some of that increase relating to OEM. Also, I should mention, in the fitness side of our business related to the acquisition of Tacx. So Tacx was acquisitioned, that was first -- or the second quarter, so we'll get some benefit in Q1 relating to that. So that will kind of be the seasonality related to revenue. And then as it relates to OpEx, I said that will be something where we started to basically build some of those operating expenses here in Q4 moving into 2020. So that will be something that we'll see that build throughout the year.
Paul Chung: Okay. And then last question on Tacx. What was the contribution in the quarter? And then as we lap it in 2Q, how should we think about the kind of growth in the second half in fitness for 2020? How much of that growth are you kind of baking in for expanding your distribution efforts for Tacx?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So the majority of the growth that we saw in fitness was organic. Tacx was less than half of the growth that we saw. And of course, we have 1 quarter in 2020 that we're basically comping until we comp against the acquisition of Tacx. So going forward then, the outlook would be for all organic growth, Tacx contributing to the expanded distribution and then, of course, we anticipate a strong year for our wearable products as we had in 2019.
Operator: I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to Teri Seck.
Teri Seck: Thanks, everyone. As always, Doug and I are available for calls throughout the day. We hope you have a wonderful day. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Garmin Limited Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers’ presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today Teri Seck, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited’s third quarter 2019 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross and operating margins, and future dividends, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially, as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Teri and good morning, everyone. Earlier today, Garmin reported another strong quarter of revenue growth up 15% to $934 million. Aviation, fitness, outdoor and marine collectively increased 24% and contributed 85% of total revenues. Gross margin improved to 60.7%. Revenue growth and expanding margins resulted in significant operating leverage in the business. Operating income increased 33% year-over-year to $261 million and operating margin expanded to 28%. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $1.19 and pro forma EPS of $1.27 in the quarter. We are pleased with our performance in the first three quarters of 2019 and these strong results give us confidence to raise our full year guidance, which I'll explain in a moment. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes. But first I'd like to provide a few brief remarks on the performance of our business segments. Starting with the Aviation segment. Revenue increased 28% driven by growth in both OEM and aftermarket systems. Gross and operating margins remained strong at 74% and 35%, respectively resulting in operating income growth of 30% over the prior year. Growth in OEM systems was driven primarily by the recent certification of a Citation Longitude featuring our G5000 integrated flight deck. However, the strength was broad-based as other aircraft platforms also contributed to the growth. Growth in aftermarket systems was driven by strong ADS-B sales and the recently certified G5000 integrated flight deck with the Citation XL and XLS. During the quarter the G1000H NXi was certified in the Bell 407GXi helicopter representing the first IFR certification for this advanced helicopter flight deck. I'd like to highlight this morning's Autoland announcement. This new safety technology is designed to return an aircraft and its passengers safely to the ground in the event a pilot is unable to do so. We believe Autoland is a disruptive new technology that will change the way people think about safety in general aviation aircraft. Autoland will soon be available as part of the G3000 integrated flight deck on the Cirrus Vision Jet and the Piper M600 pending final FAA certification. Turning next to the fitness segment. Revenue increased 28% primarily driven by growth in wearables and contributions from Tacx. Gross and operating margins were 52% and 20%, respectively resulting in operating income growth of 33% over the prior year. At IFA, which is Europe's leading consumer electronics trade show we now a sweeping update to our line of consumer wearable products including new versions of the vívoactive series in two sizes, the vÍvomove 3 hybrid smartwatch series and the all-new Venu smartwatch featuring a brilliant AMOLED color touchscreen display, comprehensive health and fitness features and long battery life. We also announced the Tacx NEO 2T smart trainer featuring enhanced drive design and performance analytics to simulate an outdoor ride as realistically and quietly as possible. Turning next to the outdoor segment. Revenue increased 23% on a year-over-year basis with growth in multiple product categories led by adventure smartwatches. Gross and operating margins improved year-over-year to 66% and 41% respectively resulting in strong operating income growth for the segment. At the recent UTMB trail running event, we launched the fenix six adventure smartwatch series with larger displays and innovative performance features. We also introduced the fenix 6X Pro Solar, the first of its kind with our exclusive solar harvesting technology. We have often mentioned that inReach technology has been a growth driver for the outdoor segment and that was definitely the case in this most recent quarter. I'm pleased to report that inReach recently passed a significant milestone facilitating over 4,000 SOS incidents, since its launch in 2011 demonstrating the crucial importance of satellite-based 2-way messaging wherever our customers need assistance. We believe inReach has room to grow in the future as more people recognize its potential to change outcomes and save lives. Turning next to the marine segment. Revenue increased 9% as we saw solid sales across multiple product categories led by chartplotters. Gross and operating margins improved year-over-year to 60% and 19% respectively resulting in strong operating income growth for the segment. During the quarter, we were named Manufacturer of the Year by the National Marine Electronics Association for the fifth consecutive year reflecting the strength of our innovative products and our leading market position. We were also named the exclusive marine electronics provider by both Regulator Marine and Sea Hunt solidifying our leadership in the premier center console boats market. Looking finally at the auto segment, revenue decreased 17% primarily driven by declines in our OEM business and the ongoing PND market contraction. Our global market share position in the PND category remains very strong. Gross and operating margins improved year-over-year to 48% and 15% respectively resulting in operating income growth of 39%. During the quarter, we began shipping the Overlander all-in-one navigation device, which is the new product category designed for the growing community of overland adventure enthusiasts. So in summary, we're very pleased with the results in the first three quarters of 2019. Given this strong performance, we're raising our projected full year revenue to approximately $3.65 billion. We're maintaining our full year gross margin at approximately 59.5% and raising our full year operating margin to approximately 24.3%. We're also updating our full year pro forma effective tax rate to approximately 16%, resulting in pro forma earnings per share of approximately $4.15. So looking quickly at guidance by segment, we've increased growth expectations for aviation to 20%, fitness to 16% and the outdoor segment to 11%. Guidance for the auto and the marine segments are unchanged. That concludes my remarks. Next Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our third quarter financial results some comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted third quarter revenue of $934 million, representing 15% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 60.7%, 130 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 32.7%, a 240 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $261 million, a 33% increase year-over-year. Operating margin was 28%, a 380 basis point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $1.19 and our pro forma EPS was $1.27, a 27% increase from the prior year. Next, we'll look at third quarter revenue by segment. We achieved record third quarter revenue of $934 million. Consolidated revenue grew 15%, led by solid double-digit growth in our aviation, fitness and outdoor segments. Also, marine segment had solid growth of 9% during the quarter. On a combined basis, aviation, fitness, outdoor and marine were up 24% compared to the prior year quarter. Looking next at third quarter revenue and operating income. On a combined basis, aviation, fitness, outdoor and marine segments contributed 85% of total revenue in third quarter 2019 compared to 80% in the prior year quarter. Aviation grew from 18% to 20%, fitness grew from 24% to 26% and outdoor grew from 26% to 28%. You can see from the chart to illustrate our profit mix by segment. Combined basis, the aviation, fitness, outdoor and marine segments delivered 92% operating income in the third quarter of 2019 and 2018. All five segments had strong year-over-year increases and operating income dollars improved operating margins. Looking next at operating expenses. Our third quarter operating expenses increased by $21 million or 7%. As a percentage of sales, operating expenses were 32.7% in the third quarter of 2019, 240 basis decrease in the comparable quarter last year. Research and development increased $10 million year-over-year due to investments and engineering resources. Our advertising expense was up $2 million from the prior year quarter, due to higher outdoor and fitness expenses, partially offset by lower expenses in the auto segment. SG&A was up $10 million from the prior year quarter, but decreased as a percentage of sales. Increase was primarily due to personnel-related expenses incremental costs associated with recent acquisitions. A few highlights on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.5 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially due to seasonal trends and increased year-over-year to $558 million due to strong third quarter sales. Inventory balance increased sequentially to $750 million prepared for the seasonally strong fourth quarter. The year-over-year increase is due to timing of new products, acquisition of tax and efforts increase date of supply to support our increasingly diversified product lines. During the third quarter 2019, we generated free cash flow of $158 million. During third quarter of 2019, we report an effective tax rate of 11.6% compared to effective tax rate of 8.5% in the prior year quarter. Increase in effective tax rate is primarily due to lower income tax reserve releases in the third quarter of 2019. Also, we've updated our guidance for the full year pro forma effective tax rate to approximately 16%. This concludes our formal remarks. Olivia, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from the line of Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company. Your line is open.
Charlie Anderson: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions and my congrats on a really strong quarter and outlook. Cliff, I want to start with aviation. You mentioned some of the strength in OEM. I wonder if maybe you could just sort of speak to the pipeline of opportunity there, sort of the order book as we think about ADS-B will cycle down at some point and the ability of OEM to potentially offset some of that cycling down? And then, I've got a follow up.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. Good morning, Charlie. Yes. In terms of OEM, as reported last quarter in the GAMA results, General Aviation Manufacturers Association, there's been strength across the categories of business jets that were on, as well as strength in the piston aircraft, particularly addressing the training market. So that's driving continued momentum into Q3 and beyond. We see those opportunities as ongoing, because particularly in the training market the need for pilots is very acute and the demand for aircraft trainers is high. In terms of ADS-B and its impact, it's definitely a growth driver for us. But even absent that particular category, we saw strong growth in the business. We're gaining confidence that going forward the cockpit modernization efforts that we're seeing across the fleet and demand for new aircraft should lead to positive results for the segment.
Charlie Anderson: Great. And then, for my follow up, I think, wearables business is doing very well for you right now. I wonder if maybe you could speak to what you're seeing in terms of unit growth versus ASP increases as you moved up market here and the trajectory of continued ASP increases in the future from your standpoint? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. We're definitely seeing unit growth in the business. So the market is expanding and we're taking share as people recognize the value of our solutions and the capability of our products. We do see some ASP benefits as well as we introduce higher end products like the fenix six line with unique features as well as MARQ, so there's a positive impact there as well.
Charlie Anderson: Great. Thanks so much.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question is coming from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Spingarn: Hi. Good morning.
Cliff Pemble: Good morning.
Robert Spingarn: Really just strong numbers across-the-board and particularly on the operating margin. I wanted to ask you Doug, you talked about the various categories in your slide number 16. And while these are maybe moving around on an absolute basis, they seem to be fairly low historically on a percentage of sales basis. And I was wondering if you could talk to the trends there? R&D is a bit lower than it's been. It sounds like maybe we back end that a little bit and then the other two categories as well. How sustainable is this level of overhead?
Doug Boessen: Yes. Sure. It's great. So I'll give you a little bit of perspective on our operating structure and you said between our advertising SG&A and R&D. So thinking about it on a full year basis as a percentage of sales, what we're thinking about as it relates to advertising, we anticipate advertising as a percentage of sales to be relatively flat year-over-year. So with that, we will be spending more advertising dollars this Q4 than we did last Q4. And that's primarily a function of just having new product launches. So we will be very targeted in our advertising depending upon what those product launches are. As it relates to SG&A, thinking about SG&A full year percentage of sales anticipate that to be relatively flat year-over-year also. What we have in there is a piece of that is due to acquisitions. The other piece of it is just general a merit other type of inflational type of increases we have in SG&A. Thinking about R&D, as a full year percentage of sales, we would -- right now we look at that probably about 50 basis points lower than this year than last year. From a dollar standpoint, there will be an increase. The situation there is that we are capitalizing some of our R&D expenses. There are certain auto OEM contracts that include contractual guarantees for reimbursements of R&D expenses. So in those cases R&D expense are capitalized they're put on the balance sheet until that cash is received from our OEM receipt. And I should say the expense structure that -- depending upon what kind of different product launches we have, and kind of advertising some of that will fluctuate quarter-over-quarter. But right now, we're getting some nice leverage due to our sales also.
Robert Spingarn: I was going to ask you if you look at the non-auto R&D, are you at a point here where that decreases over time as a percentage of sales? Like you just said on scale you're at some kind of a critical mass where it doesn't have to track at this point with the growth in sales.
Doug Boessen: I really think it's a function of that top line sales we have. So here's what I would say. We'll continue to invest in R&D, as we continue to have new products over a period of time, and some of those we will invest before the products come in that situation, but we'll continue to invest appropriately to support our diversified line of products over a period of time as we go through.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just quickly Cliff for you. I wanted to ask about M&A. And I often focused on capital deployment. There's a couple of things out there. I just wondered if you could comment on them. The possibility out in the last 24 hours that Google could be looking at Fitbit, and how that might change the dynamics in the industry? And then also at the same time I think United Technologies has talked about, or maybe in some kind of a situation where it may have to sell GPS navigation business as part of its upcoming transaction with Raytheon. Can you comment on your interest in those types of properties?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we've seen the speculation obviously around Fitbit and Google. It's really hard to say what we can think about that without any kind of formal announcement and whether or not it's even a real thing. We believe that Fitbit's customer base is very different from ours and our product focus is also different. So it's not something that we believe impacts us and we're not worried about it. In terms of other opportunities, we look at every opportunity basically in terms of what it can bring to Garmin both in terms of technology or product lines. So we would evaluate any of those opportunities based on that and what we can achieve with it going forward.
Robert Spingarn: Would military be of interest since it really hasn't been a big historical focus for you?
Cliff Pemble: I think generally the military and defense is an area of interest and potential growth for us. We've been focused on adapting our off the shelf products into those opportunities rather than doing full custom bid development, kind of, work. So those are the opportunities we're mostly focused on.
Robert Spingarn: Right. Thank you both.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. Thank you, Robert.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, everyone. Appreciate you taking my question. Could we start -- within fitness and outdoor, could you walk us through a little bit where you think you are in the rollout of new products? It still looks like there's some expanded lead times. Where do you think you are in channel inventory, supply, overall tightness as far as raw materials? And then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So in terms of product introductions, we're mostly set for the remainder of the year. So we have a very strong lineup going into Q4. With any new product announcement, ramping up is always a challenge for any company. So we're in the process of doing that and that's part of the inventory situation with us as well as we build inventory to build these products and deliver them during the fourth quarter.
Ben Bollin: Second one. Looking at inventory, you continue to expand the SKU count. Is there a way to think about what is normal for inventory into the future? And then within the new product launches themselves, are there any particular pieces parts that you have not been able to source, or you're having any yield issues, anything of significance that would extend availability into next year?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So definitely we are taking a different approach to some of these markets by offering unique kinds of products, especially appealing to people who want to differentiate themselves rather than wearing the same kind of product. So that does lead to higher SKUs. It does lead to higher levels of inventory and that's something that we use as a tool in the business. We've seen some normalization of these amounts because we're focused on safety stock in the inventory and reducing risk, making sure that we can deliver the products that we want to deliver to the market especially during the selling season. So in terms of yields and things like that, I mean -- again like I mentioned as new products ramp there are initial challenges, but our factory is working very hard and the product is flowing to the market.
Ben Bollin: And the last question I have is as it relates to automotive, any update on the timing of the BMW China opportunity or the broader BMW Tier 1 status? And when does the company begin to make some of the investments either in new facilities or greater headcount as you support that big or long-term opportunity as a Tier 1 vendor? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So the China opportunity will be ramping up starting in later 2020 and into the 2021 model year. So that's what we've been preparing for in the first phase of this opportunity with BMW. In terms of making additional investments for our business that comes after that opportunity we're in that process right now. We've been hiring additional people in the automotive segment to support that business and we're in the process of selecting new sites that will produce the product especially in the European markets.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Paul Chung with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Paul Chung: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. So first off, just on aviation margins, you're seeing a nice step-up in operating margins kind of over the course of the last three years some scale benefits on ADS-B and your core business I assume. So your gross margins have been pretty steady, but if you could kind of expand on what's behind that step-up there? And do you expect that mid-30% range to stand as we look beyond fiscal year 2019? And then can you also kind of help us size the ADS-B opportunity in Europe and the runway there and your kind of expectations for overall demand next year after the deadline in the U.S.? And I have a follow-up. Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of the operating margin in aviation, we're experiencing some solid leverage in the business as the revenues have outpaced our need to grow expenses. I would say that, we would still like to hire more people, engineering people in aviation in order to be able to support ongoing opportunities that are going on there, but we're managing and it is giving us some leverage in the business. In terms of the expectations for the profit, I mean, at these kinds of investment levels and these kinds of revenues obviously we should be able to be pretty predictable in terms of our operating profit. But as the business changes we'll of course adjust and evaluate. For ADS-B, we're expecting that the opportunity will of course begin to flatten. That's inevitable as we go into the fourth quarter and into next year, but we do see spillover business into next year particularly the first half as shop capacity still remains limited so there's mostly linear output from shops right now, and there's still more aircraft that need to be equipped. There are new opportunities as you pointed out, so Europe is one of those and also Canada is evaluating their compliance as well. Both of these I would say are interesting to us. But obviously the majority of the aircraft and the opportunities have been in the U.S. based ADS-B but they'll be nice enhancers for the coming years.
Paul Chung: Okay. Thanks. And then on – second question on free cash flow. Looks like you got a bit larger-than-normal inventory drag this quarter and kind of less accounts receivable uplift than usual. You already mentioned, it's a combination of new products and tax probably ahead of seasonally strong 4Q. But just wanted to get your thoughts on free cash flow to kind of end the year should we expect slightly more outsized 4Q than usual? And do you have any estimate on where you think inventory balances will be in 4Q or is it too early days? Thank you.
Doug Boessen: Sure. As it relates to free cash flow for the full year, we would estimate our full year free cash flow to be around $575 million. That includes CapEx estimate for the full year of about $125 million. And regarding inventory, yeah, inventory is up year-over-year Q3, would expect that to be up at year-end compared to year-end last year also. We expect to probably be up around 25% year-over-year due to some of the things that Cliff mentioned just making sure that we do have ample days of supply to support diversified product lines we do have.
Paul Chung: So in that $525 million is that more of a timing of kind of working cap and you expect maybe slightly more normalization in the first half of 2020 or how should we think about that? Thank you.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. So – sorry, $575 million. So its $575 million we anticipate for the full year. So with that as it relates to working capital those are – as it relation to 2020 we'll kind of look at that and get planning cycle for that. But as inventory, we mentioned we do anticipate, there to be some level of inventory that's going to be higher on a year-over-year basis just due to having more inventory to support our ongoing business.
Paul Chung: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Nick Todorov with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nik Todorov: Good morning, guys. Congrats on great results. Really impressive. I have a couple of questions. So the implied 4Q EPS guidance looks soft which is not atypical for you guys. So is that a function of typical conservatism or is there a shift in operating expense dollars from 3Q to 4Q? I think that you talked about maybe increasing – having relatively higher advertising expenses or there's something else that drives that what looks on the front and the headline relative soft 4Q EPS.
Doug Boessen: Yes. As we mentioned, yes, the advertising we would expect those to be higher in the Q4 period of time just to new product launches and such that we'd have there.
Nick Todorov: Okay. And if we can shift gears to fitness, can you provide us some color on the gross margin there, which I was a little bit surprised given the revenue ramp up and the strength there. I understand tax is dilutive here, but is there anything else besides that affecting margins? And can you give us some color on the sell-through of the new products. And specifically, Forerunners, I noticed that they were not highlighted in your remarks and presentation. And I know those were a core part of your portfolio and relatively new here in 2019. And – yes, that's the question there on fitness.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we're preparing to be very promotional in fitness in Q4, particularly in the advanced wellness products that are more of the consumer variety that are sold through the mass market outlet, so we're prepared for that. And in terms of specifics on product lines, definitely our new products have done very well. There's a lot of interest and excitement around those. The Forerunners have been doing very well and the sell-through is meeting our expectations, so we have no concerns there.
Nick Todorov: Okay. And lastly, Doug just a follow up and clarification on the free cash flow. So it seems like you brought down the CapEx plan from $150 million to $125 million. Yet free cash flow it seems is also going down. Is the delta coming up just from higher working capital headwind?
Doug Boessen: Yes. Correct. Our working capital is what that headwind is that's causing the overall free cash flow to come down just increased inventory, as well as you will see the receivables up year-over-year. That's just a function of having higher sales but it's really a function of working capital, primarily in the inventory we talked about.
Nick Todorov: Okay. Got it. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial Partners. Your line is open.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you for taking my call and a big congratulations on another great quarter.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth: And congratulations on the launch of this new Autoland. Can you give us some idea of what the incremental cost is added to a plane?
Cliff Pemble: I think it's something that gets sold through the OEM provider. So in many cases on these more advanced aircraft that we're targeting they contain the systems that are needed to be able to do the function, particularly like auto throttle, although there are some additional control elements that are needed. But in general, that's something that will be sold through and priced on their end.
Ivan Feinseth: And is this only available as a build into a brand-new plane, or can existing planes or will eventually existing planes be able to get this upgrade?
Cliff Pemble: There is a significant amount of complexity that goes along with the system. And so building it into the aircraft at design and production of new aircraft is the best way to do that. It's technically possible to bring it into other aircraft but I think that's something we have to evaluate on a case-by-case basis.
Ivan Feinseth: And so it's available in two planes right now, right, the Piper and the Cirrus? Did you work with both or either of those two companies in the development of this?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So the Cirrus SF50 and the Piper M600 are the first two platforms. We have been working with both manufacturers to implement and certify the system. And they are in the final process of the aircraft level certification for the function and should be a feature then that they would offer in their 2020 model years.
Ivan Feinseth: And you're going to be this will be available do you have any kind of exclusive deal with these two -- you're going to be able to work with other manufacturers integrate this as well, right?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. It's definitely something that can be offered as part of our G3000 systems. And even beyond we can do the G5000 as well. But it's something that's part of our core technology offerings for Garmin.
Ivan Feinseth: All right. Congratulations again. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Ivan.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erik Woodring: Hey good morning guys. Congrats on quarter here. So I just want to get back to the aviation segment for a second. I know that in the past, we've talked about kind of this 100,000 to 150,000 aircraft runway for ADS-B upgrades. As – through the beginning of October we're kind of past that 100,000 threshold. So at the low end of this -- of the range you would imply, we're kind of through ADS-B at the high end. It implies, we could have up to five more quarters of kind of strong ADS-B growth. And obviously the implications for the model are huge because there's other retrofit work that can be done. So I'm just curious from your perspective how we should be thinking about the ADS-B runway going forward, as we kind of head into 2020 thinking obviously about the January deadline?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think, it's probably somewhere in between the two scenarios you outlined. Definitely as you pointed out, we have reached the low bar if you will on the number of aircraft that we'd equip. There's probably still an additional 25% of the fleet that remains in question in terms of what kind of equipment they would select or if they even equip or if aircrafts are retired which is also a scenario that's playing out for some kinds of aircraft. But we do think that the reality lies somewhere in between and we're planning on continued activity into the first half of 2020.
Erik Woodring: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks. And then if we just shift to kind of outdoor and fitness. Obviously, huge product launches this quarter. Just curious if you could give any color on kind of what percentage of growth was a result of the new product launches available for the last month of the quarter versus legacy products that were available for call it the entirety of the quarter?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Outdoor was probably the one that was most impacted by product announcements within the quarter with the Fenix 6, so it did have a very positive impact on the outdoor segment. In general in fitness our new products that we introduced the running products in Q2 as well as the new activity trackers in Q3 also had a positive impact on the quarter.
Erik Woodring: And is there any way that you could detail or just break out kind of one if tax is performing in line with expectations? And then two, kind of what percent of fitness tax is it still kind of contributing half of the growth this year that you expected more less? Just any color there would be great? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So tax is meeting our expectations so they're right in line with what we expected. The growth of the other categories was better than we expected. So it meant that for the quarter the majority of our growth was actually organic within the segment but still tax met its expectations.
Erik Woodring: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question is coming from the line of Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert Spingarn: Hi, just want to come back on ADS-B a little bit. And I hear what you're saying Cliff about the eventual fate that we're all trying to time. But one thing that, we learned from United Technologies earlier this earnings season was they are probably running at about 4 times to 5 times their maintenance level of sales on ADS-B. They are somewhere between $250 million and $300 million. And I think they said the normal numbers around $60 million to $70 million. I just wanted to see if you're seeing the same kind of magnitude? I understand that you're targeting to some extent smaller aircraft or much higher volumes of smaller aircraft. But is there any context you can give us regarding this? Because obviously we're all very focused on what the fate looks like in terms of quantifiable numbers?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So definitely there is difference as you pointed out in the business models between the two companies and -- so I think some of the multiplier that you mentioned could be due to that. I would say that for us again, if we subtracted the impact of the ADS-B we still had very strong growth in our aftermarket business. And I attribute that to the fact that we have got great products and some of them don't even have anything to do with ADS-B such as our autopilot systems for example and also our aftermarket cockpits for things like the Excel and the XLS. So the dynamic is a little bit different. There definitely is an argument to be made that as people are motivated to upgrade to ADS-B they're also upgrading the other equipment. And we said that before, it's difficult to quantify how much of that is interrelated. And there is quite a bit of cockpit equipment that needs modernization. Many cockpits are decades old and the equipment now that is offered in the market is compelling and allows people to upgrade their aircrafts into newer safer, more reliable equipment. So we see that dynamic continuing even when ADS-B peaks and fades.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just sticking with aviation while I'm still here, why do you get an idea how we should think about the OE side. You talked about it earlier. In earlier question you talked about the ramp, you've got the longitude here. And I think you made some positive comments about the OE side. From where we sit we see a very flattish overall OE market that is driven in some part probably for Garmin on new introductions. But overall, unit volumes are fairly flat. And I would say there's not a lot of increase in demand. But in the context of that, I wanted to get a sense of how small that business is relative for you to the overall aviation business, given how strong your aftermarket and retrofit components are? In other words, should we worry too much about the OE side if it is indeed flat?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I feel like our OEM business is actually targeting the sweet spot of where aviation is right now. The -- as I mentioned in other questions, the trainer market is something that will see continued demand for several years to come as the pilot shortage is reckoned with in the industry, and as there's significant demand for trainer aircraft to train these pilots. And then, the class of aircraft that we're on is kind of the midsized business jet on down. And so, again that's where this is kind of a sweet spot right now, particularly in this economy as these tend to be -- tend to tilt more towards owner flown or the fractional areas which has been a very strong area for us. So, we see continued opportunity in the OE side. You asked the question about how significant, is it relative to the overall segment. And as we remarked in the past, the segment is roughly split evenly between retrofit and OEM. So, OEM is definitely a strong influencer in our business, and we see opportunities going forward that will continue.
Robert Spingarn: Is there a reasonable way to split OEM into its varied components, whether it's piston versus jet along those lines or trying your aircraft versus trainers?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think if you look at the public information that's available for the industry through GAMA, they detail that out pretty well, but we have a strong market share across all of those platforms.
Robert Spingarn: So, you would track those numbers?
Cliff Pemble: We do track those numbers, yes.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. Thanks so much.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, thank you so much.
Operator: And our next question is coming from the line of Nick Todorov with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nick Todorov: Just a few follow-ups. One on auto line, it sounds like it's a product that -- it has a little bit more heavy on the software side. Is that correct, A? And if it's correct how should we think about the margin contribution to the overall aviation segment? I'm assuming that should be accretive, but are you willing to provide any color on that? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: I think in terms of margin percentage, we don't see any impact from that. We see this as an opportunity to provide additional content onto the aircraft platform which in turn leads to profit dollars. So, that's our view.
Nick Todorov: Okay. And quickly on Fenix. I know it's pretty early Cliff, but can you give us some sense on how you sell-through relative to your expectations? And specifically are you willing to talk about mix within Fenix or would suggest that you're seeing some benefit from customers mixing up and buying higher end Fenix watches. So, if you can give us any color there that would be helpful. Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. We are pleased with the sell-through and we're working very hard to deliver on the backlog that we have in that product. We are seeing people step-up to the higher end versions particularly the larger Fenix 6X and interest in 6X Pro Solar is also very strong. So, there's a lot of positives in the Fenix line that are driving our business.
Nick Todorov: Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, thank you.
Operator: And I'm not showing any further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thank you everyone. As usual Doug and I will be available for callbacks throughout the day. Have a good one. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Limited Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Teri Seck, Investor Relations Manager. You may begin.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's second quarter 2019 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcripts will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross and operating margins, and future dividends, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our product and plans and objectives, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially, as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported strong results, including record revenue and operating income for the second quarter. Consolidated revenue for the quarter came in at $955 million, up 7% over the prior year. Aviation, marine, fitness and outdoor collectively increased 12% year-over-year. Gross margin improved to 60.3%. Operating margin expanded to 26.8%. Operating income increased 18% to $256 million. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $1.17 and pro forma EPS of $1.16 in the quarter, up 17% over the prior year. We are pleased with our performance for the first half of 2019 and these strong results give us confidence to raise our full year guidance. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first I'd like to provide a few brief remarks on the performance of our business segments. Starting with the aviation segment. Revenue increased 20%, driven by growth in both aftermarket and OEM product categories. We experienced strong growth in our ADS-B product offerings. Gross and operating margins remained strong at 75% and 36% respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 27% over the prior year. During the quarter, we achieved certification of the G5000 integrated flight deck for the Citation Excel and XLS, bringing a state-of-the-art cockpit system to this popular family of aircraft. We also announced the availability of the NXi upgrade for Cessna and Beechcraft models equipped with the original G1000 system. We continue to see strong customer demand and appreciation for this upgrade program. As I mentioned earlier, ADS-B has been a significant driver of growth in our aviation business. According to the FAA, as of July 1, 2019, approximately 91,000 total aircraft have been equipped, of which approximately 7000 are commercial aircraft. Of the remaining 84,000, Garmin has captured roughly 80% market share. Based on everything we see, it is likely that the ADS-B opportunities will continue into 2020. While ADS-B has been a significant opportunity, it's not the only opportunity for the aviation segment. New OEM platforms, retrofit cockpit systems, NXi upgrades and the growing demand for trainer aircraft represent opportunities for growth beyond the ADS-B cycle. We are optimistic about the future of our aviation business. Looking next at marine. Revenue increased 13% as we experienced strong demand for our chartplotters and Panoptix LiveScope sonars. Gross and operating margins were 61% and 28% respectively, resulting in strong operating income growth. Last quarter, we mentioned that the Independent Boat Builders Incorporated named Garmin its supplier of the year. I'm pleased to report that our relationship with IBBI has expanded and now includes audio equipment. Our Fusion brand of marine electronic systems was selected by IBBI as the preferred choice for its members. New markets and new product category is an area of strategic growth because they represent significant growth opportunities. In keeping with this strategy at the recent ICAST fishing show, we introduced Force, our first entry into the freshwater trolling motor market. Force was named best new boating accessory and won the coveted Best of Show award for 2019 making Garmin a back-to-back Best of Show winner at ICAST. We are very proud of the accomplishments of our marine team and we're excited about the new opportunity that Force represents in this segment. Looking next at the fitness segment. Revenue increased 12% driven by growth in running products as well as contributions from our recent acquisition of Tacx. Gross and operating margins were 54% and 20% respectively. During the quarter, we began shipping our refreshed line of Forerunners providing both smart watch features and enhanced running dynamics for all capabilities of runners. We also completed the acquisition of Tacx and are now in the process of expanding the distribution of Tacx products through Garmin retailers. Turning next to the outdoor segment. Revenue increased 4% on a year-over-year basis driven by growth in our golf and inReach products. We believe this is a remarkable accomplishment considering the significant impact of the Fenix Five Plus launch during the first half of 2018. Gross and operating margins were 64% and 34% respectively. During the quarter, we began shipping the MARQ luxury watch. In addition, we experienced strong demand for golf wearables and the Instinct adventure watch. We also introduced a refreshed line of handheld navigators adding inReach satellite communication technology to our flagship handheld devices. Looking finally at the auto segment. Revenue decreased 13% due to the ongoing decline of the PND market. Gross and operating margins improved year-over-year to 48% and 16% respectively. Our global market share position in the PND category remains very strong. We launched the DriveSmart 65 with integrated Alexa personal assistant bringing enhanced voice-controlled functionality to drivers. We also announced the Garmin Overlander an all-terrain GPS navigator, specifically designed to fit the needs of the growing over lending community. This is a unique product offering for those looking to explore off the grid. In summary, we are very pleased with our results in the first half of 2019. Given this strong performance, we are raising our projected revenue to approximately $3.6 billion for the year, representing an 8% increase over the prior year. Gross margin is projected to be 59.5% for the year. Operating margin is projected to be 23.2%. Assuming a pro forma effective tax rate of 16.5%, pro forma earnings per share is expected to be approximately $3.90. Looking at our annual revenue outlook by segment, we have increased our growth expectations for the aviation segment to 17%, the marine segment to 12%, and the auto segment to down 15%. Fitness and outdoor are unchanged. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks Cliff. Good morning everyone. I begin by reviewing our second quarter financial results with comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, and taxes. We posted revenue of $955 million for the second quarter, representing 7% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 60.3%, 180 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 33.4%, 80 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $256 million, 18% increase year-over-year. Operating margin was 26.8%, 250 basis point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $1.17, our GAAP EPS figure. Next, we'll look at our second quarter revenue by segment. We achieved record second quarter revenue of $955 million. Consolidated revenue grew 7% led by double-digit growth in our aviation, marine, and fitness segments. Also the outdoor segment had solid growth during the quarter. Combined basis aviation, marine, fitness and outdoor were up 12% compared in the prior year quarter. Looking next at second quarter revenue and operating income. On a combined basis, aviation, marine, fitness and outdoor segments contributed 83% of total revenue in the second quarter of 2019 compared to 80% in the prior year quarter. Aviation grew from 17% to 19%, marine grew from 15% to 16%, and fitness grew from 25% to 26%. You can see it on the charts, it illustrate our profit mix by segment. On a combined basis, aviation, marine, fitness and outdoor segments delivered 90% of operating income in the second quarter 2019 compared to 94% in the second quarter of 2018. The aviation, marine, and auto segments had strong year-over-year increases and operating income dollars improved operating margins. Looking next at operating expenses. Second quarter operating expenses increased by $13 million or 4%. As a percentage of sales operating expenses were 33.4% in the second quarter 2019, 80 basis point decrease from the comparable quarter last year. Research and development increased $7 million year-over-year in investments entering resources. Advertising expense was down $2 million from the prior year due to lower expenses in our auto segment. SG&A was up $8 million compared to prior year quarter relatively flat as a percentage of sales. The increase was primarily due to personnel-related expenses, incremental costs associated with recent acquisitions. A few highlights on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.4 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially and year-over-year to $584 million, due to strong quarter – second quarter sales. The inventory balance increased sequentially year-over-year to $648 million, due to timing of new products, raw material requirements acquisition of Tacx. For the second quarter of 2019, we generated free cash flow of $80 million, a $77 million decrease from the prior year quarter. Also during the quarter, we paid dividends of $108 million. In the second quarter 2019, reported effective tax rate of 18.9% compared to effective tax rate of 19.4% in the prior year quarter. We continue to expect our full year 2019 pro forma effective tax rate to be approximately 16.5%. This concludes our remarks. TJ, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Charlie Anderson from Dougherty & Company. Your line is now open.
Charlie Anderson: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the strong results and the upside guidance.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks Charlie.
Charlie Anderson: Yeah. So I want to start just within the guidance. I think outdoor you had sort of single-digit growth in the first half, but you're still calling for 10% for the year. So wondered, if you could just kind of speak to what you anticipate having in the second half to sort of reaccelerate the growth rate there? And then on Tacx, I guess I'm just sort of curious where things stand now. You're integrated to some degree, but how much headroom is there to improve gross margin and then also some of the sales distribution there? And then I've got a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So, outdoor, we do anticipate in the back half that we'll be refreshing product line. So that's built into our assumptions on the outdoor segment. As far as Tacx goes, its early days, but we are in the process of integrating them into our business infrastructure including our supply chain and they are also working on updating their factory facilities in order to build trainers. In terms of gross margin again early days, but there's probably opportunity to improve over time, but that would take some amount of time to be able to realize those savings as we go along.
Charlie Anderson: Perfect. And then Doug just real quick on inventory, it seems like it was up a decent amount year-over-year. I wonder, if you could just expand on what was going on there?
Doug Boessen: Sure. Yeah. Inventory is up year-over-year. It's due to a number of factors, one of which is just timing of product launches just anticipation of product launches in the back half. Also, some raw material requirements just making sure we have appropriate levels of safety stock. And also we acquired Tacx so that basically was incremental increase year-over-year, also looking at the prior number probably a little bit lighter last year on inventory than we'd like to be in. Kind of looking at inventory on the go forward for the rest of the year, I probably would expect the year-end inventory balance to be pretty similar to what I saw in Q2. It will probably go up some in Q3 probably similar type of year-over-year change I saw in Q2, but it'll come down some and we just want to make sure we have appropriate levels of inventory to meet our continuing demands.
Charlie Anderson: Perfect. Okay. Thanks so much.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Rich Valera from Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Good morning. So strong performance in aviation and you attributed that to ADS-B and I guess I just want a follow-up if you thought that – or why you thought that the ADS-B activity would continue into 2021 – I'm sorry 2020. Just what your thoughts are there?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So ADS-B was definitely a growth factor for the segment, but it's not the only factor. As I mentioned there's really broad-based growth across many product categories and also the segments of the market OEM and aftermarket. In terms of our views of the activity after the mandate, we're basing that on feedback from our installing partners who are telling us that they are booked out some now into 2020. And just looking at the total number of aircraft that remain to be equipped and the rates at which they're currently being equipped, we feel like there's a good chance that those will continue into 2020.
Rich Valera: Got it. That's helpful. And then just on the Tacx acquisition, can you say how much of the growth -- the year-over-year growth in 2Q was from Tacx? And then you made reference to the margins there. Can you just give us a sense of what their gross margins are either on absolute terms or relative to historical fitness gross margins?
Doug Boessen: Yeah. So as it relates to the amount of Tacx for Q2, it was a little bit under half. We do expect Tacx for the full year to be about half of the year-over-year growth in the fitness business. And it relates to the gross margins, we don't give specific gross margin by each one of our product lines. But like Cliff mentioned, we're looking to improve those over time.
Rich Valera: Okay, thank you.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Cliff, could you talk a little bit more on aviation? Any thoughts on the mix of OEM versus retrofit? And then you talked about ADS-B continuing into next year. Do you have any thoughts about the potential? Have you seen any pull-forward of other retrofit activity last year this year as the aircraft go out of service? And how do you think about that implication on a look forward basis out late 2020 and beyond? And then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. So Ben the mix in terms of OEM and retrofit, we don't break it down in detail. But we've said directionally in the past that it's roughly split between the two evenly and that remains to be true. And we saw pretty much identical growth rates between those two categories of product for the quarter. So there's strength across both categories of the markets that we serve. In terms of pull-forward impact on ADS-B, for sure those people that are equipped with ADS-B and have taken the time to fully upgrade their panels with new technology, they obviously are not going to be upgrading in 2020 again per se. But there's many, many more aircraft out there that are needing new technology. Some of them are flying with equipment that's decades old and we believe this is an opportunity for people to reassess the electronics in their aircraft and upgrade to a new technology that's available now.
Ben Bollin: Okay. And then within the automobile business, could you talk maybe a little bit about how the revised guidance -- is that all inclusive of first half? Is it inclusive of contribution from BMW China later this year? And then any longer term thoughts or color you can provide on the lead design opportunity with BMW? Where are you in the facility? And when does that become more material over time? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So our automobile guidance takes into account everything we've experienced so far. We're rolling forward the benefits that we've had into the guidance and not making bold assumptions about where the market will go, although we're pleased with how the performance of certain product categories in the segment have performed, particularly the higher-end PND lines have been stronger than what they've been in the past. So that's all good news. In terms of BMW, the first set of our program is scheduled to be a 2020 program and that's progressing as we have said before. There'll be minimal impact in 2019. That's been built into our guidance obviously and the newer sets of business that we won with BMW is an ongoing effort. It will take some number of years now to develop that we're in the process of investing in the capital infrastructure that we need to be able to support that program including upgrading some of our existing factories and establishing a new facility in Europe.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Chung from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks guys. Thanks for taking my questions. So just a follow-up on aviation. So your guidance kind of suggests a slowdown in second half relative to the first half. Is that just some conservatism there? Or do you think ADS-B upgrades have kind of peaked in 2Q?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think we definitely see some reason to be a little more cautious in the second half. We're comping against really strong growth numbers last year. And the installation capacity in the field is pretty much established and fixed, so it's harder to grow on big numbers like we did in the past. So we believe that's a solid guide for the segment. And inevitably as we approach the deadline there will certainly be a wind down of the activity as we go forward. So we're looking forward to that as well.
Paul Chung: Okay. Thanks for that. And then a follow-up on outdoor margins. With the kind of refresh of Fenix probably coming in the second half, how should we kind of think about operating margins there as we're kind of hitting some tough comps there as well? Is there some possible uplift maybe to ASPs on the refresh?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I can't comment on specific plans for the line. But I would say that like every other product launch that we do there's opportunities for improved margin both gross and operating margins as new products come into the mix. And we promote the older products that are being phased out.
Paul Chung: Okay. And then last question on fitness and thanks for the kind of reiterated 6 points of growth from Tacx this year. Is that mainly from the kind of existing base European business and does not include any Americas or Asia expansion potential? And then kind of what your initial read on possible demand in those regions?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think that's based on what we see from the Tacx business historically and rolling out the product into new markets does take some time. So there's some incremental benefit from that, but that's already figured into our outlook.
Paul Chung: Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ivan Feinseth from Tigress Financial. Your line is now open.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you for taking my question and congratulations on another great quarter.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth: I have two questions. First, there is a coming European ADS-B mandate. It looks like it starts from June of 2020. What type of opportunity do you see there?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. That's an opportunity. We're obviously watching and preparing for it. It's certainly going to be a much smaller opportunity than what we've seen in the Americas because the majority of ADS-B potential aircraft are in the American market. But still, it remains an opportunity for us to be able to serve that mandate as well.
Ivan Feinseth: Very good. And now on the Tacx product line, do you -- what type of opportunity or like new product introduction do you see in their fitness equipment in addition to I guess what they called the fitness trainers it's where -- it attaches to a bicycle. But they have a really nice treadmill and exercise bike which I think there could be a big opportunity. What kind -- what is your outlook or vision for bringing new products in those lines to market and their marketing plans?
Cliff Pemble: Well we don't comment on specific plans, but I would say that we do have a solid road map in the Tacx division for their products and we're investing more in R&D to be able to bring those to market.
Ivan Feinseth: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks Ivan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Will Power from Baird. Your line is now open.
Will Power: Great, thanks. Maybe first question on fitness. I know you introduced some new Forerunners. I guess any early color on what sell-through is looking like versus initial sell-in on those products?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. We think the sell-through is very strong. The products have been received very well by the market and we're excited about the new products.
Will Power: Okay. And then on the outdoor front, any -- I guess it's probably early but just looking at some of the new products introduced I guess the MARQ Instinct, any initial thoughts on demand there? I guess that's the first time in a while we haven't heard fenix called out. I'm guessing that's a function of timing and refresh. And do we expect that to get refreshed in the second half?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So MARQ, we're very pleased with how things have gone out of the gate. The sell-in was delightful for us and the sell-through has been something that we think is very strong. The Instinct has been a very strong product for us. It's expanded the base of users in the adventure watch market. So, it's got a strong following, a strong sell-through. The fenix obviously has been a little over a year now since we introduced the fenix five Plus and we expect to have additional new product announcements coming shortly.
Will Power: Okay. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Erik Woodring from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Erik Woodring: Hey good morning guys. Congrats on the quarter. I guess I just want to start out on aviation again since you brought up the new data points from the FAA. So I just want to confirm if that -- if we're 91,000 -- or through 91,000 planes, does that imply basically that there's something like 10,000 to 70,000 more upgrades to go before year-end? And then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think there's admittedly some amount of shifting definitions of those numbers provided by the FAA. And we interpret the 90,000 obviously as including everything like I highlighted including commercial as well as experimental aircraft. The 100,000 to 160,000 aircraft probably only includes just those GA aircraft and people aren't really thinking about the high-end experimentals that also want to have that equipment. So we see a pretty significant runway even if you ignore those nuances and just look at it for what it is. We think that the 100 number is certainly too low. And if you look at the higher number the 160, it would appear that we have nearly the same amount of market left to go in the cycle. So that represents a significant opportunity.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. Thanks for that color. And then I guess if we could just talk about marine quickly. So you raised guidance. I'm just wondering if that's a result of general market growth in the marine business a result of macro factors or is it more a function of you guys getting more share than you originally expected.
Cliff Pemble: I think it's a combination of those factors. Certainly, the market has been strong, especially in the higher-end boats and that's where our equipment and our content is very strong. But we also see market share gains as we've introduced these disruptive new technologies like Panoptix LiveScope. That's caused people to rethink their choices and purchase new equipment that's compatible with our system so that they can take advantage of the new technology.
Erik Woodring: Awesome. Thank you again.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Nick Todorov from Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Nick Todorov: Hi, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in. Cliff on ADS-B, we've been talking about tight capacity for a while now and we saw some inflection in ADS-B installations this quarter. So in your view what -- where did capacity come from in order to accommodate those installations? And you obviously guided to upside in aviation relative to prior expectations. So there seems to be some incremental demand that's coming up. Where do you see that capacity, I guess, coming from?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So a few factors. One is that the market is certainly gravitating towards quicker solutions as we get closer to the mandate. People are realizing that they need to be compatible with the mandate, and so they're selecting some solutions right now that will get them by. We expect some of those will come back in the future to do more. We've also been working proactively to expand our installed base. So that's helped improve the throughput certainly of our equipment. So that's yet another factor that's out there. And then finally, I think shops had figured out how to be more efficient and so they've obviously been hiring people. The rates -- the labor rates have been improving, which of course attracts employees into the field. So there's many different combinations of things that are going on that have improved the throughput in recent months.
Nick Todorov: Okay. And just as a follow-up on ADS-B. So I mean, there are some indications that suggest that a lot of the remaining planes that are yet to be equipped with ADS-B are older airframe machines that the owners may not -- may hesitate whether to upgrade or to scrap the airplane. I mean, what are you hearing from your partners and dealers in terms of the mix of remaining aircraft that need to get equipped with ADS-B in terms of what's the likelihood that we're going to get to that 160,000 high end of estimates?
Cliff Pemble: Well, certainly, hitting the high end is more of a challenge than hitting the lower numbers, but we do think it's possible to do. For the airframes that are out there where people might be contemplating the upgrade versus scrap, I think those airplanes probably aren't candidates anyway. So they've already been factored into the projected numbers.
Nick Todorov: Okay. Got it. And on OpEx, we've talked about this in the last couple of quarters but have your expectations changed? I'm just asking because the first half growth in OpEx trailed growth in sales and the guidance kind of implies a pretty steep growth maybe a little bit abnormal in OpEx in the second half. I know Tacx is playing a factor. But I guess, can you please refresh your expectations there?
Doug Boessen: Yeah. Sure. You're exactly right. Tacx and the acquisitions will play a bigger factor in the back half, so that will cause our OpEx to grow at a faster rate in the back half. To give kind of a rundown between the different OpEx, so overall operating expense is consolidated. We would expect as a percentage of sales probably about a 50 basis point increase year-over-year. Looking at advertising, I still think as a percentage of sales that will probably be relatively flat year-over-year. So probably have some year-over-year increases in advertising just as we have new product launches come out in the back half and they're a little bit higher year-over-year increase we saw in the first half. Then as it relates to R&D, we expect that to be relatively as a percentage of sales consistent year-over-year. Then in SG&A that will probably be up about 50 basis points and that's primarily due to the acquisitions impact on the back half of the year or a period of time.
Nick Todorov: Okay. So it seems like relative to original expectations R&D is now expected to be flattish versus previously. I think you were expecting plus 50 basis points so you - 
Doug Boessen: Yeah. Absolutely, because of leverage and the sales, we took our sales up from that standpoint. So in R&D area we're continuing to add headcount there to – for our product lines but continue to optimize that as we go along. But yes certainly just leveraging basically increased sales.
Nick Todorov: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I am showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Great. Thank you everyone for calling in. Doug and I are available for callbacks throughout the day. Have a wonderful one.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Garmin Limited's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later there will be a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Teri Seck, Manager of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's first quarter 2019 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our Web site. In the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we refined the methodology used to allocate certain, selling, general and administrative expenses to this segment. The composition of segments do not change. Prior year amounts are presented as they were originally reported as it is not practical to accurately restate prior period activity in accordance with the refined allocation methodology. For comparative purposes we have included in the appendix of this webcast an estimate of the segment operating income impact if the refined allocation methodology would have been used in 2018 for both the 13 weeks ended March 31, 2018, and the 52 weeks ended December 29, 2018. There was no change to either the consolidated SG&A expenses, nor the consolidated operating income. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross and operating margins, and future dividends, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our product and plans and objectives, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially, as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported record revenue for the first quarter of 2019 with growth and operating income and EPS. Consolidated revenue came in at $766 million, up 8% over the prior year. Revenue from marine, aviation, fitness, and outdoor collectively increased 12% year-over-year. Gross margin was 59% compared to 60% in the prior year. Operating margin was 19.8%, and operating income grew 6% over the prior year. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $0.74. Pro forma EPS was $0.73, up 7% over the prior year. We are encouraged by our first quarter results. Since Q1 represents the lowest seasonal quarter of our financial year and much of the year remains ahead of us, we are maintaining the guidance issued in February. Before moving on to segment highlights, I want to mention the recognition we received recently from Forbes, who ranked Garmin as one of the top five best employers in America. Speaking on behalf of all Garmin employees, we are truly honored to receive this recognition. Garmin employees are passionate about what we do, and we share a deep commitment to serving our customers and each other. Of the many qualities that make Garmin a great place to work is the commitment of our employees that sets us apart. Moving next to our segment highlights, revenue in the Marine segment increased 18% on strong demand for chartplotters and Panoptix LiveScope sonars. Gross margin was 58% and operating margin improved to 19%. During the quarter, we announced the ECHOMAP Ultra series, combining built-in Panoptix LiveScope compatibility with new mapping content. Also in our first year as their exclusive electronic supplier, we were named the 2018 Supplier of The Year by Independent Boat Builders Incorporated, the boating industry's largest purchasing cooperatives. It's an honor to be recognized by the IBBI, and I want to thank our marine team for delivering superior products, service, and support to our customers. Looking next to the Aviation, revenue increased 17%, driven by growth in both aftermarket and OEM product categories. Gross and operating margin remained strong at 75% and 34% respectively. During the quarter, we delivered the new G1000 NXi upgrade for the Citation Mustang, which is the first business jet to adopt our G1000 system. We announced compelling new products, such as the GPS-175, GNX-375, and the G3X Touch, which expand the addressable market for our retrofit systems. Our aviation team was also recognized as an outstanding supplier to the industry. At the recent Embraer Supplier Conference we were named Supplier of The Year for electrical systems. This is the 10th supplier award we received from Embraer, and again, reflects the strength of our products, service, and support. I want to thank our aviation team for their deep commitment to being the very best. Looking next to Fitness, revenue increased 9% driven primarily by strong growth in our wearable category. Gross margin was 50% and operating margin was 10% in the quarter. Margins decreased due to a combination of factors, including lower selling prices, and a shift in mix as certain products in our consumer wellness categories experienced significant year-over-year growth. In early April, we completed the acquisition of Tacx, expanding our reach into the indoor cycling and training market. Yesterday we announced a fully refresh line of running watches with the Forerunner 45 in two sizes, the Forerunner 245 with optional music storage, and are Forerunner 945 which has it all. These new smartwatches offer features that will appeal to a broader range of running enthusiasts. Also we announced the availability of our menstrual cycle tracking feature. This new feature was developed by Garmin Women focusing on the special needs of those who are highly active. This feature will help women make connection between their current cycle phase, physical and emotional symptoms, and their overall wellbeing. We also announced that we are cooperating with the University of Kansas on research to better understand how wearables and the biometric data they produce can help women manage and improve their health. Moving to Outdoor, revenue increased 7% on strength across multiple product categories. The Outdoor segment generated strong growth and operating margins of 63% and 27% respectively. During the quarter we introduced MARQ a collection of five premium smart tool watches, these watches were created from our active lifestyle DNA to inspire adventures and flying, racing, sailing, exploring and sports performance. Also we recently announced the Approach S40 a stylish golf watch featuring a color touch screen display and smartwatch capabilities.  Looking finally at the Auto segment, revenue decreased 10% for the quarter due to the ongoing decline in the PND market, partially offset by growth and certain specialty product lines, our global PND market share remains very strong, gross margin was 45% and operating margin improved to 6% during the quarter we launched the BC40 a new wireless backup camera that's easy to install and provide drivers with a wide clear view behind your vehicle also during the quarter we announced that BMW selected us as their lead design and production partner of infotainment modules for the BMW Group validating us as a tier one supplier to the world's most respected brands. I congratulate our automotive team and thank them for their hard work and dedication in securing this win. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results, Doug.
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I will begin by reviewing our first quarter financial results then move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes, we posted a revenue of $766 million for the first quarter represent 8% increase year-over-year, gross margin was 59%, 100 basis points decrease from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 39.2%, 80 basis points decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $151 million a 6% increase year-over-year, operating margin was 19.8% relatively consistent as prior year, our GAAP EPS was $0.74, our pro forma EPS was $0.73, next we will look at the first quarter revenue by segment, we achieved record first quarter revenue of $766 million, consolidated revenue grew 8% where by double-digit growth in both marine and aviation. Also both the fitness and outdoor segments achieved solid growth during the quarter. Combined basis marine, aviation, fitness and outdoor were up 12% compared to prior year quarter. Looking next, the first quarter revenue and operating income charts, collectively marine, aviation, fitness and outdoor contributed 83% of total revenue first quarter 2019 compared to 80% in the prior year quarter, the marine grew from 16% to 17%, and aviation grew from 21% to 22%. The fitness grew from 23% to 24%. You can see from the charts it illustrate our profit mix by segment. Marine, aviation, fitness and outdoor segments collectively delivered 95% operating income in the first quarter 2019 compared to 98% in the first quarter of 2018. Looking next at operating expenses, our first quarter operating expense increased by $16 million or 6%, research and development increased $4 million year-over-year due to investments in engineering resources. Our advertising expense increased $3 million year-over-year represented 3.6% of sales consistent with the prior year quarter. SG&A was up $10 million or 16.5% of sales consistent with prior year quarter. The increase was primarily due to legal related costs and personnel related expenses, few highlights from the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities for approximately $2.7 billion, cash receivable decreased sequentially to $453 million following seasonally strong fourth quarter, inventory balance increased on a sequential and basis compared with the seasonally strong second quarter upcoming product launches. During the first quarter of 2019, we generated free cash flow of $134 million; $53 million decrease from the prior year quarter, also during the quarter we paid dividend of $201 million which includes both the December 2018, the March 2019 payments. During the first quarter of 2019, we reported effective tax rate of 15.7% or 16% prior quarter.  This concludes our formal remarks, Shannon can you please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben Bollin: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Wanted to start in the fitness business, could you talk a little bit about the mix overall, what drove the higher mix of kind of wellness devices in the quarter? What were the incremental legal expenses within that business in the quarter, and does that persist? And then any thoughts on margin trajectory through the year with new product launching, and then I have a follow-up?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of mix, Ben, we saw strong sales of our Vivomore HR line as well as our Vivoactive 3. So, those were drivers of mix towards the consumer wellness categories. In terms of legal, we wouldn't comment on specific other than to say we wouldn't expect a repeat of some of these, but again, the environment is unpredictable, so we don't really know in the future what additional things we might face, but we view it as somewhat of a one-time thing. And in terms of margin trajectory depending on how the mix goes, we would probably still anticipate some downward pressure on overall fitness margins probably in the low to mid 50s range, but that will depend on again the overall product mix and the sales trajectory on some of those product lines.
Ben Bollin: Okay. And within outdoor, any thoughts you have on the initial interest for MARQ, or how you feel about the current line-up and what MARQ does to the overall TAM [ph] as you move into these higher price point products?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we feel like the initial interest in MARQ has been very encouraging. So we are now starting to deliver those devices into the field. So we will start to see some impact from that. In terms of what it does to our overall product line-up, I think it expands our reach towards the upper end of the watch market. In terms of where we are today, obviously not the upper end of where watches are in total, but for us it does expands our reach and we feel very good about it, we see high MARQs in terms of the design of the product and the materials we have selected. So we feel very good about it.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rich Valera: Thank you, I was wondering if you could comment on the BMW deal and sort of how you get paid on that and what you will actually get paid on. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think maybe you are referring to some capitalized costs, so that basically an agreement that we have to be able to recover some of our R&D cost that go into that project, and those will be capitalized as we go along. But in terms of once we reach the production point, then it's like any other arrangement, where we sell a product and [indiscernible].
Rich Valera: Yes, I guess the question was what exactly will you be selling them; software, hardware if you kind of just give us a sense of the magnitude of what will be going into each vehicle?
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's the main media computing modules that go into every vehicle, and it drives the instrument cluster as well as the center stack and then some configurations that will also drive entertainment in the back seat.
Rich Valera: Got it. And then just on aviation, can you kind of give us an update on your thoughts on the ADS-B, one that sort of contribution this year, and then how you think about that going into next year post the mandate?
Cliff Pemble: But we don't break it out by categories but it is generating growth. It's not the only growth driver though in the overall Aviation segment because we're also seeing strong demand for retrofit systems, integrated cockpit systems as well as display systems and GPS systems that go in the cockpit. We think the trajectory is still strong for this year although towards the back half of the year there could be some tailing off of the growth rate. We do see that in 2020 that the market will probably continue somewhat because we don't think that every airplane that wants to be equipped will be. But we'll have to see how that goes as we reach that point.
Rich Valera: Okay. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company. Your line is open.
Charlie Anderson: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. Just going back to the wearables and some of the gross margins you're seeing there. I know Cliff you've had sort of a multi-year trend of people going maybe more up-market on wearables as opposed to down market. I wonder if we're seeing a reversal of that trend at all or this is just a function of where we are point in time on the product cycle and then I've got a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Well actually in the tracker category, it is people going upmarket because they're moving towards the higher end even when they charge as opposed to basic tracker band. It so happens that the margins on those products are lower than the headline of fitness. So depending on mix of course that impacts the overall segment margin.
Charlie Anderson: Okay, great. And then just a housekeeping question for Doug. I noticed in the Q that we did see that reclassification of SG&A a little bit more to aviation, a little bit less to Marine. I wonder if you could just walk us through the basis behind that change? Thanks.
Doug Boessen: Sure. Actually it's refinement of our methodology for the general and administration expenses and now as time goes by, there's evolution of our different segments, different dynamics with it some of which relating to the late facility expansion here some of which is Aviation becoming a bigger piece of our business, international. So looking at all those different dynamics, we took a look at by allocating our administrative expenses where we thought to be each one of our segments. So yes, there are incremental additional expenses being allocated to aviation.
Charlie Anderson: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Paul Chung: Hi, thanks. This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my question. So I have a couple on marine, where you kind of seeing pockets of growth whether it's region, product, subsets of the boating market and then given the strong start for both marine and aviation for the years, how is your outlook for 10% growth for both segments changed at all?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of marine growth, I'm trying to add a little more color to that, I would say it's strong globally particularly it's strong here in the U.S. market. A large majority of our revenue is generated in the Americas market and so products like Panoptix LiveScope and our chartplotters are driving some significant growth there. In terms of our outlook for both marine and aviation, as we mentioned we're not ready to think about guidance yet because it's still early in the year but we're encouraged by the results we've seen in both of those segments. I would say as I mentioned earlier in aviation that towards the back half of the year, we would naturally expect that the growth rates of ADS-B might come down a bit as the rush of people that are trying to get into the installed tapers off a bit but that's what we're anticipating and that's why we're just holding back a little bit.
Paul Chung: Got it. And then my follow-up is on tax. What's your go to market strategy there. Can you give some more details on margins, revenues. I think you mentioned maybe six points of growth for fitness but has that view now changed that you closed the acquisition? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: There's really no changes in terms of the go to market. They are the market leader particularly in the European region. And so we expect to continue to capitalize on that strength. And we see opportunities for growth in the Americas and Asia where they're less represented. So we're working hard to implement those sales strategies right now. In terms of margins, it's fairly consistent with the overall headline margins of fitness. So we don't anticipate really any impact there. There will be allocation of the purchase price to fitness. So that will impact some of the operating margins. But on a pre-amortized basis, it's very positive to our fitness segment on a cash flow basis.
Paul Chung: Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Nick Todorov with Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Nick Todorov: Hey, guys, good morning. First [indiscernible], just on aviation, my sense is that results came a little better than expected maybe can you talk some aftermarket OEM, what surprises you saw in this quarter? And then secondly, some of your competitors have talked about the pricing environment given and saw supply constraints. Maybe you could comment on that. I was wondering if you see anything different.
Cliff Pemble: So Nick I'm sorry to say but your call quality was kind of challenging. So I'm not sure that we've really tracked your question. I don't know if you could maybe try to restate it or help us out a little bit there.
Nick Todorov: Sorry about it. Can you hear me?
Cliff Pemble: It's incrementally better.
Nick Todorov: Sorry, can you hear me better now?
Cliff Pemble: It's better now, thank you.
Nick Todorov: Okay, sorry about it. So in aviation, the sense is that results came a little bit better than expected. Maybe can you talk about whether you saw some surprises either on the OEM or on the aftermarket side? And secondly, can you comment that if you see any changes in the pricing environment and the aftermarket side, some of your competitors have talked about some changes given the supply constraints. I was wondering if you see anything different.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so in terms of aviation in our view there and what we saw, I would say that aftermarket was very strong and that reflects true demand and sell through to customers that are out there. In terms of OEM, there is some timing related things that helped us in Q1. But in general we still feel very positive about the OEM environment. In terms of pricing and aviation, I would say that pricing has been firm, we did go through some pricing increases at the first part of the year which didn't seem to have any impact in terms of our demand that we're seeing in the segment.
Nick Todorov: Okay. So you said you went through some price increases in the first -- in the first quarter this year or that was last year, I'm sorry.
Cliff Pemble: It was basically in January.
Nick Todorov: Okay, okay, got it. And Doug can you comment on what are some of the changes in OpEx allocation changes your outlook? I believe last quarter you were talking about expecting about 100 basis points increase, OpEx as a percent of sales. Had that outlook changed?
Doug Boessen: No, we are consistent with that outlook for the full-year, so we have about 100 basis points increase for total operating expenses, we expect advertising as a percentage of sales to be relatively consistent year-over-year and probably about 50 basis point increase in R&D on a full-year basis and then a 50 basis point increase in SG&A on a full-year basis. I should also mention the tax acquisition about 25% of that year-over-year increase in operating expenses will be attributed to the tax acquisition which we closed on here in the second quarter.
Nick Todorov: Okay. And lastly from me, Automotives gross margin came a little bit stronger than the trend over the last couple of years. Is there anything worth calling out or was it anything maybe tied to the specialty products that offset some of the PND declines, or that's something else?
Doug Boessen: Yes, one thing we did see in PND is that we had a new drive line of PND that was launched here in first quarter, so with that new launch we did see some improvement relating to our gross margins.
Nick Todorov: Okay guys, thanks. Good luck.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial Partners. Your line is open.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you. Thank you for taking my call and congratulations on another great quarter and being named one of the top five places to work.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth: I have a few product questions and platform questions, first at this year's Connect IQ Developer Conference like year-over-year how is attendance growing and what have been some of the topics covered? And I really do like also the new Connect IQ App that organizes the applications.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so our Connect IQ Summit was actually very, very good. We had strong attendance same as the previous year, so we're not seeing any decrease in the level of interest. We announced new features for Connect IQ that allows App developers to further leverage the platform, so they can have better access, through access to the wireless capabilities of devices. There's great new animation tools that they can use to create more lively apps, so, a lot of enthusiasm around the things that we've been doing.
Ivan Feinseth: Is there any plans to create like a marketplace, so that those who want to offer apps that they could charge would be able to do that because I know there are, most of the apps are free, some of the developers say if you'd like to send the money let's say through PayPal you can do it but is there eventually going to be a flick of formalized e-commerce process on the platform?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so we're evolving the platform to be able to support monetization and as we say right now, it's not as strongly linked in terms of helping our App developers that we're working on a roadmap that gets us there and I think in the coming year, we should have improvements.
Ivan Feinseth: Very good. I love the new product cadence and the number of new cycling computers. My one question is on like the Zumo line for example it connects to the tire monitors, so are you going to be offering the ability to have tire pressure monitors on a bicycle that connects to the cycling computers. I think that's a pretty cool feature.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, it's definitely a technology we can leverage in cycling. And so I wouldn't rule it in or out at this point because we're evaluating our roadmaps but it is something that we can leverage across multiple product categories.
Ivan Feinseth: And as far as product line. Are you looking to want a refresh to Zumo or what is your thoughts on the Zumo line?
Cliff Pemble: Well the Zumo line is an integral part of our overall PND lineup and so we have a strong roadmap there as we do in the other areas as well.
Ivan Feinseth: And then like the Garmin Connect is pretty cool. And have you thought about some kind of other onboard diagnostic port connection to any of your other GPS devices that could incorporate that data into the screen of the GPS?
Cliff Pemble: We've invested some effort in understanding OBD connection to the vehicle and of course on our OEM side, we have a lot of access to the vehicle in terms of the can buses and things. But in terms of aftermarket diagnostics, it's somewhat of a crowded market and so we've struggled to find a place where we can really carve out our own unique niche there. So it's not something that we've been actively pursuing recently.
Ivan Feinseth: Okay, understood. And then I love the Newmark watches. They are beautiful. Can you give some thoughts on unit volume?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we don't break out by volume but I would say as we mentioned in the remarks that the reception has been good and we're pleased with that and so we're just at the front end now of delivering those products to market. And we'll have an updated view in the future.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you. And also on tax, can you give us some thoughts as far as product branding. Are you going to maintain the tax name or somehow incorporate the Garmin name with it, also do you see any focus on specific products and expanding the product availability into the U.S. and the marketing strategy behind it?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so the tax name is very strong. So we want to maintain that. And so the branding will be definitely taxes. The headline on those products and for the Web site and things we're calling it a Garmin company. In terms of our specific product focus, our emphasis at taxes emphasis before acquired them, it was that smart trainers and advanced trainers is their specialty and so we're going to continue investing in that. And then in terms of bringing the product to other markets where we're working very hard to bring it into U.S. distribution now in a more complete way and so that's ongoing and should be more evident as we as we move into the back half of the year.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you very much. Congratulations again.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks Ivan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erik Woodring with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Erik Woodring: Hey, guys, congrats on the quarter. Good morning. I just want to get at first quarter revenue growth of 8% was strong but in the past you've talked about how the ramping of product launches and new product launches flew essentially help accelerate that growth in the back half of the year versus the first half. And so with guidance unchanged, I just kind of wanted to reconcile those data points given the outperformance in the first quarter?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so we mentioned in the last call that our product releases were back half loaded. And I think that's certainly playing out as we're just now getting our new fitness products to market and we'll have more releases as we go through the year. So we'll have to wait and see. We've mentioned before that this quarter is literally the smallest contribution to our overall yearly revenues. So we don't want to get too excited or disappointed on first quarter because there's a lot that lies ahead of us in terms of the overall sales environment and the competitive environment.
Erik Woodring: Okay, thanks. And then just as my follow-up, auto results revenue down 10% was essentially the best performance you've had for that segment since the first quarter of 2016. So just curious is that just the new drive on PND that was launched or was there something else that contributed, any puts and takes there and understanding any puts and takes would be helpful there? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Drives certainly help, that was a selling event although we've heard good remarks from our retailers on the sell through of that product. So that's one dynamic but we also saw strong demand for our specialty PNDs particularly in the truck RV and motorcycle areas and that helps a lot. And so that represents really true demand in the market. So we were pleased with the result and we'll have to wait and see how things go throughout the remainder of the year.
Erik Woodring: And I'm just curious is that a trend do you think that could continue or is it would you call that or think of that more as a one-time, a one-time benefit to the quarter?
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's hard to say again we're waiting to see more data as we experience the sell through of the new products especially and as the driving season comes upon us here, so we'll have to wait and see.
Erik Woodring: Okay. Great, thank you for taking this time.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, thanks Erik.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thanks everyone. Doug and I are available for callbacks throughout the day. Have a good one. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thanks for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-20 10:30:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Teri Seck, Manager of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s fourth quarter 2018 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. As a reminder, we adopted the new U.S. GAAP revenue standard in the first quarter of 2018. The prior periods presented here have been restated to reflect adoption of this standard. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross and operating margins and future dividends, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our product and plans and objectives, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially, as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, we finished 2018 strong with revenue for the quarter increasing 4% over the prior year to $932 million. Aviation, marine, outdoor and fitness collectively increased 13% over the prior year. Gross margin improved to 58.9%, driven by both product and segment mix. Operating margin improved to 23.9% and operating income increased 21% over the prior year. These results generated GAAP EPS of $1 and pro forma EPS of $1.02 in the quarter, an increase of 26%. Looking briefly at full year performance. 2018 was our third consecutive year of revenue and operating income growth. We launched many innovative products, some of which have become halo products in their respective markets. I will highlight accomplishments in each of our business segment in a moment. But looking back at 2018, I'm very pleased with everything we accomplished. For the year, revenue increased 7% to over $3.3 billion. Combined revenue from aviation, marine, outdoor and fitness increased 16%. Gross margin improved to 59.1%. Operating margin improved to 23.3% and operating income increased 14%. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $3.66; and pro forma EPS of $3.69, an increase of 22% over the prior year. The growth in EPS and cash generation gives us confidence in proposing an 8% increase in the quarterly dividend. We shipped nearly 15 million units during the year bringing our total to over 205 million since inception, which includes over 1 million certified aviation products. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first I would like to highlight some achievements from the past year and outlook in each of our five business segments. Starting with aviation. Revenue increased 20% driven by growth in both aftermarket and OEM product categories. ADS-B continues to be a driver of solid performance in the aftermarket, while new platforms and favorable market conditions led the growth in the OEM category. Gross and operating margins were 75% and 34% respectively and operating income increased 33% over the prior year. During the year Tactical Air selected us to equip their fleet of F-5 fighter aircraft, which is the second program win for our tandem integrated flight deck. Also during the year we were recognized by Airbus helicopters and Embraer as outstanding Supplier of the Year. And most recently, Garmin was ranked number one in avionics product support by Professional Pilot magazine and by Aviation International News for the 15th consecutive year. The recognition we are receiving is significant, because the aviation industry demands strong performance from those that participate in the market. I congratulate our team on earning these awards, which is a testament to the quality of Garmin equipment and the amazing way our associates care for our customers. Looking ahead, positive market conditions, contributions from new products and platforms and ADS-B provide growth opportunities in both OEM and aftermarket product categories. With these things in mind, we anticipate revenue in the aviation segment will increase approximately 10% in 2019. Looking next at marine. Revenue increased 18% driven by strength in a broad range of product lines. During the year, we launched Panoptix LiveScope, a sonar system that generates real-time video-like images underwater. LiveScope was quickly recognized by the marine industry as disruptive new technology and has become a halo product in our marine portfolio. Gross and operating margins improved to 59% and 14% respectively, and operating income increased 26%. We recently introduced new versions of our flagship GPSMAP and echoMAP chartplotters, which included a new map combining the best of Garmin and Navionics content. This marks the achievement of a major objective we established for the Navionics acquisition. We continue to gain market share in the OEM category. During the year, we were named as an exclusive supplier to several boat manufacturers. We enter 2019 confident in our portfolio of strong product, such as, Panoptix LiveScope and our flagship GPSMAP and echoMAP series. We anticipate revenue in the marine segment will increase approximately 10% for the year. Turning next to outdoor. Revenue increased 16% on strong demand for outdoor adventure watches, golf products and inReach subscription services. Gross and operating margins were 65% and 36% respectively, and operating income increased 16% over the prior year. During the year, we built on the momentum in the adventure watch category with the introduction of the fēnix 5 Plus series with streaming music, built-in maps and mobile payments. We also extended the category with the introduction of Instinct and Descent. Looking ahead, we anticipate revenue in the outdoor segment will increase approximately 10% in 2019, driven primarily by growth in watches and inReach subscriptions. Looking next at fitness. Revenue increased 13% driven by growth in all product categories. Gross and operating margins were 55% and 21%, respectively and operating income increased 24% over the prior year. In 2018, we launched new music-enabled wearables and added seven music providers into our Connect IQ app store including Spotify, Deezer, and KKBOX. Lastly, we signed an agreement to purchase Tacx, a leading provider of indoor bike trainers and we expect this acquisition to be completed sometime in the second quarter. In 2019, we anticipate revenue growth of approximately 13% which includes the acquisition of Tacx as well as organic growth within the segment. Looking finally at the auto segment, revenue decreased 19% for the full year due to the ongoing decline of the PND market and lower auto OEM sales driven by program timing. Gross and operating margins were 43% and 6%, respectively. Our global PND market share remains very strong and at the recent Consumer Electronics Show, we announced our new Drive PNDs with simplified road trip-ready features. In the OEM category, we were awarded new business that will contribute starting in 2020. Looking at 2019, we anticipate revenue will decrease approximately 18%, driven by the ongoing decline of the PND market as well softness in OEM due to program timing mentioned earlier. In summary, we began our 30th year of operations with opportunities in all segments. We anticipate revenue of approximately $3.5 billion, up 5% year-over-year. Our plan calls for stronger growth in the second half of the year due to the timing of product launches. We anticipate gross margin of approximately 59.5% and operating margin of approximately 22.7%. We anticipate a full year pro forma effective tax rate of approximately 16.5% resulting in pro forma earnings per share of approximately $3.70. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks Cliff. Good morning everyone. I'll begin my review in our fourth quarter and full year financial results with comments on the balance sheet cash, flow statement, and taxes. We posted revenue of $932 million for the fourth quarter, representing 4% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.9%, 280 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 35%, a 70 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $223 million, a 21% increase with the prior year. Operating margin was 23.9%, a 350 basis point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $1. Pro forma EPS was $1.02, a 26% increase from the prior year. Looking at full year results, we posted revenue over $3.3 billion for the year, representing a 7% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 59.1%, 150 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 35.9%, a 20 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating income was $778 million, a 14% increase over the prior year. Operating margin was 23.3%, an increase of 140 basis points from the prior year, driven by the increase in gross margin. Our GAAP EPS was $3.66. Pro forma EPS was $3.69, a 22% increase from the prior year. Next, look at fourth quarter and full year revenue by segment. During the fourth quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in three of our five segments led by the Outdoor segment with 25% growth, followed closely by the Aviation segment with growth of 22%. For the full year 2018 we achieved 7% consolidated growth with double-digit growth in four of our five segments. Looking next to fourth quarter revenue and operating income. Collectively, the Aviation, Marine, Outdoor, Fitness segments contributed 84% total revenue in the fourth quarter 2018 compared to 77% in the prior year quarter. Outdoor grew from 23% to 27%. Aviation grew from 14% to 17%. You can see from the charts it illustrate our profit mix by segment. The Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and fitness segments collectively delivered 97% operating income in the fourth quarter 2018 compared to 88% in the fourth quarter of 2017. Outdoor operating income as a percentage of total operating income increased from 40% to 43%. Looking next at full year charts. For the full year, the Aviation, Marine, Outdoor, Fitness segments made up 81% of total revenue compared to 75% in 2017. A similar shift occurred in operating income with 95% in 2018 operating income collectively coming from the; Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and Fitness segments compared to 88% in 2017. All segments besides Auto had a year-over-year increase in both operating income dollars and operating margin. Looking next at operating expenses. Fourth quarter operating expenses increased by $6 million or 2%. Research and development increased $12 million year-over-year due to investments in engineering resources. Our advertising expense decreased $4 million in the prior year quarter representing 5.9% of sales, 60 basis point decrease.  Decrease was primarily due to lower media spent in the fitness segment. SG&A decreased $3 million compared to prior quarter with 13.5% of sales, 90 basis point decrease compared to prior year. Decrease was due to prior year litigation-related costs partially offset by increased personnel-related expenses. A few highlights from the balance sheet, cash flow statement and dividend payments. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.7 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially to $570 million, due to holiday quarter and decreased year-over-year due to timing of cash receipts. Inventory balance increased both sequentially and year-over-year to $562 million. During the fourth quarter 2018, we generated free cash flow of approximately $185 million. For the full year 2018, we generated free cash flow of approximately $764 million, a $243 million increase to the prior year. We announced that we plan to seek shareholder approval for our increased dividend beginning for the June 2019 payment. Proposal is a cash dividend of $2.28 per share, $0.57 per share per quarter, 8% increase from our current quarterly dividend of $0.53 per share. For the full year 2018, we recorded an effective tax rate of 15.7%, 520 basis point decrease from the prior year primarily due to benefits from U.S. tax reform. We expect our full year 2019 pro forma effective tax rate to be approximately 16.5%. The year-over-year increase in 2019 pro forma effective tax rate is primarily due to lower expected reserve releases compared to 2018. This concludes our formal remarks. Channel, please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Q – Robert Spingarn: Good morning. Very good numbers guys. I wanted to ask you just on the -- to start with on the margins, on the gross margins Cliff or Doug, how do we think about that improvement considering volume mix pricing those three factors and anything else that I should be throwing in there?
A – Cliff Pemble: On the year, our margin improvement is primarily segment-driven mix. On the quarter, it's both segment and product mix.
Q – Robert Spingarn: And then -- go ahead Doug.
A – Doug Boessen: Yes. We did see some improvement in the outdoor gross margin year-over-year for the quarter as primarily due to Cliff mentioned product mix higher percentage of wearables year-over-year and also some improvement in the marine gross margin also due to product mix.
Q – Robert Spingarn: And are there any pricing trends at work here that we should think about? Or is pricing stable? Or do you see any kind of moderation as technology gets -- with competition and technology somewhat matures?
A – Cliff Pemble: Yes. Competition is obviously still a factor especially around holiday promotion times. Our product life cycles within the various segments do also have an impact particularly in outdoor where we had the new fēnix watches for most of the year. So going forward I think all those things are dynamic. We would anticipate just following the market and doing the best we can.
Q – Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just on the sales guidance. The sales guidance is a little bit short of what you delivered in 2018. But then again you did better in 2018 than you initially guided. You did 7.5% against I think the original guidance of about 3%. Is this just typical conservatism? Or are there any fundamental elements that we should really be thinking about for example maybe ADS-B activity fading as we get into 2019 or anything else across the segments we should be thinking about?
A – Cliff Pemble: I think the segment level guidance speaks for itself. I think that in terms of our overall guidance, we spend a lot of time on that and we’ve articulated the road map that we believe we can deliver. So that's really what goes behind our guidance at the beginning of the year. There's still a lot of the year ahead of us. So as things develop of course we'll update. But right now that's our view and our road map.
Q – Robert Spingarn: Thank you, very much.
A – Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Q – Caitlin Dullanty: Hi guys. It's Caitlin Dullanty on for Ron Epstein today. My first question is can -- how did the U.S. government shutdown affect the ADS-B upgrades? Did you encounter any delays? And if so, should we expect to see a pickup of pent-up demand going into 2019?
A – Cliff Pemble: Yes. We really didn't see any impact from the shutdown on ADS-B itself. I think that there's lots of puts and takes at the shop level of the industry, so I wouldn't say that there was zero impact. But it was hard to detect at least from the activity that we saw. And so going forward, I don't think there's a major wave that comes through because of the reopening. We expect that the upgrades will continue strong into 2019 because there's still quite a few aircraft to equip and shop capacity is still a factor.
Caitlin Dullanty: Okay, thank you. That's very helpful. And then can you talk a bit about how the two new product launches such as the Instinct watch and the GPSMAP 66 handheld contributed to outdoor growth in the quarter?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. Instinct really opened a new category product for us, a new kind of customer, so we view that as a new opportunity within the overall wearable. And the GPSMAP was a refresh of our product line and so whenever we do that we're able to capture people who upgrade and people who are looking for new features and products that they might already have. So, kind of, a new product refresh out there.
Caitlin Dullanty: All right. Thank you so much.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Caitlin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Anderson of Dougherty & Company. Your line is now open.
Charlie Anderson: Yeah, thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a really strong 2018.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Charlie Anderson: Cliff, I wanted to start with a question on auto. So PND continued its current rate of decline, which looks like it's in kind of the low 20% range. I realize that you have some program timing that's impacting OEM right now. But you do have BMW, Geely and others coming in later. I think you've also referenced in the past that you have some unannounced wins. I wonder how should we think about that business over the next few years. Is there a point, at which it stabilizes or even grows? And then I've got a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, we believe there's a plan. We're definitely -- we'll stabilize and grow.
Charlie Anderson: Can you speak to -- if that's something we could consider on the 2021-2020 time frame or any more color there?
Cliff Pemble: Well, it's a little early to talk about 2020, but I would say consistent with the remarks that we made earlier that many of the programs we've talked about start to hit in 2020, and so that will be a key year for us and looking forward as well as we have additional programs that come online.
Charlie Anderson: Okay, great. And then on aviation, I wonder what are some of the key assumptions you guys are making this year as it relates to the ADS-B rollout to any degree do you think it spills over into 2020? And then a post-ADS-B world, how should investors think about the growth within the aviation category? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. Our outlook today is very similar to what we provided back in July. We are seeing that based on run rates we have today that we would have about 100,000 aircraft equipped by the time the mandate takes effect. And looking into 2020, I would say that there still appears to be opportunity for additional aircraft that come online either due to the fact that they weren't able to get into shops or perhaps they're just lagers in terms of overall buying behavior.
Charlie Anderson: Great. Thanks so much.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Charlie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company. Your line is now open.
Rich Valera: Thank you and congratulations from me on a strong 2018 as well. Just wanted to follow-up on the ADS-B question. Can you give us any sense of the revenue level you're seeing from ADS-B-related retrofits right now and how you think that trends into 2020?
Cliff Pemble: It's probably a little hard to quantify because we are seeing customer step up to additional equipment when they bring their airplanes in for modification. I think that's critical, because it shows that customers they realized that the effort it takes to put the equipment in is significant, and so they want to take advantage of all of the potential features and opportunities they can have with the latest equipment. So consequently we're seeing improvements in a lot of our retrofit product lines in addition to ADS-B.
Rich Valera: I guess I understood, but to the degree that you're getting all the sort of pull-through from ADS-B-related activity in 2019 and then that was to significantly decrease in 2020, it would seem you could have almost the reverse effect. So just trying to think about how to think about 2019 versus 2020 given you expected high level of ADS-B in 2019?
Cliff Pemble: Well we're not ready to provide a lot of color around 2020 yet, because we still have a lot of 2019 to play out when it comes to the mandate. But we said all along that certainly there will be a drop-off as people become equipped. And the way we see it today there will still be sales that occur into 2020, but the level of those sales and the impact in the pull-through that comes with those is still unknown.
Rich Valera: Fair enough. And I wanted to ask one on Tacx if I could, interesting acquisition there. First, I was wondering if you'd be willing to give the expected revenue contribution from Tacx either on an annualized basis or in however many months you expect to have that acquisition with you in 2019?
Cliff Pemble: Well from our guidance, we would say that about half of the growth that we're projecting in fitness is due to Tacx and based on our projected closing date. So those are the assumptions we made so far.
Rich Valera: And can you share that projected closing date?
Cliff Pemble: I think there's still a lot to happen, so we don't really have a specific yet, but we expect it to be sometime in second quarter.
Rich Valera: Got it. And then, is there anything else you're looking to do with Tacx from an integration with some of the Garmin software or other Garmin products? I'm just thinking what else -- what are the types of things you could do with Tacx, once you get that as part of the sort of Garmin portfolio?
Cliff Pemble: Well we built a very solid cycling business based on outdoor cycling activity and so Tacx allows us to bring cycling indoors and allows us to integrate across our platforms both in terms of head units as well Garmin Connect. So we see a lot of opportunities and synergies that we can work together with Tacx in order to better serve the overall cycling market.
Rich Valera: Got it. And one more if I could. Can you give a marine organic growth number for 4Q 2018, if we were to back out some of the recent acquisition impact?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. For the fourth quarter the vast majority was organic growth about three quarters of it and maybe about 25% of that was Navionics.
Rich Valera: Got it. Thanks very much.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Yuuji Anderson of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Yuuji Anderson: Good morning. Thanks so much for taking the question. First, I wanted to follow up on the previous outdoor question that was asked. Just looking at Q4 and just concerned the acceleration year-over-year. Can you just give us a better idea of how much of that was a contribution from the new product that you cited there versus performance of the underlying -- or performance of the older Fenix watches for example?
Cliff Pemble: Well definitely the new products like Instinct and Descent contributed totally new dollars to us, but we still saw strong growth for the year and for the quarter in our Fenix line as well.
Yuuji Anderson: Got it. That's helpful. And then on the operating margin guidance, so it is a tick down from 2018. I guess when we look at this longer term, should we be thinking of the company as kind of hovering around this low- to mid-20 percentage range? Or should we just think of 2019 as being particularly investment-heavy and we should expect more meaningful operating leverage in the outer years?
Doug Boessen: Yes. So this is Doug. Let me give you a little perspective probably on operating expenses and the gross margin and kind of feed into that. So for the gross margin, we do expect that to tick-up a little bit, that's primarily all due to segment mix. And then as it relates to operating expenses for 2019, we would expect operating expenses to increase on a consolidated basis similar level as it did in 2018, probably maybe as a percentage of sales maybe 100 basis points increase year-over-year. And about -- I should also mention that, about 25% of that year-over-year increase in our operating expenses were attributing primarily to the acquisition of Tacx -- acquisition there. And looking at -- maybe a little more granularity on each one of the expense lines, as it relates to advertising; our goals for 2019 or as a percentage of sales to look at advertising to be relatively comparable as a percentage of sales in 2018. We do expect R&D investments to continue probably -- maybe as a percentage of sales probably a 50% increase there -- basis point increase. And then SG&A expect that to increase year-over-year maybe about a 50 basis point also. But we do continue to make investments in our business on a go-forward basis to drive the top line.
Yuuji Anderson: Great. Okay. That's very helpful. And then just one more quick one if I may. On the Aviation guidance at this point, are you building in new production from OEM design such as Citation Longitude? And I guess just more broadly, like how do you build in the production ramp for new platforms such as that versus what those OEMs might be saying publicly? Like can you give yourself room for potential upside, if things don't track according to what they're saying publicly?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we do have new platforms such as Longitude in our plan. We work closely with the teams at our partners such as Textron to plan for -- basically create our plan around their plan. And so that's what we've done. And I can't really comment in terms of our views versus theirs, but we're ready to support their launch and rollout.
Yuuji Anderson: Okay. Thank you so much.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Paul Coster: [Technical Difficulty] encouraging. Can you talk a little bit about the sort of macro-environment that you're assuming for that both domestically and internationally?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Sorry Paul, I think your question broke up during the first part. So if you wouldn't mind to repeat that then we'll try to tackle it.
Paul Coster: Just asking with regard to the 2019 guidance what kind of macro assumptions, you've made both domestically and internationally?
Cliff Pemble: Well I think we're assuming what all people are kind of steady state the way things are right now. I think aviation and marine are segments that are definitely very sensitive to the macro-environment. So our outlook there assumes that we're going to continue to see recently favorable conditions to support those markets.
Paul Coster: If the China-U.S. trade dispute is resolved amicably what kind of impact does that have if any?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think to the extent that it improves the situation in the China market itself it could positively impact us. But China is a challenging area, just in terms of the overall global economy. And our revenue exposure there is somewhat small. But on the other hand we still are looking for growth opportunities in the Asia market.
Paul Coster: Okay. Great. Got it. And then my last question is on the halo products, which you referred to. Can you just talk to us what you mean by halo? I think, I can guess. But how does it mobilize the rest of the sort of product lineup and marketing? And what's the broader takeaway for us in terms of the technical approach to your business?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. The example we gave was Panoptix LiveScope, and as we've been mentioning since LiveScope was launched that it is disruptive technology. Marine people and fishermen view it as something that truly doesn't exist anywhere else, and so it casts a positive glow across the marine segment and additional pull-through sales of our other equipment as well. So that's what I call a halo product.
Paul Coster: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth of Tigress Financial Partners. Your line is now open.
Ivan Feinseth: Thank you for taking my call, and big congratulations on another great quarter and a great 2018.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth: My question is about Tacx. It's a really exciting acquisition. And can you give us some of the insight to how it came to be and then like your big picture view as far as distribution and branding and how it's going to be integrated and how their product lines could be integrated into Garmin?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we've been working to build relationships across the industry and we did reach out to Tacx and introduced ourselves and built a relationship with them. They're an awesome company. They're a family-owned company over generations. That's well-run, has a great product line and technology. They're vertically integrated, and so we felt like they were a great fit with our company as well. In terms of how we view them going forward, they have a great brand and it's a brand that we want to support and keep around for the long-term. And we intend to integrate them into our sales in our fitness area. Like I mentioned earlier, they have a strong offering for both indoor and outdoor cycling activities.
Ivan Feinseth: And like how will the products be available? Let's say in the U.S., for example, what will be the distribution channel?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we would anticipate the distribution would be through existing sports retailers. Already the product is available through REI. But there's an opportunity to expand Tacx distribution in the U.S. and Asia market. They're very strong in Europe, but less strong in the U.S. and Asia, so we'll be working to expand that distribution.
Ivan Feinseth: And what about like ramping up the exercise bike and the treadmill and integration? So you’re going to -- I mean, I assume you'll be integrating that to connect with -- monitor your heart and fitness with your smart wearable integrating the FIT Connect IQ App, and also software to monitor your workout? Are you also going to be, let's say, offering online or video classes similar to the Pendleton model?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I probably can't comment on specifics. But like I mentioned earlier, there's many different assets within Garmin and Tacx that we can now look at together and create a much more high fidelity and interesting experience for customers that go both outside and inside. So that's our goal and we have a lot of work ahead of us for sure.
Ivan Feinseth: Very good. Very exciting. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Ivan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nick Todorov of Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Nick Todorov: Hi. Thanks. And congratulations guys on a great execution, really great job.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Nick.
Nick Todorov: Question on -- Cliff you said that in fitness, I think, you said all of your categories experienced growth in the fourth quarter. Can you kind of give us some data on what portion of your fitness segment is now the basic trackers? Do you see some stabilization in that segment or the trend of switching to smartwatch is still intact?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So, we did see growth across all of our categories in fitness. The basic category has come down quite a lot as you imagine with the overall market. Where we saw growth was in unique products that we offer such as the hybrid analog smart devices vivomove HR as well as the kid trackers as well. But we see it as a solid category where we offer something unique, so that's where we're investing. And then the overall fitness categories outside of that in advance trackers, we're also strong for the year.
Nick Todorov: Okay. Thanks. And in the fitness guidance aside from the Tacx acquisition contribution you're seeing some really decent product refreshes. I know you don't speak about the upcoming launches, but can you share; at least, in what product line you expect the strongest product refresh on fitness?
Cliff Pemble: I think we have a strong roadmap across all of our lines, so we would expect during the year that we'll have refreshes across the entire portfolio.
Nick Todorov: Okay. And how are you thinking about ADS-B growth per se? Are you baking in any kind of a deceleration year-over-year due to capacity constraints? Or how are you thinking about capacity? Has the picture there changed? Are you seeing anything different?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, we're really not seeing anything different than what we reported midway through 2018. We do see that shop capacity appears to be a factor in limiting the growth of installs. And so on a percentage basis I would obviously represent a deceleration, but again, a lot of demand that still has to be worked through for the year. So, we're working as hard as we can to help our shops get through that and we'll continue to monitor and see how things go into the following year.
Nick Todorov: Okay, great. And last one for me. Doug, how should we think about free cash flow and CapEx in 2019?
Doug Boessen: Yes. So, we had a very strong free cash flow in 2018. The big piece of that was driven by operation, but also we did have some very strong working capital improvements year-over-year. I wouldn't expect to see those -- all of those working capital improvements year-over-year. So, probably for 2019, I'm estimating free cash flow around $675 million. And zoomed in that is about $150 million of CapEx which is a similar level that we had in 2018.
Nick Todorov: Okay, awesome. Thank you. Good luck guys.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, Cliff, Doug, Teri. Thanks for taking my question. Doug, where are you in the capacity expansion with -- in Olathe for aviation? What's left to do? And where is the utilization of that footprint today?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I'll probably comment on that Ben. This is Cliff. We are producing aviation products now in our new facility, so that part is up and running. We're still outfitting our distribution center with new equipment in order to turn that on, so we're not yet operating out of the distribution side of the new facility.
Ben Bollin: Okay. And as a follow-up. Longer term the company has executed really well in the broader aviation segment with OEMs. How would you characterize your objectives longer term with commercial opportunities? What's that process look like from start to finish? How long is kind of the training effort of the pilot? And how long is the ramp in spares inventory? I know it's very open-ended question. But could you walk us through what a win could look like or how you think that could translate to opportunity over time? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Our objective is to grow share across the whole segment including moving upstream in both business jets as well as getting our foot into the commercial side as well. We do already have some commercial opportunities that we're executing on in terms of some smaller pieces of equipment, but we continue to aspire to and work on additional opportunities to move upstream. It is more intensive activity as you can imagine. And in order to do that we have to invest in ourselves, in our team, in our capacity which are things that we've been doing over the course of the years now. And in terms of actually executing then of course we would have to achieve a very high level of service for our customers in terms of spares and general support for their operations. So these are all things that we're evaluating and making methodical investments in order to be ready.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thanks everyone. Doug and I are available for callbacks throughout the day. Have a good one. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd. Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd. Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.
Analysts: Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Presentation:
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in the listen-only mode. Later we'll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's call, Ms. Teri Seck, Manager of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited third quarter 2018 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. As a reminder, we adopted the new U.S. GAAP revenue standards in the first quarter 2018. The prior periods presented here have been restated to reflect adoption of this new standard. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross and operating margins, and future dividends, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by mentioning a couple of important milestones we recently celebrated. During the third quarter, we shipped our 200 millionth product, which is a testament to our ability to design, manufacture and sell unique applications of technology for active lifestyles. Equally as exciting, we started production in our new aviation manufacturing facility located in Olathe, Kansas. This new facility more than doubles our production capacity, allowing us to serve our growing aviation business for many years to come. Moving now to the quarterly results, earlier today Garmin reported strong third quarter consolidated revenue of $810 million, up 8% over the prior year. Marine, aviation, fitness and outdoor collectively increased 16% year-over-year and contributed 80% of total revenues. Gross margin improved to 59.4% compared to the prior year, operating income improved to $196 million, up 13% over the prior year. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $0.97, and pro forma EPS of $1 in the quarter. We are pleased with our performance in the first three quarters of 2018, and these strong results give us confidence to raise our full year EPS guidance. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes. But first, I'd like to provide a few brief remarks on the performance of our business segments. Starting with the marine segment, revenue increased 28% as we saw strong sales continue well into the summer boating season. Approximately half of the growth was organic, while the other half came from acquisitions. Gross and operating margins were 59% and 14% respectively. We recently announced our GPSMAP 8600 series of chartplotters. This is the first product line to use our new G3 maps, which combine the best of Garmin and Navionics content. We've been very intentional about investing in our marine segment and the industry is taking notice. For the fourth consecutive year, we were recognized by the National Marine Electronics Association as manufacturer of the year and Panoptix LiveScope won their prestigious technology award. We were also recognized as one of the top 10 most innovative marine companies in 2018 by Soundings Trade Only, which is a B2B news and information provider for the recreational boating industry. It's an honor to be recognized by the marine industry and we will continue to invest in this segment to maximize its potential. Turning next to aviation, revenue increased 17% driven by broad-based growth within this segment. Gross and operating margins increased to 76% and 35% respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 49% over the prior year. During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of FltPlan.com and have began integrating these new services into Garmin's existing apps. Also, we recently announced that our ADS-B solution was selected by Gulfstream for the G280 aircraft. Finally, we announced the teaming agreement with Bell to supply avionics for on-demand mobility vehicles. While this project is in its early stages, it's an important first step towards creating a viable urban air transport system. Turning next to the fitness segment, revenue increased 14% primarily driven by growth of our wearable products. Gross and operating margins were 54% and 20% respectively and operating income grew 12% over the prior year. During the third quarter, we launched the vívosmart 4, a slim smart activity tracker that includes a pulse ox sensor. In addition to providing blood oxygen saturation levels, this device also provides users with advanced sleep monitoring and a new Body Battery feature that helps individuals understand and manage their energy levels throughout the day. We also added Disney Princess and Marvel's Spider Man bands to our popular vívofit jr. product line along with new mobile app adventures. Turning next to the outdoor segment, revenue increased 13% on a year-over-year basis, driven primarily by growth in wearables. Gross and operating margins improved year-over-year to 65% and 38% respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 16%. We recently announced the integration of Spotify with the fēnix 5 Plus series and just this morning, the Forerunner 645 Music was added to the list of Spotify-compatible wearables. This gives our customers the ability to download Spotify playlists to the watch via the Spotify app, which is available from the Connect IQ store. The app is already proving to be very popular with customers. During its first full day of availability, Spotify set a record for the most downloads of a new app from our Connect IQ store. Finally, we recently announced Instinct, a rugged and reliable GPS smartwatch, designed to expand the market for outdoor wearables. Looking finally at the auto segment, revenues decreased 16% due to the ongoing decline of the PND market. Gross and operating margins declined year-over-year to 43% and 9% respectively. Our global market share position in the PND category remains very strong. We recently announced that we've been selected by the Chinese auto group, Geely, to provide camera and driving recorder systems beginning in model year 2020. This award demonstrates the progress we are making as a tier 1 auto supplier. In summary, we are pleased with our results in the first three quarters of 2018. In light of the strong third quarter results, we are making some adjustments to our guidance. We anticipate our fourth quarter revenue to be relatively flat on a year-over-year basis with full year revenue of approximately $3.3 billion and a gross margin of 58.5%. We are raising our full year operating margin to approximately 22% and lowering our full year pro forma effective tax rate to approximately 16%, resulting in pro forma earnings per share of approximately $3.45. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks Cliff. Good morning everyone. Let's begin by reviewing our third quarter financial results (09:06) comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $810 million for the third quarter, representing an 8% increase year over year. Gross margin was 59.4%, a 120-basis-point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 35.2%, consistent with the prior year. Operating income was $196 million, a 13% increase year-over-year. Operating margin was 24.2%, 110-basis-point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $0.97, pro forma EPS was $1, a 30% increase from the prior year. Next, look at our third quarter revenue by segment. During the quarter, we achieved 8% consolidated growth led by double-digit growth in four of our five segments. This growth was partially offset by decline in our auto segment as a result of continued decline in the auto PND business. Combined basis, marine, aviation, fitness and outdoor were up 16% compared to the prior-year quarter. Looking next at third quarter revenue and operating income. On a combined basis, marine, aviation, fitness, and outdoor segments contributed 80% of total revenue in the third quarter of 2018 compared to 74% in the prior-year quarter. Auto declined from 26% to 20%, while every other segment grew. Marine grew from 10% to 12%, and fitness grew from 22% to 24%. As you can see from the charts illustrate our profit mix by segment, combined basis, the marine, aviation, fitness and outdoor segments delivered 92% operating income in third quarter of 2018 compared to 89% in third quarter of 2017. The aviation and outdoor segments had year-over-year increase in both operating income dollars and operating margin. Looking next to operating expenses. Our third quarter operating expenses increased by $21 million, or 8%. Research and development increased $9 million year-over-year due to investments in engineering resources and recent acquisitions. Our advertising expense was down $1 million from the prior year quarter. SG&A was up $13 million compared to prior-year quarter, increased 60 basis points as a percentage of sales. The increase was primarily due to personnel related expenses, incremental costs associated with recent acquisitions. A few highlights on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.5 billion. Accounts receivable have decreased sequentially due to seasonal trends and increased year-over-year on stronger sales. Inventory balance increased on a sequential basis to $557 million to prepare for the seasonally strong fourth quarter. In the third quarter 2018, we generated free cash flow of $234 million, $81 million increase from the prior quarter. Also during the quarter, we paid dividends of $100 million. During the third quarter of 2018, we reported an effective tax rate of 8.5% compared to the effective tax rate of 20.5% in the prior-year quarter. The decrease in effective tax rate is primarily due to the benefits from U.S. tax reform, increased benefit from U.S. R&D tax credits. We expect our full year 2018 pro forma effective tax rate to be approximately 60%. This concludes our formal remarks. Miranda, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Charlie Anderson from Dougherty & Company. Your line is open.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Wittine from Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Operator: Our next question comes from Yuuji Anderson from Morgan Stanley.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.:
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.:
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Operator: Our next question comes from Ron Epstein from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.:
Ronald J. Epstein - Bank of America Merrill Lynch:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC:
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.:
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Operator: Our next question comes from Will Power from Baird. Your line is open.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co.:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co.:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co.:
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.:
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, everyone, and have a great day. Doug and I will be available for your calls the rest of the day. Thank you. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-01 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd. Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd. Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.
Analysts: Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brad Erickson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Julie, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Garmin Limited Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. And as a reminder, today' call is being recorded on August 1, 2018. Thank you. Teri Seck, you may begin.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited second quarter 2018 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. As a reminder, we adopted the new U.S. GAAP revenue standard in the first quarter of 2018. The prior periods presented here have been restated to reflect adoption of this new standard. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross and operating margins, and future dividends, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported strong second quarter consolidated revenue of $894 million, up 8% over the prior year. Fitness, marine, aviation and outdoor collectively increased 17% year over year and contributed 80% of total revenues. Gross margin improved to 58.5% compared to the prior year due to segment mix. Operating income improved to $218 million, up 4% over the prior year. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $1 and pro forma EPS of $0.99 in the quarter. We are pleased with our performance in the first half of 2018, and these strong results give us confidence to raise our full-year guidance. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes. But first, I'd like to provide a few brief remarks on the performance of our business segments. Starting with the fitness segment, revenue increased 24% driven by growth in advanced wearables and in cycling. Gross and operating margins were 56% and 23% respectively, and operating income grew 40% over the prior year. During the second quarter, we launched the vívoactive 3 music, expanding our music offerings into the advanced wellness category. We also launched new Edge cycling computers and the next-generation Varia radars targeting the cycling safety market. The basic activity tracker category continued to decline during the first half of 2018. However, the impact on our fitness segment was more than offset by growth in other categories. Looking forward, we believe, we are well-positioned in this segment, with a strong line-up of wearables and cycling products. Looking next at marine, revenue increased 24% as weather conditions improved and boats were brought out of storage for the season. Approximately half of the growth came from our recent acquisition of Navionics, while the other half was organic across multiple product categories. Gross and operating margins were 59% and 21% respectively, and operating income grew 14% over the prior year. During the quarter, we introduced Panoptix LiveScope, a sonar system that generates real-time images underwater. LiveScope was quickly recognized by the marine industry as disruptive new technology. At the recent ICAST sportfishing trade show, LiveScope won the award for Best New Electronics and received the prestigious award for Best of Show. We believe LiveScope is a game changer for the fishing market. Also during the quarter, we announced Sportsman Boats selected Garmin as their exclusive marine electronics supplier beginning with their 2019 model year boats. Sportsman is one of the fastest-growing boat companies in the U.S. market and it's an honor to be selected as their exclusive electronics provider. Looking forward, we are focused on product innovation and gaining share in the inland fishing category. Turning next to aviation, revenue increased 23%, driven by growth in both OEM and retrofit product categories. We experienced particularly strong growth in our ADS-B offerings and from recently introduced products such as the G5 indicator system, TXi displays, and GFC autopilots. Gross and operating margins remain strong at 74% and 34% respectively, resulting an operating income growth of 34% over the prior year. We were recently selected by Tactical Air Support to provide an integrated flight deck to their fleet of supersonic F-5 fighter aircraft. We also introduced the G3000H integrated flight deck for the Part 27 turbine helicopter market. As I mentioned earlier, ADS-B has been a significant driver of growth in our aviation business, with just under 18 months to go before the December 31, 2019 deadline we wanted to provide an update on the market development and how we see things playing out as the deadline approaches. According to the FAA as of July 1, 2018 approximately 59,000 aircraft have been equipped. The FAA has estimated that approximately 100,000 aircraft to 160,000 aircraft will eventually be equipped with ADS-B. Based on the more conservative estimate the market is just past the halfway point in the ADS-B cycle. There are a few key observations that we would like to share. First, significant opportunity remains in the ADS-B cycle. According to FAA estimates anywhere from 40,000 aircraft to 100,000 aircraft remain to be equipped. Interest in ADS-B is increasing and many customers are using the opportunity to refresh their panels with additional equipment. This enhances the growth opportunity for Garmin. Second shop capacity appears to be a limiting factor in ADS-B adoption. With a modest increase in shop capacity it is possible to reach the low-end of the FAA estimates by December 31, 2019 deadline. If shop capacity does not increase or if the final equipage level increases above the more conservative estimate, the opportunity would continue past the deadline. Finally, ADS-B is a significant opportunity that is only one of many that we are pursuing. To prepare for the future beyond the ADS-B cycle, we're investing in long-term opportunities such as gaining share in the OEM market, establishing a position in government and defense markets, and developing new product categories. In summary, we are pleased with the performance of our aviation business and we are optimistic about its future. Turning next to outdoor, revenue increased 4% on a year-over-year basis, driven by growth across all product categories. While this growth rate is below recent trends, we feel it is a remarkable accomplishment considering the strong growth we experienced in Q2 of 2017, driven by the initial channel fill of the fēnix 5 series. Gross and operating margins were 64% and 36% respectively. Late in the quarter, we launched the fēnix 5 Plus series, adding music, color maps and mobile payments to all three watch sizes. In addition, we expanded our sensor technology with the addition of Pulse Ox to the fēnix 5X Plus, providing blood and oxygen saturation awareness for athletes and outdoor enthusiasts. We also launched the inReach Mini, a compact versatile satellite communicator that can be used with other Garmin products paired with a smartphone or used as a standalone device. Looking forward, we are focused on opportunities in wearables and other product categories within the outdoor market. Looking finally at the auto segment, revenues decreased 19% due to the ongoing decline of the PND market. Gross and operating margins declined year-over-year to 42% and 7% respectively. Our global market share position in the PND category remains very strong. Looking forward, we are focused on disciplined execution to bring the desired level of innovation to the market and to maximize profitability in the segment. In summary, we are pleased with our results in the first half of 2018. In light of the strong performance, we are raising our projected revenue to $3.3 billion for the year, up about 6% over 2017. Gross margin is projected to be 58.5% for the year, which is unchanged from the previous estimate. Operating margin is projected to be 21.5%, which is a slight improvement over our previous guidance. Assuming a pro forma effective tax rate of approximately 17.5%, pro forma earnings per share is expected to be approximately $3.30. Looking at our annual revenue outlook by segment, we have increased our growth expectations for the fitness segment to 10% and the aviation segment to 18%. Outdoor and auto are unchanged, while the outlook for marine has been revised down slightly to 15%. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our second quarter financial results, including (11:15) comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $894 million for the second quarter, representing an 8% increase year over year. Gross margin was 58.5%, 30-basis-point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 34.2%, 120-basis-point increase from the prior year. Operating income was $218 million, a 4% increase year over year. Operating margin was 24.3%, 90-basis-point decrease from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $1 and our pro forma EPS was $0.99, a 9% increase from the prior year. Next, I'd like to look at our second quarter revenue by segment. During the quarter, we achieved 8% consolidated growth led by robust double-digit growth in our fitness, marine and aviation segments. This growth was partially offset by decline in our auto segment, which resulted a continued decline in the auto PND business. On a combined basis, fitness, marine, aviation, and outdoor were up 17% compared to the prior-year quarter. Looking next at second quarter revenue and operating income. On a combined basis, fitness, marine, aviation and outdoor segments contributed 80% of total revenue in the second quarter of 2018 compared to 73% in the prior-year quarter. Fitness grew from 22% to 25%, aviation grew from 15% to 17%, marine grew from 13% to 15%. As you can see from the charts, illustrate our profit mix by segment. On a combined basis the fitness, marine, aviation and outdoor segments delivered 94% operating income in the second quarter of 2018 compared to 84% in the second quarter of 2017. The fitness and aviation segments, year-over-year increase in both operating income dollars and operating margin. Looking next in operating expenses, second quarter operating expenses increased by $31 million, or 11%. Research and development increased $15 million year over year due to investments in engineering resources and recent acquisitions. Our advertising expense was up $2 million for the prior quarter was relatively flat as a percent of sales. SG&A was up $16 million compared to prior quarter, relatively flat as a percentage of sales. The increase was primarily due to personnel related expenses, incremental costs associated with recent acquisitions. Few highlights on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.4 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially and year over year to $533 million. Inventory balance decreased sequentially and year over year to $501 million as we exited the seasonally strong second quarter. During the second quarter of 2018, we generated free cash flow $157 million, a $28 million increase to the prior-year quarter. Also during the quarter, we paid dividends of $100 million. During the second quarter 2018, we reported an effective tax rate of 19.4% compared to the pro forma effective tax rate of 21.4% in the prior-year quarter. The decreased effective tax rate is primarily due to the benefits from U.S. tax reform. We expect our full-year 2018 pro forma effective tax rate to be approximately 17.5%. This concludes our formal remarks. Julie, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Joe Wittine from Longbow Research. Joe, your line is open.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Hey, good morning. Congrats on the results. In aviation, I appreciate the color Cliff, and we've heard of the tight capacity too. Can you just take it a step further and help us understand how this may play out in your reported results in 2019 and 2020? Like, let's say, the FAA's conservative scenario plays out, so the 100,000 total sales and you do get that modest increase in shop capacity to, let's say, allow the industry to meet a 100,000 by the end of 2019. So the question is would you still see healthy growth in 2019 versus 2018? And then if it were to drop off there and be "complete" at January 1, 2020 would that be enough of a drop off to potentially drive Garmin aviation down in 2020? Just a little more help taken into the model would be great, thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, I think just to shed some light on that specific category of ADS-B, it's only one category within our broader aviation segment. So if we just speak generally about that, I would say that with some additional shop capacity, of course that would drive additional sales in that category. As I mentioned in my remarks, there is a follow-through trend with customers adding additional equipment to their aircrafts when they bring in the aircraft in for work. A lot of times it makes sense to add other things that they want to have in the aircraft. So, we're seeing compounding effect from that, and we would expect that to continue as the mandate approaches. In terms of specific numbers around aviation for 2019 and 2020, we can't really provide specific color on that. As I said in my remarks, we're working on more than one opportunity. So, we believe that we have growth paths beyond the ADS-B cycle. And given what we see playing out with ADS-B, we do anticipate more of a soft landing than a hard cliff of revenues in terms of that category.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Perfect. Thanks. And I wanted to move to fitness where the numbers were very impressive. I think the product cycle is, obviously, your friend today, looking to the second half, should we anticipate, I don't want to say a pause, but simply an easing in the timing of new product introduction, especially in advanced wearables? Or do you have these things based out to the point, where you'd have us expect a "typical slate of new product announcements" into the holidays?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: We do have some additional announcements that will come in the back half of the year, but for the most part our product line-up is set. We do have a very refreshed product line-up this year. So, we feel good about our positioning and of course last year, we did have the introductions of some of our advanced wearables and new categories in wellness in the back half of the year. So, we're comping against that. The fitness market, you know, has shown that it has been a little more dynamic, so we're taking a more cautious view on the back half that we believe there's strong reason that our products and our business should perform well.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks. And then last one for me. Doug, can you help us on ad spend at all, especially modeling the second half here on a year-over-year basis. Your ad dollars were kind of flattish, a little bit up in the second quarter, but you're still down for the first half in total, so how will the second half look year-over-year, especially considering I think you pulled back some in last year's fourth quarter?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So as it relates to advertising, to give you a full year perspective on it. Yeah, we expect full-year advertising dollars to be relatively flat year-over-year as well as percentage of sales. So, second half will even out, so that we're basically a situation that will be flat, hopefully, for year-over-year.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yuuji Anderson from Morgan Stanley. Yuuji, your line is open.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much and good morning. My question is on the auto's guidance. It seems to imply some accelerated declines at the end of the year. So, hoping to get a little bit more color on that? And similarly, on that point, how should we think about the mix between PND and the other categories exiting the year?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So in terms of auto and as we – it's been our practice really for years as we do take a fairly conservative view of that given the situation of the market. We do see the ongoing decline of PND. During the quarter, we did experience strength in both truck and camera products, so we're offsetting some of those declines with new categories. And in terms of OEM, we are seeing some programs roll off like Chrysler and other new programs, which have not contributed yet, such as BMW. So, we'll see some ups and downs in the OEM portion of the contributions, but that's our outlook for the remainder of the year and then, of course, as we move into future years, we'll be able to update that as we see new programs coming on and as the categories change.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just a quick clarification on the prepared remarks for the outdoor segment there, with the guidance and it looks like there should be some acceleration off of Q2. Is that building in some additional product launches there? Thanks so much.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So in outdoor, we do have additional launches in the back half of the year, but for the most parts, our major categories are set. And I think we're right where we expected to be in the segment, and so that's why we left our guidance unchanged. Okay. Thank you. I guess, move on to the next question.
Operator: All right. Your next question comes from the line of Brad Erickson from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Brad, your line is open.
Brad Erickson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Just a few follow-ups here. First, on the fitness business, I guess it's kind of interesting, if you look at that business, it's like, I don't know $160 million or so higher than it was three years ago or so, margins seem to be tracking kind of in line though, or below where you were at those levels. Talk about just overall fixed cost leverage you start to get, particularly as you get some of these nice channel fill quarters, it seems like you've returned a little bit of margin expansion. Just what should be the expectation around fitness margins there?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, I think we've been targeting our margins around the mid upper 50s% and our operating margins in the low to mid-20s in the segment and as we see lumpiness around the seasonality as well as product launches, that can be up and down, but that's generally the long-term targets that we're shooting for.
Brad Erickson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then just on the aviation, do you have any sense – can you give us a sense rather of what's the attach rate that your resellers are seeing for when they're selling ADS-B with, say, other avionics products?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: I would say it's very high, probably close to all of them.
Brad Erickson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then lastly just around FX, it seem like that should have been maybe a bit of a tailwind to start the year, probably neutralize as it becomes a headwind. What's the – any clarity you can give us on the net benefit your – or headwind you're contemplating owed to FX for the year in the updated guidance? Thanks.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So for Q2, you're correct, there was a tailwind on revenue about the $20 million. And looking at the back half of the year, we expect very little, probably immaterial impact. The euro right now is pretty well consistent at what, I'll say, the average was sort of back half. So probably, it's everything stays the same as it is right now, a very little impact on the back half.
Brad Erickson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thank you.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Anderson from Dougherty & Company. Charlie your line is open.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on the strong start to the year.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: I wanted to ask you about geographic again, I know I asked this last quarter, but Asia was very strong, again I wonder if there were any particular geos you could call out there that are doing well? And is that a sense where you're building there and you're in sort of an expansion phase or just kind of roughly what's going on there? And then also in Europe, it seems like there was one geo that slowed down. It was Europe a little bit, so wondered if you could maybe unpack, what's going on there? And then I've got a follow-up.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So in Asia, there are some larger countries that are driving some growth there, particularly China and Japan have been superstars in terms of the overall APAC market that there are other markets as well that are doing very well. In terms of the Europe dynamic, I think our year-to-date performance there can be completely attributed to the fēnix effect from last year. They were super strong in their launch of fēnix from last year and they had almost really as a whole quarter of Q2 to be able to launch fēnix 5. This year, we announced the fēnix 5 with less than two weeks to go in the quarter. So consequently, they had very little opportunity in terms of their channel fill as compared to other markets. So I think the dynamics there can be completely attributed to fēnix.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Got it. And then on the fitness, it's going to be up 10% in the year. I wonder to what degree do we attribute that to ASP relative to units? And I wonder, as you move to these higher-end wearables, does it feel like that's a multi-year trend or just kind of roughly how do you look at that going forward in terms of consumers willing to sort of pay up for more features? Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, definitely, the dynamic of the market is that customers are stepping up for more capability and for unique offerings like what we have. And so there's definitely an increase in the ASP that we see there. But we also see growth in units as well as we had super strong performance in our advanced wearables category. Okay?
Operator: Pardon me. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Ben, your line is open.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. Could you talk a little bit, going back to fitness, were there any unique items in the quarter? Did you continue to see some selling benefits for Forerunner 645? Are you seeing any further box expansion or linear square foot expansion in your existing partners?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, we did announce the vívoactive 3 music and that product seemed to have been received well in terms of its unique design and capabilities adding to the vívoactive line of music. So that was one dynamic. In terms of overall distribution, I think for the most part our distribution is pretty well set. Although, we see some countries in some areas, some markets improving incrementally but for the most part it's what has been for a while.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great. And then within fitness in the press release you talked about the potential for more high-end wearables or more high-end features in that product category. What is your assessment of what those characteristics or features are, what makes it a high-end wearable? And then last item would be, have you seen any benefits from TomTom exiting the market in the first half? And how do you think that opportunity could play out in the back half? Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: So in terms of customer preferences they do seem to be moving towards products with more features. It seems like smart features are table stakes if you will. Customers like the sensor technology and especially the additional features that that we bring to the table such as stress monitoring and sleep tracking. And then just in general, I think our products are very strong around the GPS side and the position, location focus of our watches, which make them very strong in the active lifestyles. Music, payments and maps are certainly adding to that. So, we see those as all positive points for the customer. In terms of shifts in the competitive landscape, I would say, you know in terms of TomTom to exit, there's probably some effect, depending on the country that you talked about. Some countries still report that there is strong inventory of competitive products in the market and so those areas probably haven't changed as much well as others. The channel is pretty much flushed through and so that does lead to increased opportunities for our products.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth from Tigress Financial. Ivan, your line is open.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Thank you. Congratulations on another great quarter and thank you for taking my questions.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: I have questions in three areas. First, congratulations on the F-5 win, can you give us some idea of the number of units and the price of that product?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. In terms of number of units, of course, you know these are very specialized aircrafts, so it's a small quantity, but we view it as a stepping stone into that market and it shows the capability of our cockpit systems to be able to be used in a very advanced specialized application like the F-5. In terms of our shipset prices, we can't talk about those details, but again, we're very excited about the opportunity and we believe that will be a stepping stone for us into more.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Okay. That's why I thought do you have – can you give us some color on some other potential wins in the pipeline?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: In terms of things that haven't been announced like, we can't speak to those. Definitely there are a lot of exciting opportunities that are coming that have been announced. For instance, the Longitude is in its final stages of certification. Also, we have positions on the Cessna SkyCourier and the Denali as well.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Very good. Also, on your infotainment platform, can you give us any progress on potential OEM adoption?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. We're very encouraged by what we see in the deal pipeline and we believe that we'll have additional news to share this year in terms of more customers.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: And I just have one last area, I see recently expanded the sleep monitoring function in the Connect app to work with your wearables. And I know that you had announced a partnership with University of Kansas to focus on sleep apnea. Are there some – did that come from some of that progress, or will you be expanding (30:28)? Can you give us some insight into what's happening with the research relationship there?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. We believe that our sensor technology shows a lot of promise in being able to play in the light medical device market. And so, participating in these studies is one way to start verifying the technology and proving that it can be used for certain applications. That's a long pathway in terms of our development there. It involves qualification of the product and certification of the product with various FDAs around the world. But it's a step in towards a growth opportunity in the future.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Yeah, I really like that, because sleep is probably the next frontier in improving health. And I also like the new oxygen sensor in the fēnix 5 Plus. So, congratulations, again, and thanks for taking my calls.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Ivan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine from Longbow Research. Joe, your line is open.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Thank you. No one wants to ask a fēnix question. I will. Can you talk us through what you've seen so far for Plus? So how does the launch compare to the F5 launch? And are there any interesting insights you've gathered on the current mix of Plus versus fēnix 5 purchases? It seems like you'll be selling them side by side?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, so early days, but we're very encouraged by what we see in terms of the market feedback, and the real-time information we get as people register their products. I think out of the gate, the higher-end versions, the fēnix 5X Plus have been very strong. And we're starting to see the momentum gather around the other versions as well.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Can you say how the channel fill will compare to the channel fill for the fēnix 5, which is pretty substantial in the last year's second quarter? Will it be a little bit smaller, because you'll be selling them side by side or not necessarily?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, definitely, there's the factor that that a very competent product is side by side with the fēnix 5 Plus, there's no question about that. We will use that in terms of our overall strategy in the market, in terms of pricing, the two different versions. But that said, it's still very early days with only just literally days in the back half of the quarter that that we had to ship products. We were very pleased with our overall contribution from the fēnix 5 Plus.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Understood. Thanks, Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Teri Seck.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, everyone. Doug and I will be available for callbacks today. Have a great day.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-02 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd. Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd. Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.
Analysts: Nikolay Todorov - Longbow Research LLC Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Brad Erickson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC William V. Power, CFA - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin's First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be provided at that time. And now I'd like to turn the conference over to Teri Seck. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's first quarter 2018 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. As a reminder, we adopted the new U.S. GAAP revenue standard in the first quarter of 2018. The prior periods presented here have been restated to reflect the adoption of this new standard. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, gross and operating margins, and future dividends, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of the risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you, Teri and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today Garmin recorded record revenue for the first quarter of 2018 with double digit growth in revenue, profit and EPS. Consolidated revenue came in at $711 million, up 11% over the prior year. Outdoor, fitness, aviation, and marine collectively increased 18% year-over-year and contributed 80% of total revenues. Gross margin improved year-over-year to 60% due to segment and product mix. Operating margin improved to 20% while operating income increased 22%. This resulted in GAAP and pro forma EPS of $0.68 with pro forma EPS growth of 31% over the prior year. We're pleased with our first quarter results, which delivered growth in revenue, profits, and earnings since Q1, represents the lowest seasonal quarter of our financial year, and much of the year remains ahead of us, we are maintaining the guidance issued in February. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes. But first, I'll provide a few remarks on our performance in each business segment. Starting with outdoor, revenue increased 24% on strong demand for outdoor wearables. Segment generated strong growth in operating margins of 65% and 30% respectively, while operating income grew 27% over the prior year. During the quarter, we began shipping the Descent dive watch, Descent brings innovation to the dive computer market by combining smartwatch utility with dive computer functions for the underwater adventure. Descent has been well received and we are excited for the opportunities we have in this new product category. Also, we recently announced the tactix Charlie, a tactical themed smartwatch, with unique features such as night vision compatibility and Jumpmaster mode for skydivers. Looking next to fitness, revenue increased 20% percent driven primarily by growth in the advanced wearable category. Gross margin improved to 58% due to product mix. Operating income improved to 20% resulting in operating income growth of 81%. During the quarter, we began shipping the Forerunner 645M, our first GPS running watch with integrated music and mobile payments. We recently announced several new cycling products including the Edge 130 and the Edge 520 Plus. The Edge 130 is an entry level cycling computer packed with features and the Edge 520 Plus offers advanced mapping and navigation capabilities. We also announced the Varia RTL510, the latest in our series of products that focus on cycling safety. We hosted our second annual Connect IQ Developer Summit bringing together application developers and business partners to participate in hands-on workshop with our product managers and our engineers. The momentum behind Connect IQ is accelerating with more than 54 million Connect IQ downloads to more than 8 million compatible devices shipped since inception. And finally just yesterday, we announced the collaboration with the University of Kansas Medical Center on multiple research projects exploring the use of wearable technology for the early detection of under reported health conditions such as sleep apnea and atrial fibrillation. Turning next to aviation, revenue increase 19%, driven by broad based strength across the market. Gross and operating margins remained strong at 75% and 33% respectively resulting in operating income growth of 25% over the prior year. During the quarter we started delivering on new TXi flight decks including a version for the helicopter market. We also announced the first flight of the Citation XLS with the G5000 integrated avionics suite. This represents a significant step forward on our path to certification. Looking next at the marine segment revenue increased 9% driven by our recent acquisition of Navionics excluding Navionics our revenue was essentially flat year-over-year due to unfavorable weather conditions that have delayed the start of the boating season and due to the challenging comparison to first quarter of 2017 when our marine segment grew 26%. Gross margin improved to 59% while operating margin declined to 12%. During the quarter we announced the GCV 20 an ultra-high definition sonar offering, higher resolution imaging at greater depths. Also we were selected as the exclusive Marine Electronics supplier to the Independent Boat Builders cooperative known as IBBI. IBBI is the boating industry's largest purchasing cooperatives and is comprised of a 19 member network of leading brands. Beginning in 2019, members of the IBBI will get direct access to our full line of Marine Electronics. Looking finally at the auto segment revenues were down 12% for the quarter due to the ongoing decline of the PND market partially offset by growth in niche product lines. Gross margin was 43% while operating margin was 2%. During the quarter we announced the next generation diesel T&D for trucks which uses dash camera technology to provide enhanced driver alerts. That concludes my remarks, next Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our first quarter financial results, then move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $711 million for the first quarter, representing 11% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 60%, 190 basis point increase from the prior year, driven by segment and product mix. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 40%, consistent with the prior year. Operating income was $142 million, a 22% increase year-over-year. Operating margin was 20%, 100 basis point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP pro forma EPS was $0.68. Next, looking at our first quarter revenue by segment. In the first quarter we achieved a record first quarter revenue of $711 million. Consolidated revenue grew 11% led by double-digit growth in three of our five segments, both the outdoor and fitness segment grew over 20% for the quarter. On a combined basis outdoor, fitness, aviation and marine were up 18% compared to the prior year quarter. Looking next, first quarter revenue and operating income charts. Collectively, the outdoor, fitness, aviation, marine segments contributed 80% of total revenue in the first quarter of 2018 compared to 75% in the prior year quarter. Fitness grew from 22% to 23% and outdoor grew from 18% to 20%. You can see from the charts illustrating our profit mix by segment, outdoor, fitness, aviation, and marine segments collectively contributed 98% of operating income in the first quarter of 2018 compared to 94% in the first quarter of 2017. Outdoor, fitness, aviation segments each had year-over-year increase in both operating income dollars and operating margin. Looking next to the operating expenses, our first quarter operating expenses increased by $29 million or 11%. Research and development increased $20 million year-over-year due to investments in engineering resources and recent acquisitions. Advertising expense decreased $7 million year-over-year representing 3.5% of sales, 150 basis point decrease. The decrease was primarily due to lower media spend and lower co-op expense. SG&A was up $50 million compared to the prior quarter increased 60 basis points percent of sales (10:11) to 16.5%. Increase was primarily due to personnel related expenses, incremental costs associated with recent acquisitions partially offset by lower litigation related expenses. Few highlights on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.4 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially or (10:35) $10 million following on the seasonally strong fourth quarter. Our inventory balance increased on a sequential year-over-year basis to prepare for the seasonally strong second quarter. In the first quarter of 2018, we generated free cash flow of $188 million, $93 million increase from the prior quarter, we benefited from working capital improvements. Also in the quarter, we paid dividends of $96 million. In the first quarter of 2018, we reported an effective tax rate of 16% compared to a pro forma effective tax rate of 21.2% in the prior year quarter. Decrease in effective tax is primarily due to benefits from the U.S. tax reform and the impact of the (11:15) release of reserves. This concludes our formal remarks. James, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Yes, sir. Our first question comes from Joe Wittine with Longbow. Your line is open.
Nikolay Todorov - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. This is Nick Todorov on behalf of Joe. Congrats on a great quarter, guys. Really good job!
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Nikolay Todorov - Longbow Research LLC: Since you don't guide the quarter, I think it will be helpful if you can walk through which areas of the business were ahead of your expectations, I guess what was the biggest surprise?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well we don't really provide information on our expectations by segment other than the basic guidance that we've earlier laid out. So I think quarter by quarter, we have a lot of seasonality in our business and also cadence of our product releases and so that can create certainly ups and downs in terms of the overall yearly averages.
Nikolay Todorov - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Understood and in outdoor, the data we track on fēnix showed surprising strength throughout the first quarter even though you had to fill the – anniversary (12:43) the fēnix 5 launch. I'm just curious is that strength surprising you? Can give us some color on its performance?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well I think we didn't start delivering the fēnix 5 until late in the first quarter of 2017 and so consequently much of Q1 of 2018 was not comping against that initial fill-in and Q2 was our biggest fill-in quarter in fēnix 5.
Nikolay Todorov - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Got it. And on fitness, are you seeing any changes in the trajectory for basic trackers and is it safe to assume that basic trackers are now less than a quarter of your fitness segment?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: I think the general trend for basic trackers, continues as we have been remarking and as the market has been demonstrating, there is pockets of strengths geographically and also by product lines that we have, but generally we see a downward trend to that in terms of breaking that out as a percentage of sales of fitness, we don't do that.
Nikolay Todorov - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Got it. Thanks, guys, and good luck.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Nick.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Clark with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, great. Thanks a lot. First question on the aviation business, I'm wondering if you can give a little bit more detail, you talked about kind of broad based strength, but it looked like in that quarter there were a number of certifications or deliveries. So if you can give maybe a little bit more detail on kind of aftermarket versus OEM and in particular the strength of the pipeline for certifications?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. So, I think we saw broad strength in retrofit and OEM product lines. I think there's a lot of data on the overall situation with OEMs and I think they're seeing some incremental improvements in their business although it's a low-single-digit. For us, I think it's a matter of product mix – the products that we're delivering as opposed to the general market, the small and medium size airplanes as well as single-engine airplanes are doing well. And also on the retrofit side, we're seeing general strength due to the ADS-B mandate which is also pulling in additional equipment purchases as people upgrade their panels.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. And then my other question was actually back on outdoor, you had mentioned – lapping of the launch of the fēnix 5 and the selling in the second quarter of 2017. So, two questions. How do you think the business trends for the rest of the year given that the comps get more difficult? And secondly, any visibility into what the refresh on that product looks like, is it a one year cadence or two year cadence or anything touching on new solutions in the fēnix lineup?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Definitely, we have a much more difficult comparison through the remainder of the year because of the fēnix 5 launch. So we're expecting that and that's reflected in our outlook. In terms of product refresh I can't comment on the specific timing, but we do have a very active roadmap across our segments including in outdoor and so we expect more product releases throughout the remainder of the year.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: All right. Great thanks a lot, guys.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham. Your line is now open.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. I just wanted to clarify that the guidance for all of the segments remains unchanged is that correct?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. We're basically reiterating what we outlined before.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. And I guess you spoke to the fitness category, the plus 20% comp in the first quarter, but you're basically guiding for that to be I guess down in aggregate for the remainder of the year and that's because of the tougher comps with the fēnix. Is that fair?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, fitness is really driven by other tougher comps we had significant selling of new products in Q4 of 2017 and so that's a factor and then we also have the issue of the ongoing decline of the basic activity trackers which we're factoring into our overall outlook.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. And then the margins in auto were a little lighter than we've seen recently. Was there anything unusual in the mix in auto this quarter? I'm just wondering how we should think of those margins as we go through the year maybe any bounce off the 1Q levels?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: No, I would say it was mostly just some general variance that we would see, especially with lighter sales as we did some promotions and things that could have impacted the overall margin level but we would generally expect mid-40s kind of gross margins. We would expect the operating margins to come up, because Q1 is the seasonally lowest quarter and we should be in a much better position Qs – Q2 through Q4 with more sales leverage.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it, that makes sense. And then finally on the tax rate, I think you guided 19% for the year but you came in at 16%, are we still thinking that 19% is the right tax rate for the full year?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Oh, yes. We still stay with our full year 19%. Part of the 16% there were some reserve releases there, so – maybe some lumpiness in the quarters depending on how those reserve releases that come out. But 19% is still our full year rate that we're anticipating.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks. Thanks for the clarification. Nice job on the quarter, gentlemen.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Rich.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yuuji Anderson with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. A quick one on outdoors. How did the other products besides fēnix do in Q1? Is there anything to call out there in terms of – a specific product that might have surprised the upside there?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, I think in terms of surprise, no, I think we are doing very well with our inReach business both hardware and subscription base so that provide us some additional boost to the segment as well. But beyond that everything was pretty much in line with what we would have expected.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. And then on aviation when we think about seasonality and sequential growth for the rest of the year, should it be kind of similar to what we saw last year or is there something you would call out last year or this year that would make them kind of unique?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, aviation doesn't really have the seasonality that many of our other markets do, but we would generally expect that our business would follow the trends in the industry and also be driven by these upside opportunities with ADS-B.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And if I could just do one more follow-up on aviation just and I think this was alluded to one of the previous questions, how much of visibility do you have on the OEM side of things just with some of the positive data points we see out there. Is there a probability that things might actually accelerate to the end of the year or do you think not materialize that quickly there? Thanks so much taking my questions (19:49).
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, I think there is a – excuse me, there's definitely a long supply chain in aviation. And so the rapid moves in terms of growth are probably a little bit more challenging. I think the remarks that some of our partners have already made on the state of the industry really reflect how we would view it as well.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks so much.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Erickson with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Brad Erickson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Thanks. So, first, just curious on marine, understand the weather seems to play a role there, but doesn't necessarily fit with some of the other public companies that have reported in the space. Results seem to have been better, frankly. So wondering if fuel pricing is weighing on things, are there other factors that may be going on that are weighing on marine that we should be considering?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, some of the boat builders have reported that their business was slightly down in the quarter and I think weather is definitely a real thing, when people are thinking about bringing out their boats and there's feet of snow outside that's a little bit challenging. So we believe that the start of the season was impacted. And the other thing that I mentioned in my remarks is that last year, we are comping against the significant growth of 26% which the season kind of started earlier last year. So there's a little bit of variance in terms of how the seasonality has gone, but we would expect that Q2 should be stronger.
Brad Erickson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And then Doug, can you just remind us what the original guidance contemplated in terms of the euro FX rate. And then, may have missed that in the press release, but if you could provide just any – what the FX tailwind was in Q1, that'd be great?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. The Q1 – the tailwind was about $30 million and basically for our guidance we're assuming roughly the current euro rates.
Brad Erickson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. And then one last one if I could I guess just historically and not updating your guidance after Q1 I think you've always said in the press release and I may have missed this in the prepared remarks that it's because of seasonally lowest part of the year you're simply not updating whereas this time you're reiterating should we discern any difference between those two messages?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: No. No.
Brad Erickson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. That's all. Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Yeah. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. Could we start with – within fitness when you look at Forerunner 645 how much sell-in benefit do you think you saw in 1Q. Is it readily available at this point or is there any more sell-in benefit into 2Q and then a couple of brief follow ups?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: I think 645 is a great new product launch and we did see some benefit from the sell-in phenomenon. We're basically now waiting to see how things go with the sell-through. So I would say at this point we're probably pretty much caught up in terms of overall sell-in.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. On the advertising numbers, Doug, you mentioned down year-over-year on I think some lower co-op figures and lower media spend. Is there anything different in how you think about advertising at this point through the course of the year? Does it get back to normal? Is this the new normal? What's the right way to think about that line item?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, Ben. I'll maybe comment on that, I would say that as our product mix and as the market has evolved we're fine tuning our approach. So we were able to take some benefit in Q1, we would expect that we would probably have similar to 2017 in Qs – Q2, Q3, Q4 in terms of our overall advertising.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. And my last items, looking at the aviation business what's your characterization of the aviation retrofit capacity today, how much – do you any thoughts on backlog or how utilized these guys are? What percent of the fleet, do you think, has migrated ADS-B and how are the capacity expansion plans progressing with the aviation build up and I'll cede the floor? Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, I would say that the shop capacity is constrained. Right now we're seeing increasing lead times that shops are reporting when customers are coming in, looking for options to upgrade their airplanes. I think the availability of the technicians is definitely a factor and then just overall the number of shops and their general floor space capacity is a challenge. That said, people are still getting in, people are making appointments and they're starting to realize that it's definitely time to upgrade. In terms of percentage of fleet, I would – it's a little bit hard to specifically quantify it. We believe we're roughly 50% through the fleet. People that will upgrade and there will be some tail laggers (24:55) that probably spillover past 2020 or into 2020 as they perhaps sunken into (25:02) the shop or maybe they don't think they need to upgrade until they try flying in the new environment.
Operator: Thank you.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company. Your line is now open.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions and my congrats on a strong start to the year as well.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Charlie.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: So APAC was really strong year-over-year maybe the strongest we've seen in a few years. I wonder if there were any specific cause there in terms of any geographic expansion, door counts or were there any specific products that did well in APAC? And then, I've got a follow up.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Okay. Yeah. So, APAC definitely is growing from a smaller base. So the growth numbers are higher. They're doing very well in the wearable areas. Several countries are very strong in terms of wearables. And in that market the – even many categories in the fitness area including basic trackers are doing well.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And then, Navionics, I wonder if there was any more specificity to give there on the Q1 impact both on revenue and OpEx? And then, Doug, are we still on track for the CapEx number you outlined earlier?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: So, regarding Navionics, as Cliff mentioned, majority of the marine growth was due to Navionics. And I also we're on track with that and it was accretive in the first quarter. In relating to CapEx, no adjustments to free cash flow or CapEx forecast at this time.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ronald Epstein with Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey. Good morning, guys. It's Kristine Liwag for Ron. If recovery continues to gain momentum for light and medium-sized jets and we see more orders for Textron jets, what's your ability to ramp up production? And then, also how should we think about incremental operating margins excluding mix in that business?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, we think we are very flexible in ramping up our capacity. We're currently investing approximately $200 million to more than double our production capacity for aviation. So, we're ready to serve when OEMs need to increase their forecasts.
Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And the incremental operating margins?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Incrementally, I would say that as we grow with market growth, I would say we would get leverage as we bring on new aircraft platforms. We would need resources to be able to certify and develop the equipment for those aircrafts. So we may have to continue to invest some portion of that back into the business.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Great. And then how do you think about capital deployment today and what are your priorities for uses of cash?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, just the cash, our priorities first of all related to reliable (27:57) dividend. We're closer to increasing our dividend this year. Second of which is investments back in the business similar to the expansion we have here at Olathe (28:06) facilities and then strategic acquisitions such as the Navionics and DeLorme acquisitions in the past.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi, thanks. This is Paul Chung on for Coster. Thanks for taking my questions. So just on overall units coming down year-on-year but your kind of blended ASPs up to around $240. Is this more of a function of aviation contribution or broad price increases across your portfolio? Looks like outdoor and fitness gross margins were up and you did mention shift towards advanced wearables. Can you just comment on the dynamics there and what do you expect ASPs to trend for the rest of the year and which particular segment you're seeing the most pricing power?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, to say the best way to understand that is simply segment and product mix across a very diverse and large set of product segments. So, on one hand on the very low end, the basic activity trackers are down and on the other hand, we have growth in many of our other segments. So there's probably not a lot that you can read into the number other than segment and product mix.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Will Power with Baird. Your line is now open.
William V. Power, CFA - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc: Oh, great thanks, yeah. Maybe just starting on fitness. I know you've mentioned the new Edge product, just want to clear. Those will hit sell-in (29:47) in Q2 is that correct. And then just on – thinking about fitness gross margins, is this – given the continued shift towards advanced wearables is this kind of high 50 range is that a sustainable range kind of moving forward?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So Edge products were Q2 – those were announced and delivered basically simultaneously. In terms of fitness gross margin definitely we would see a trend upward as the lower margin activity trackers decline. But at the same time, we do want to caution that that the overall segment is competitive so we want to be able to promote our products and be able to maintain market share as well.
William V. Power, CFA - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc: Okay and then then Doug on free cash flow, strong results in the quarter. Any updated thoughts as to how to think about free cash flow for the full year?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, Q1 came in strong on free cash flow primarily due to some working cap improvements especially in the accounts receivable standpoint. And right now we're keeping our same guidance for the full year to $560 million (30:56) right now.
William V. Power, CFA - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial. Your line is now open.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Thank you. Congratulations on another great quarter and thank you for taking my call.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Can you go into a little a little more detail on the Connect IQ – the recent conference, and like year-over-year how much was the attendance up also year-over-year how many more apps around there and what is your vision to create an e-commerce, say, I know that, all the apps are free, but some of the app developers for an example, they will allow you to pay them if you like the app, do you see a more formalized process and what is the process to bring in some more commercial developers of apps to the platform?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, in terms of the conference, we did see a significant growth in the number of attendees this year. We had 127 attendees that came for the attendees that we had last year, more than half of them returned to come to the conference again. And so we received a lot of positive remarks about the usefulness of the summit to them and the ability to answer their technical questions and to provide feedback to us on our product roadmap. So, we felt really good about it and something that we believe is helping us gain more momentum. In terms of the features we rolled out, we rolled out features around messaging, around music, and also mapping, but we also work with our developers to give them a way to monetize their app. So that's something that they will be able to control on their end and there's not as much infrastructure required on our end, but we do have the hooks in place now for them to be able to do that.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Very good. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. As I show no further questions in queue, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you, James. That concludes our earnings call for this quarter. Doug and I are available for callbacks. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's call. Thank you very much for your participation. You may all disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-21 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Seck - Manager, Investor Relations Cliff Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Boessen - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Charlie Anderson - Dougherty and Company Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs Joe Wittine - Longbow Research Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley Rob Spingarn - Credit Suisse Ben Bollin - Cleveland Research Brad Erickson - KeyBanc Capital Markets Will Power - Robert W. Baird Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners Kristine Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Garmin’s Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Later we will conduct the question-and-answer Session and instructions to be given at that time [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Teri Seck. You may begin.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our Web site. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, growth and operating margins, and future dividend, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of the risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As we announced earlier today, we delivered another quarter of revenue and profit growth. Revenue grew 3% on a consolidated basis. Combined revenue from outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness increased 9%, and represented 78% of our revenue in the holiday quarter. Gross margin improved year-over-year to 56% due to favorable shifts in both segment and product mix. Operating margin improved to 20%, resulting an operating income growth of 12%. These strong results generated GAAP EPS of $0.73 and pro forma EPS of $0.79 in the quarter. Looking briefly at our full year performance, 2017 was our second consecutive year of revenue and operating income growth. I believe this is a remarkable achievement considering the challenges that we faced. The PND market continued its decline as it is done for nearly a decade. In addition, the basis activity tracker market rapidly matured and left additional gaps to fill. We filled these gaps and more because of the strength and diversity of our business. Revenue increased 2% over 2016 to nearly $3.1 billion. Combined revenue from outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness increased 9% and generated 90% of our operating income. Growth in operating margins improved to 58% and 22% respectively while operating income grew 7%. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $3.68 and pro forma EPS of $2.94. Pro forma EPS grew 4% over the prior year. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first, I want to highlight that Garmin was recently included in the Forbes Global 2000 world's best employers list, placing 430th out of more than 300,000 companies that were surveyed. We also were ranked 41st in the Forbes Just 100 Americas best corporate citizens list. This ranking considered Company’s focus on seven metrics, including producing quality goods, treating customers well, minimizing environmental impact, supporting the communities we operate in, commitment to ethical and diverse leadership and treating our workers well. We are honored by this recognition and I want to thank all of our employees for your strong commitment to our mission and values which made this recognition possible. Next I’ll highlight 2017 performance and 2018 outlook for each of our five segments. Starting with Outdoor, revenue increased 28% on strong demand for Outdoor wearables and growth in inReach subscription services. The segment posted gross and operating margins of 64% and 36% respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 36% over the prior year. Looking back on 2017, our fēnix line of adventure watches continued to show strong momentum, driven by the new fēnix 5 series. There are many positive things that we can say about this product line, but one I’d like to highlight is that the variety of sizes and styles offered in the fēnix 5 family has successfully broadened our customer base. In particular, the majority of customers registering fēnix 5S devices are women, which was a previously underrepresented demographic in our fēnix customer base. As we have mentioned in the past, our Connect IQ application platform has become an important differentiator for our smart wearables. Connect IQ now offers more than 3,500 apps, widgets and watch faces, and has generated over 45 million downloads since inception, approximately half of which occurred in the past year. To further promote the power and utility at Connect IQ, we will host our second annual developers’ conference in mid April, offering workshops and tools that our developers can use to leverage the Garmin wearable ecosystem. Looking ahead, we anticipate revenue in the Outdoor segment will increase approximately 13% in 2018. We anticipate the growth will be driven primarily by the fēnix series and supported by growth in other product categories within the segment. Turning next to aviation. We reported solid revenue growth of 14% with revenues exceeding $500 million for the first time in our history, growth was broad based in both aftermarket and OEM product categories. Growth in operating margins were strong at 74% and 31% respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 23% for the year. In recent developments, Textron Aviation announced that the new Cessna Sky Courier aircraft will be equipped with the Garmin G1000NXI system. We are excited to expand our partnership with Textron Aviation and look forward to supporting the certification and delivery of this new aircraft. Last week, we announced that our D2 Charlie Aviation Watch was selected by the United States’ Air Force for use by pilots of the Lockheed U-2 aircraft. The D2 Charlie will provide unique benefits, such as pressure alerts and glanceable navigation information on the wrist. Our aviation team has a strong commitment to delivering quality and service to our customers. As evidence of that commitment, we received two Supplier of The Year Awards for technical support to operators and for electric and electronic systems at the recent 2017 Embraer Suppliers conference. This is a significant accomplishment considering the scope and complexity of Embraer’s operations and the high expectations that their suppliers must meet. Also for the fourteenth consecutive year, Garmin was ranked number one in Avionic support by professional pilot magazine and by Aviation international news. I congratulate our team on earning these awards, which is a testament to the quality of Garmin equipment and the amazing way our associates care for our customers. Looking ahead, we anticipate revenue in the aviation segment will increase approximately 13% in 2018. We anticipate broad-based growth across both OEM and aftermarket product categories due to improving market conditions, contributions from new products and platforms and opportunities related to the ADS-B mandate. Looking next at the Marine segment, revenue grew 13%, driven by growth in chartplotters, fishfinders and contributions from our recent Navionics acquisition. Gross margin improved to 57% while operating margin declined 13% due to litigation related costs. At the Miami Boat Show, we announced that Sea Hunt Boat Company, one of the top selling saltwater boat brands in the United States, is now offering Garmin electronics in their line of watercraft. We are excited by the opportunity to serve Sea Hunt and their customers. We are entering 2018 with a broad portfolio of strong products and technologies. We anticipate revenue in the marine segment will increase approximately 18%, consisting of both organic growth as well as growth from our recent Navionics acquisition. Turning next to fitness, revenue declined 7%, driven by the rapidly maturing market for basic activity trackers, partially offset by growth in advanced variables and our children's line of activity trackers. Gross and operating margins was 55% and 19% respectively. Gross margin improved due to product mix while operating margin declined from the prior year. In 2018, we are targeting revenue to be flat in the fitness segment as growth in advance variables, cycling and children's trackers it is offset by further declines in basic activity trackers. Looking finally at the Auto segment, revenues were down 15% for the full year as expected due to the ongoing decline in the PND market. However, our global market share remains very strong. Gross and operating margins were 44% and 9% respectively. While the downward trend of the consumer PND market is well understood, we see incremental growth opportunities in certain product categories, including trucking, RV and cameras. We are focused on maximizing profits in this segment while leveraging these opportunities. Looking at 2018, we expect revenue to decline approximately 17%, driven by the ongoing decline in the PND market. We remain focused on disciplined execution to bring pragmatic innovation to the market and to maximize profitability in the segment. In summary, we are entering 2018 with a strong product line up and we see many opportunities ahead. With this in mind, we are projecting revenue of approximately $3.2 billion, up 3% year-over-year as growth in outdoor, aviation, marine is partially offset by ongoing declines in the Auto segment. We are projecting improved gross margin of approximately 58.5%, operating margin of approximately 21% and full year pro forma effective tax rate of approximately 19%, resulting in pro forma earnings per share of approximately $3.05. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full year financial results. To move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, taxes impacts from new revenue recognition standard. We posted revenue of $888 million for the fourth quarter, representing 3% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 56.2%, 150 basis point increase from the prior year driven by segment and product mix. Operating expense as a percentage sales is 36%, consistent with the prior year. Operating income was $179 million, 12% increase over the prior year. Operating margin was 20.2%, 160 basis point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $0.73 and our pro forma EPS was $0.79. Looking at full year results. We posted revenue of about $3.1 billion for the year, representing 2% percent increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 57.8%, a 220 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 36.1%, 110 basis point increase over the prior year. Operating income was $669 million, a 7% increase over the prior year. Operating Margin was 21.7%, increase of 100 basis points from the prior year, driven by the increase in gross margin. Our GAAP EPS was $3.68 pro forma EPS was $2.94. Next to look at the fourth quarter and full year revenue by segment. During the fourth quarter, we achieved double digit growth in three of our five segments, led by the Marine segment with 24%, fitness returned to growth in the fourth quarter. For the full year 2017, we achieved 2% consolidated growth led by robust growth in our outdoor segment and solid double digit growth in our Aviation and Marine segments. Looking next to fourth quarter revenue and operating income. Collectively, the Outdoor, Aviation, Marine and Fitness segments contributed 78% total revenue fourth quarter 2017 compared to 74% prior year quarter. Outdoor grew from 20% to 23%. Just given the chart it illustrates our profit mix by segment, the Outdoor, Aviation, Marine and Fitness segments collectively delivered 90% of operating income fourth quarter 2017 compared to 88% fourth quarter 2016. Outdoor operating income as a percentage of total operating income increased from 36% to 41%. Looking next to the full year charts. For the full year, the Outdoor, Aviation, Marine and Fitness segments made up 76% of total revenue compared to 71% in 2016. Seamless shift occurred in operating income with 90% of our 2017 operating income collectively coming from the Outdoor, Aviation, Marine and Fitness segments compared to 84% in 2016. Looking next to the operating expenses. Fourth quarter operating expenses increased by $9 million or basically flat as a percent of sales. Research and development increased $4 million year-over-year due to investments in engineering resources and Navionics acquisition, partially offset by the additional week of expense in 2016. Our advertising expense decreased $9 million to the prior quarter represented 6.6% of sales 130 basis point decrease. Decrease was due primarily to lower media spend in fitness segment. SG&A was up $15 million compared to prior year quarter, increased 120 basis points as a percent of sales to 14.5%. This increase was primarily due to litigation related costs and Navionics acquisition.  Few highlights from the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.3 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially to $591 million due to holiday quarter to increase year-over-year due to stronger sales and the timing of cash receipts. Inventory balance decreased sequentially to $518 million so we exit the seasonally strong fourth quarter increased year-over-year, primarily due to raw material requirements. During the fourth quarter 2017, we generated free cash flow of $144 million. Also during the quarter, we paid dividends of approximately $96 million. We announced that we plan to take shareholder approval for an increased dividend beginning at June 2018 payment. Proposal with a cash dividend of $2.12 per share, $0.33 per share per quarter, 4% increase from current quarterly dividend to $0.51 per share. For full year 2017, we reported an income tax benefit of $13 million, which includes $137 million of pro forma net discreet items relating to $180 million tax benefit related to the change in tax balance sheet accounts as a result of the Switzerland corporate tax selection, partially offset by $23 million of tax expense, resulting from a new accounting standard related to the expiration of share based awards. Excluding the pro forma discreet tax items, the full year 2017 pro forma effective tax rate was 21.2% compared to 18.9% in the prior year. The increase in pro forma effective tax rate was primarily due to the Company's election to align certain Switzerland tax positions involving international tax initiatives. We expect our full year pro forma effective tax rate for 2018 to be approximately 19%, decrease is primarily due to U.S. tax reform. Finally, I have to walk you through the impact of the new revenue recognition standard. We adopted new standard in first quarter 2018 were it state the prior financials. The Auto segment is the only segment impacted by the new revenue recognition standard. Impact to our 2017 financial statements is an increase in revenue of $35 million, which means we would have deferred less revenue from the new revenue standard. All 2018 guidance is calculated all for restated 2017 amounts to available in the appendix to earnings release. This completes our formal remarks. Michelle, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Charlie Anderson of Dougherty Markets.
Charlie Anderson: So I want to start with aviation kind of a two part question. Cliff, you mentioned environment getting a little bit better I think some of your peers have expressed a similar sentiment. So I just wonder what you’re seeing, is it feel sustainable in terms of the outlook for that market. And then as it relates to ADS-B upgrades, I wonder if you view 2018 or 2019 as the peak year for you guys in terms of that contribution from those upgrades? And then I've got a follow-up on the Marine?
Cliff Pemble: In terms of the aviation environment, I think we're all seeing that it's incrementally better. Of course we’re coming off a very low bottom and the numbers are somewhat smaller in terms of the overall growth. But I think most in the industry are very encouraged by that. In terms of its sustainability, I think things look good for the foreseeable future. Somebody recently commented to me though that some of these markets like aviation, marine are one economic bump away from downturn. So we have to recognize that they are somewhat fragile due to their nature. But in general, we feel good about that. In terms of ADS-B and which year would be the peak year, we would certainly see acceleration in unit deliveries going forward. I think I would anticipate that 2019 would probably be even bigger than 2018 as people get serious about retrofitting their aircraft, but it's still somewhat early days and the number of aircrafts that have been equipped so far is still on the low side, less than half. So we're waiting to see more people step forward.
Charlie Anderson: And then as it relates to marine, I wonder how much benefit you guys got from acquisition in Q4 and then how much of the 18% growth anticipates, the inorganic portion?
Doug Boessen: So Charlie, related to the 2018 guidance we gave, we’re basically expecting about half of that to come from Navionics.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Clark of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Doug Clark: First one on the auto segment, the 2018 guide implies an acceleration and decline. So I'm wondering if you can talk about what's driving that acceleration after a few years of what seems like moderation.
Doug Boessen: So in terms of our overall outlook in the Auto segment, I think PND is pretty much on the same trajectory that we've been on before. We did see some improvement in 2017 due to mandate categories such as ELD, which drove some of our fleet products as well as a new ELD categories. In 2018, the OEM part of our business is not expected to grow as fast as what it has been because we're seeing year-over-year comps in some of our major customers that have come on board like Honda.
Doug Clark: And then my other two questions, first on OpEx, so using your guidance it looks like implied OpEx is expected to be about $1.2 billion or up 8% year-on-year. So can you talk about the acceleration in OpEx spend? And then a financial question, I'm curious what the FX impact to fourth quarter ’17 revenues was and what the expectation for FX benefit in 2018 is?
Doug Boessen: As it relates to OpEx for 2018, we’re expecting about 8% type of increase about a third of that really is relating to Navionics, so we have had acquisition that we'll be hitting in 2018. Also looking at some of the different OpEx lines for ’18 as it relates to advertising as percent of sales, we would expect to keep that relatively flat. And then in R&D obviously we're adding some additional headcount investments in our business and then also have some additional costs relating to new aviation manufacturing and consumer distribution facility, some additional costs related to that. Then as it relates to FX, the FX impact on revenue for Q$ was about a tailwind of $28 million and then for the full year it was about $25 million of tailwind, primarily driven by the strength of euro.
Doug Clark: And then are you assuming any -- within your guidance for 2018, any FX impact? 
Doug Boessen: There's impact to that in the guidance, because for the average for the year I think the euro was probably about [113], it's quite a bit higher and now it is probably about $75 million of FX tailwind that's in the guidance, assuming the current type of euro rate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Wittine of Longbow Research.
Joe Wittine: I guess, I'll ask on wearables here, so first off in the wearables portion of outdoor. Do you expect you can maintain your average selling prices in 2018 based on your product roadmap?
Cliff Pemble: So we believe so, that's in our plan. We believe this fēnix line is generally very strong and we have product roadmaps that allow us to be able to bring in our newer products, such as the fēnix 5 and to be able to offer some discounting on the older products, which helps to promote them and sell more volumes. So in general, we feel like the ASP situation is fairly stable.
Joe Wittine: And then I wanted to ask on availability for two new products Forerunner 645 still isn’t available and then vívomove HR seems to be pretty limited. So just wondering if there is anything to note on production just given the fact that both have somewhat new Garmin technology, when we could expect those be in consumers’ hands?
Cliff Pemble: So the 645 is eminent, we're making our final adjustment on some features and performance. So that should be coming very soon. With vívomove HR, we took a very conservative view of that as we launched the product based on our experience on the original Vivomove, which was more of a niche product. But we've been pleasantly surprised by the reception to the vívomove HR. So we've been chasing supply chain and trying to increase our volumes on that product as well. So we feel pretty good about that as a contributor but we've not been able to supply all the demand.
Joe Wittine: Then finally just on the same topic here, you got a very active six months of new product introductions in fitness, especially when you also include cycling on top of wearables. But looking forward on variables, I know you won't tip individual products. But is it reasonable to expect perhaps a lighter number of new announcements ahead in the spring given that momentum of announcements exiting 2017?
Cliff Pemble: I can’t really comment on the timing of introductions, so we do have a very active roadmap of new wearables that are coming in 2018 and beyond. So we're still very much developing the product line and introducing new products and features.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yuuji Anderson of Morgan Stanley.
Yuuji Anderson: As depicted on pack the outdoor outlook there how much of that can you give us a better sense of how much that would be attributable to products that are yet to be launched versus products that's obviously you already have.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think we said in our comments that the primary driver of the growth is certainly fēnix as it's grown in the overall contribution to the segment. It's the single largest product category within the segment. But in terms of the details around new product contributions and such we won't comment on that.
Yuuji Anderson: And then on Fitness with the flat revenue guidance and just with the recent product launches. Is it -- assume that Fitness would decline towards the end of the year just given the timing of product launches there? Or is this going to be more scaled throughout the year?
Cliff Pemble: Well, certainly we will be competing against tougher numbers in the fourth quarter of 2018 as we anniversary the launch of quite a few new products in the advanced wearable wellness category, as well as vívomove HR and others. But in general, we anticipate that the advanced wearables will do well throughout the year and then our big headwind will be the basic trackers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Rob Spingarn: So Cliff, when we look at outdoor from a high level, is there any risk that fēnix or the other components with an outdoor start to hit that maturation level that we saw in fitness? Or is it just a different type of market with less competition?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think there's always risk in any of these consumer market, so for sure that's something that we're aware of. We believe the market though is still doing well and we believe there's opportunity for additional innovation and new products that can come to the market.
Rob Spingarn: Just when I think about the change in growth rates as we go forward, I'm just wondering if this is a similar dynamic just lagging by a couple of years.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think, we're lapping against a very strong launch of the fēnix 5, which drove significant growth during 2017. So we're looking at 2018 and trying to be realistic about the overall growth prospects there and trying to make sure that we can deliver on what we say.
Rob Spingarn: And then just on the margin guides, maybe this is for Doug. The gross margin picks up a little bit. Is that simply just because of the smaller contribution from automotive or is there -- and I think Cliff said a little bit earlier that ASPs are holding steady. But is that true from segment to segment, how do we think about that 58.5%?
Doug Boessen: The 58.5% is primarily a segment mix as you mentioned just because we're having a situation where our growth is going into some higher margin areas and then some of our declines some are lower margin areas such as the activity trackers and few of these things and maybe some puts and takes by each of those segments. But it will be relatively comparable to what we anticipate for the full year, but a big driver that is a segment mix.
Rob Spingarn: And then just you spoke to the higher operating expenses a little while ago. You did mention the facility I was going to ask you if CapEx has been a little elevated and if that continues.
Doug Boessen: S CapEx will go up a little bit we anticipate 2018 probably to about $145 million compared to the $140 million that we had in 2017.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben Bollin: I wanted to start, when you look at the fitness business and the guidance there. Do you have any incremental share gain assumptions built into your guidance, following TomTom’s exit of the category? And then I have a follow up.
Doug Boessen: I think TomTom's contribution was fairly low on an overall market basis, and the primary impact of that would be to Europe. So I think certainly that's in our overall view of the market but it's not necessarily moving the needle in terms of the overall guidance.
Ben Bollin: And then a couple of other items. How has tax reform in U.S. influenced any thoughts you have on the domicile and the potential to adjust that? And working capital levels little elevated relative to last couple of years. How do you think about where working capital should be or could be over the course of the next 12 months? Thank you.
Doug Boessen: Regarding U.S. tax reform, yes there’s about -- as we talked about the big driver that we have in the tax rate year-over-year is the U.S. tax reform. And as it relates to where we’re domiciled, currently in Switzerland. If you compare Switzerland to U.S. even after the current changes in those corporate rates, Switzerland is still is at a lower statutory in our effective rates from that standpoint. And then follow-up question, Ben, was regarding?
Ben Bollin: Working capital little elevated relative to last year where that goes from here…
Doug Boessen: Working capital in 2017 primarily look in that inventory and receivables and. For '18, we would expect to see probably our inventory and receivables end of the year similar to what our growth in sales is. If you look that 2017 receivables did increase a little more than primarily due to some receipts there. So look at January receipts came back in line with some of our DSO comparisons that we have. But we would expect looking that our free cash flow for 2018, we probably would expect somewhere to be around $560 million of free cash flow, a piece of that would be some favorability due to less cash taxes due to tax reform we talked about. Also, we should see some favorability relating to working capital that you mentioned there, we shouldn’t expect to see the type of increases in AR that we saw in 17 continuing through ‘18 more in line probably with our revenue increases.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Erickson of KeyBanc Capital.
Brad Erickson: Just two quick housekeeping questions to start for Doug. One, just what was the litigation expense exactly from in Marine in Q4? And then you mentioned the revenue impacts from FX. Just curious if you can give the EBIT tailwinds to Q4 and for 2018 guide from FX?
Doug Boessen: So as it relates to the litigation, we have settlement agreements there that we would not be able to disclose at the number as it relates to that settlement agreement. Then as it relates to the EBIT impact, what you have in the situation there is in Q4 you have some things go against with the strengthening of the Taiwan dollars that partially to offset that and then for the full year in that period also.
Brad Erickson: On that Marine litigation expense question, maybe another way to ask it. Where would the margins have been historically normal for Marine have the expense been removed?
Doug Boessen: Yes, to put in there, I think we would have comparable type gross margins, yes.
Brad Erickson: And then just a higher level question on the Auto OEM business. I guess for years you’ve had pretty solid portfolio for that infotainment opportunity obviously with the shifts that are occurring in automotive towards data, autonomy, et cetera. How should we think about the investments you’re thinking about or making in your Auto OEM portfolio as you look to get centered there over the target of I guess what we’d call OEM’s highest priority content objectives in the coming years? Thanks.
Doug Boessen: Certainly, the content view is changing and in terms of what goes into the automobile where we're still seeing market interest though in infotainment systems, people still -- those kinds of systems in the car. And we've seen a higher mix of software related business with what we’ve talked about with Honda and Daimler as well. But looking forward, we've announced and talked about our relationship with BMW where we’ll be supplying more of what's called the silver box, which is a generic computing platform in the vehicle, which can run all kinds of software stacks associated with infotainment and clusters and other things in the vehicle. So there is some evolution like that but there's still opportunity for computing in the vehicle and software.
Operator: Our next question comes from Will Power of Baird. Your line is open.
Will Power: Actually just a couple of quick follow ups. So I know you talked about higher gross margins and some higher OpEx. Are there particular segments where you're seeing that the higher OpEx and perhaps lower operating margins, I guess that's question number one. And then I guess number two, within the Fitness category we've got this ongoing basic activity tracker weakness. Is that just continuation of the market trends? Is there any change in share there? And I guess I'd just be curious within the advanced section of that, what's the forerunner outlook looks likes do you continue to see growth there? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Maybe I'll talk about the gross margins first of all. As I've mentioned, the gross margin consolidates really from a segment mix standpoint, so we're anticipating relatively comparable maybe a few puts and takes for each one of the segments that are out there. As relates to OpEx, what we'll see there is actually investment in where we have our advanced wearables, primarily in the outdoor area. Also, you have the Aviation we'll make R&D investments in there too. So given the decline that we're seeing in the auto areas hopefully we're looking at tightening up those expenses in those area. Then as relates to advertising as we looked at 2017, we actually cut back on our advertising in the fitness area related activity trackers so we'll need to look at that where we really have some of the more advanced wearable the products like the fēnix.
Will Power: And then any color on the basic activity tracker market, how much of that is just ongoing market trends versus any share loss and any color on Forerunner sales?
Cliff Pemble: Our view is that most of that is really associated with the market trends that customers are moving towards more advanced wearables. And so consequently, the basic market has matured and is declining rapidly. So our share assumptions are pretty equal to what they've been in the past and the basic side we've typically said that on a global basis, roughly 10% market share as we look across the universe of what's going on around the world. In terms of impact on Forerunner that falls into our advanced category, so that's the area where we still see opportunity and we still see people moving towards the more advanced products. In the case of Forerunner, it’s more technical runners but in the case of our vívoactive active line, which is GPS enabled smart watches, those are the folks that are coming off the basic trackers into a more advanced product.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ivan Feinseth of Tigress Financial. Your line is open.
Ivan Feinseth: My question is on the new scalable infotainment platform. What kind of feedback are you getting from automakers and can we expect any kind of partnership announcement soon?
Cliff Pemble: We’re getting this feedback and much as the work of selling into these automakers is to demonstrate capability. And so I think the news you've been seeing from us is surrounding more of that prototyping and predevelopment work. We're getting good feedback from them but in terms of specific announcements, we can't comment on that right now.
Ivan Feinseth: But if you seem to be getting some good feedback and interest in it?
Cliff Pemble: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ronald Epstein of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kristine Liwag: It’s Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron. There’s discussion that Boeing may launch a new clean sheet middle of the market aircraft this year or next. And considering your avionics are certified now for Part 25 aircraft. Does Boeing shifting its strategy in managing its avionic supply chain provide an opportunity for you to provide content on the new middle of the market aircraft? And if so, what would you need to do and how much would you need to spend in R&D in order to be competitive?
Cliff Pemble: Well, certainly I think any opportunity around Boeing would certainly be hypothetical. I would say that our G 5000 system is as you have said Part 25 certified and we feel like it's the major building block that we need in order to be able to serve more advance applications such as regional and commercial aviation. But in terms of investing in specific opportunity like that, it would require a significant investment in order to be able to build up the other infrastructure we would need in the company to be able to serve a player like that. We're certainly prepared in it and taking steps to do that. But again, it would be driven by specific opportunities.
Kristine Liwag: And a follow-up to that and it seems like also Boeing and Embraer Air are considering a partnership. And so if you have -- and if should they consider that partnership to create any middle of the market aircraft, you've got content on Embraer aircraft already today. So does that mean that is their partnership goes ahead, is that give you a higher likelihood of gaining content on that plane? And then another follow-up would be, how much would that investment be, because you quantify the timing and possibly the size if you pursue that opportunity?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so in terms of any hypothetical partnerships between Embraer and Boeing, I would say certainly we feel like we're well positioned, because of our experience with Embraer. As I mentioned, we've been winning consistently supplier awards with Embraer so they seem to be happy with what we're doing. But again, it's all hypothetical because I think any particular partnership on their part would consider all the factors they have in hand at that time. In terms of timing and size of investment, really not prepared to be able to comment on that. But as I said, I think there would be work to do and we're certainly able to and willing to make those investments.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'd like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for any closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thanks, everyone. Doug and I are available if there’re callbacks today. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-01 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd. Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd. Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.
Analysts: Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC Elliot Arnson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Audrey Preston - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Limited Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host today, Teri Seck. You may begin.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's third quarter 2017 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, growth and operating margins, and future dividend, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported third quarter consolidated revenue of $743 million, up 3% over the prior year. Outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness collectively increased 9% year-over-year, and contributed 75% of total revenues. Gross margin improved to 58.4% and operating margin improved to 22.8%. GAAP EPS was $0.78 and pro forma EPS was $0.75 in the quarter. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first, I'd like to make a few brief remarks on the performance of each business segment. Beginning with the outdoor segment, revenue grew 31% on a year-over-year basis, driven by strong demand for wearables. Gross and operating margins expanded to 64% and 37%, respectively, while operating income grew 38% over the prior year. We experienced strong demand for the fēnix 5 watch series and expect this trend to continue throughout the holiday quarter. In addition, we experienced solid growth of inReach devices and subscription services. We recently announced our entry into two new product categories with the introduction of Descent, our first wearable for the dive market and the Impact bat sensor, our first product for the baseball market. The Descent is a beautifully designed smartwatch with integrated dive computer functions and electronic logs managed through Garmin Connect. The Impact bat sensor delivers instantaneous feedback on the device, while coaches and players can see further details using the Impact mobile app. Looking forward, we remain focused on the wearable opportunity and expanding into new product categories. Turning next to aviation, we reported strong revenue growth of 16% driven by growth in both OEM and aftermarket categories. Gross and operating margins came in at 73% and 27%, respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 12% over the prior year. We recently announced the TXi series of touchscreen flight displays that offer enhanced integration features and target a broad range of aftermarket aircraft from light singles to business jets. We also started shipping the GFC 600, our first aftermarket autopilot solution. These new products are welcome additions to our line-up and further expand addressable market opportunities. Looking forward, we are focused on maximizing ADS-B mandate opportunities and gaining share in the OEM market. Looking next at marine, revenue increased 10% year-over-year, driven by growth in multiple product lines and led by strong demand for our fishfinders and chartplotter combos. Gross and operating margins were 58% and 24%, respectively. We recently completed the acquisition of Navionics, a leading worldwide provider of electronic marine content and mobile applications. Combining content from both Navionics and Garmin will result in best available breadth and depth of coverage for our marine customers. For the third consecutive year, we were recognized by the National Marine Electronics Association as Manufacturer of the Year. This award, along with eight product of excellence awards, affirms our commitment to designing, manufacturing and selling industry-leading products for the marine market. Consistent with that commitment, we announced the 2018 line-up of marine electronics, which include updated echoMAP and STRIKER models with Wi-Fi capability, enabling connected boating experiences. Looking forward, we are focused on product innovations and gaining share in the inland fishing category. Moving next to fitness, revenue declined 12%, driven by the rapidly maturing market for basic activity trackers and product introduction timing, partially offset by strong growth in our running product lines . Gross margin improved to 58%, while operating margin decreased year-over-year to 20%. Our product line-up is very strong as we enter the holiday quarter. Recent product launches include the vívoactive 3 with wrist-based payments, the vívomove HR analogue watch, with wrist heart rate and smart notifications and the ultra-slim vívosport activity tracker with built-in GPS and smart notifications. In addition, we launched our vívofit jr. 2, featuring Disney, Star Wars, and Marvel-themed bands and mobile app adventures. Looking forward, we're focused on areas of opportunity, particularly in the advanced wearable category. Looking finally at the auto segment, revenue declined 12% due to the ongoing PND market contraction, partially offset by solid growth in OEM and niche product categories, such as cameras, truck, fleet and RV. Our global market share in the PND category remains very strong. Gross and operating margins declined year-over-year to 44% and 8%, respectively. We recently launched Garmin Speak with Amazon Alexa, which is the first digital assistant with integrated turn-by-turn navigation. We also started shipping the eLog device in time for the upcoming electronic data logging mandate for truck operators. Looking forward, we are focused on disciplined execution to bring desired innovation to the market and to optimize profitability in this segment. Well, the three quarters of the year behind us, we are updating our projected revenue for the year to $3.07 billion, an increase of about 2% over 2016. Projected gross margin remains at approximately 57.5%, but we are raising our projected operating margin to approximately 21.5% for the full year. Pro forma earnings per share is expected to be approximately $2.90, assuming an updated pro forma effective tax rate of approximately 21.5%. Looking at guidance by segment, we've increased growth expectations for outdoor, aviation, and auto by 200 basis points to 300 basis points. Our outlook for marine is unchanged, while the outlook for fitness has been reduced slightly by 200 basis points. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk us through additional details of our financial results. Doug?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our third quarter financial results, move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $743 million for the third quarter, representing 3% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.4%, a 220-basis point increase from the prior year, driven primarily by segment and product mix. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 35.5%, a 140-basis point increase from the prior year. Operating income was $170 million, a 6% increase year-over-year. Operating margin was 22.8%, a 70-basis point increase from the prior year, as the increase in gross margin more than offset the increase in operating expenses. Our GAAP EPS was $0.78 and our pro forma EPS was $0.75, consistent with the prior year. Next, we'll look at our third quarter revenue by segment. During the quarter, we achieved 3% consolidated growth, led by double-digit growth in three of our five segments. For the third quarter 2017, outdoor grew 31%, while aviation grew 16% and marine grew 10%. This growth was partially offset by the continued decline in auto PND business, and decline in our fitness segment, which was primarily due to a significant decline in basic activity tracker category. Collectively, outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness were up 9% compared to the prior year quarter. Looking next at third quarter revenue and operating income. Collectively, the outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness segments contributed 75% of total revenue in third quarter 2017, compared to 70% in the prior year quarter. Outdoor grew from 19% to 25% and aviation grew from 15% to 17%. As you can see from charts illustrating our profit mix by segment, the outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness segments, collectively, delivered 91% of operating income in the third quarter 2017, compared to 84% in third quarter 2016. Looking next at operating expenses, our third quarter operating expenses increased by $18 million, or 7%. Research and development increased to $130 million, or 17.4% of sales, a 130-basis point increase year-over-year. We continue to invest in innovation, increasing the resources focused on our fitness, outdoor, marine, and aviation segments, where we see long-term growth opportunities. SG&A was up $5 million compared to prior year quarter, increased 30 basis points as a percent of sales to 13.7%. Our advertising expense was relatively flat to the prior quarter, so additional spend in the outdoor segment was offset by decreases in all other segments. A few highlights from the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.4 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $457 million, which is relatively flat year-over-year. The inventory balance increased sequentially to $575 million to prepared for the fourth quarter and was higher year-over-year due to several new product launches at the end of third quarter 2017. During the third quarter 2017, we generated free cash flow of $153 million. Also during the quarter, we paid dividends of $96 million and purchased approximately $11 million of company stock, and about $1 million remaining for purchase through December 2017. The effective tax rate was 20.8% in the current year quarter, compared to 16.5% in the prior year quarter. Increase in effective tax rate was primarily due to the company's election to align certain Switzerland corporate tax positions to international tax initiatives and income mix by tax jurisdiction, partially offset by the release of income tax reserves in the third quarter 2017. We expect our full year 2017 pro forma effective tax rate to be approximately 21.5%. This concludes our formal remarks. Jody, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Certainly. Your first question comes from the line of Doug Clark of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. My first one is on the auto business. Talk about growth in the OEM and other niche products. Can you help quantify that a bit? Did OEMs see an inflection, and if so, what was that driven by?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, we don't quantify any of the particular categories within our segments, but I would say that auto has been performing well this year, particularly around new programs such as the Honda programs as well as our existing programs with Daimler and others.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Okay. My other question was in the fitness category. Last quarter, we kind of talked about the declines in the activity tracker market. Did the activity tracker business decline again sequentially, and if so, does that put it kind of below one-third of fitness sales? And then a quick question, just on the impact of FX. Can you quantify what that was or how that impacted growth on a year-on-year basis in third quarter and what your expectation is for, for the contribution in the fourth quarter as well?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, so activity trackers declined on a year-over-year basis. We don't really track sequentially, but year-over-year, as we said in our remarks, they continue to decline. In terms of quantifying what those represent, we don't comment on specific categories, but as the decline has been fairly steep, I would say that the basic trackers have become much less of an influence in our overall results.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. This is Doug. Regarding the FX impact, for Q3, there was about a $13 million tailwind. Assuming that we have similar FX levels currently, we would expect a Q4 tailwind to be similar to what we saw in Q3.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Perfect. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. I was hoping you could give a little more color on the drivers of the aviation growth. It sounds like it's pretty balanced between OEM and aftermarket, but if you could talk about the prospects for growth and the two pieces of that, and if there's anything you could say about maybe the growth prospects for that into 2018, that would be helpful. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, as we remarked, OEM and aftermarket categories both grew in the quarter. I think that we have been fairly hesitant to call a growth inflection on OEM, because I think seeing trends in the market and trying to establish those has been difficult in this market, but it is encouraging. In terms of the aftermarket size, as we remarked, ADS-B is a significant driver of growth in that area, and there is also pull-through effects of other equipment that we're selling as people upgrade their aircraft. That will continue into 2018 and 2019, as well as the mandate that operators have to comply with as at the end of 2019.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. And then on the marine segment, can you talk about Navionics, kind of what the revenue run rate was there, how much we think that might contribute in the fourth quarter or sort of on an annualized basis on a trailing basis if you could do that?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. On an annualized basis, it's approximately $30 million. In Q4, it's the seasonally lowest quarter for any marine business, so we're not expecting any significant impact on our Q4.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. And then in terms of tax rate, again looking out to next year, any reason to assume a meaningful deviation from the tax rate you just provided for this year?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. We'll give you more color on that in February when we give our 2018 guidance, but we expect it to be relatively similar to what you're seeing currently. We'll update you if anything changes while we're going through our planning process with that.
Richard Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning, guys. This is Kristine Liwag in for Ron. I was wondering, when you think about industry investments in autonomous systems, can you discuss any technology that you have in aviation that you're introducing or can introduce into the autos market?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, I think you know there's a lot of investment going in the auto market for sure. Our focus has really been in other categories such as aviation and marine. We do have sensor technology and attitude technologies that could be useful, but our focus is really on our primary markets.
Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. And in aviation, can you quantify the market opportunity for ADS-B and what your market share is today?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So in terms of overall market, we believe there's somewhere around 100,000 to 120,000 aircraft that will be equipped over time. We're approximately 20% to 25% through that cycle; and up to this point, we've been commanding in terms of unit share approximately 75% of the market.
Kristine Tan Liwag - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's helpful. Thank you very much.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Kristine.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yuuji Anderson of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. And another follow up on aviation. The full-year guidance, it looks pretty conservative for Q4. So just curious to hear what are the puts and takes we should be thinking about there?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So Q4, we are up against a stronger comparable from last year. So that's factored into our thinking. Also it's the end of the year, so while aviation tends to be a little more steady business, certainly some of that business will slow down in terms of overall activity as people think about holidays and so forth. So, we're putting something out there that we believe is achievable. And that's the situation as we see it right now.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, that makes sense. And on aviation margins, just on the downtick we're seeing there, is that related to your investments in that area, and if so, over what kind of horizon should we expect to see regain the operating leverage?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. I think in terms of the gross margin, there's some puts and takes quarter-to-quarter, but we did have some additional warranty expenses for the quarter that impacted our gross margin, but we would expect that to normalize as we go forward.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thanks so much.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine of Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Hey. Good morning. Congrats on the quarter.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you, Joe.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: I want to start with Doug on operating expenses. Doug, to the extent you're willing, can you talk through the go-forward trajectory, specifically I'm wondering whether the R&D and SG&A trajectories change. This year R&D is up by about $50 million, SG&A by about $10 million. So, is that 2017 inflation rate the reasonable go-forward growth assumption or does the 2017 contain any kind of exceptional or one-time investments?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. Well, obviously, we'll go through and can give you a little more color on that in February 2018, but we expect similar type of run rates going forward.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And can you remind us of the impact of last year's 4Q's, 14th week on OpEx, did you run through a full extra week?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. Sure should give you a little impact on the 53rd week. On the revenue line item, there was about $18 million relating to that one week, and then as it relates to operating expenses, there was about $10 million of operating expenses.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Great. And then Cliff, quickly, do you have any early insights on vivoactive 3 from kind of a market perception or from the perception of the discussions with your partners, the influencer reviews looked decent. So, talk perception and maybe some view on selling dynamics as well, since it looks like supply is still pretty limited here in early November, especially for the high-end variant?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, I think so far the feedback has been favorable on the device. I think people appreciate the device for its size, for the features and what we brought to the market. We're still rolling out additional features in the product as well. Our Garmin Pay will launch later this month. So, there's still more work to be done. In terms of channel sell in, we're still shipping products into the channel, so there's probably some constraints that are still out there, but we're still filling in anticipation of the Q4 selling season.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And finally also on wearables, do you expect to feel any quantifiable impact from TomTom's exit especially in Europe?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. I think particularly they were strong in certain European countries and we've positioned ourselves in that market to be able to try to pick up as much of that share as possible.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: All right. Thanks, guys.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Good morning.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: I wanted to start, when you look at the outdoor performance notably with fēnix, how much of the growth you're seeing do you feel is organic versus refresh to existing, a couple other parts to that. How much do you – channel expansion do you think is left and what are your thoughts on carrying of the portfolio from here? Can pricing keep going higher? Can you continue to expand that? And then a follow up for Doug? Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. So, in terms of I think maybe your question was around, how much of our sales are going to perhaps existing customers who are upgrading. We definitely see some of that, especially people that bought into the early generations of fēnix, but we're also expanding the base quite a bit. And I think fēnix is becoming a brand name that's associated with both adventure lifestyles and aspirational lifestyles and so we're seeing some expansion because of that. In terms of our future roadmap and pricing, certainly we have a very active roadmap. So, I can't comment on the details of that, but our goal is to be able to continue to bring innovation to the market and to be able to keep an established price point as we go forward.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: And Cliff, I'm sorry and Doug when you look at the aviation capacity expansion could you remind us how much CapEx is left, when does that capacity come online and how quickly do you expect to fill that capacity? Thanks.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, as it relates to CapEx that we have, so basically, we have about $130 million that we're expecting for CapEx this year, about $70 million or so of that is relating to the late expansion here. And we expect to continue with expansion for the next couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Charlie Anderson of Dougherty and Company. Your line is open.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. So just looking at outdoor, the sort of the 200 basis point guide up on the growth rate and then fitness the 200 basis point sort of downtick. I wonder if you could just speak to what's outperforming in outdoor relative to your earlier expectations and what's underperforming in fitness relative to your earlier expectations and then I've got a follow-up.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. So, outdoor, fēnix again as we've remarked has been doing very well also our inReach devices and subscription-based services that have been doing very well. So, that's the primary drivers behind the increase in outdoor. In fitness, as we've been saying the basic activity tracker market has been in steep decline, so that's been an impact on us throughout this year. And also our product introduction timing came later this year versus what it did in 2016. And so those two factors impacted both the outdoor and fitness. I would mention that if you combine those two and look at the combined revenues and the growth on a year-to-date basis, we're up 7% in both outdoor and fitness combined, which reflects, I think a better picture of the overall wearable category and where it's going.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Great. And then sort of my follow-up is related to fitness. So, I think the guidance calls for and it sort of always has stabilization to a degree in Q4, I know there's new product introductions that are helping that. But I wonder, as you look out over the next few years, is it your view that what sort of the mix changing that you are going to start to stabilize there. And then what's your long-term outlook on sort of the margin profile of that business? Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, naturally we are looking for and hope for a stabilization out there. I would remind people that this is a consumer market, so we don't know exactly where it goes and it can change rapidly, as we've seen in the activity tracker market, but our strategic focus is on a healthy growing market. And the second part of your question, I'm sorry?
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Was the long-term margin profile of that business?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, I think for fitness, we're targeting you know mid-50s and a 20% kind of range in terms of operating margin.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Erickson of KeyBanc Capital. Your line is open.
Elliot Arnson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning. This is Elliot Arnson on the line for Brad Erickson. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wondering on auto with the implied – with the improved guidance for this year, was wondering if that implies better or I guess muted declines of PNDs going forward?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. We still see PNDs running in the same trajectory as what we've been seeing. The improved outlook is really around the OEM outperformance as well as some of the new categories that we're shipping into the market such as Speak the eLog.
Elliot Arnson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: That's helpful. Thanks. And then just another question kind of around fitness. I was wondering if you guys are seeing – if you guys are planning like a similar product evolution in fitness is kind of what there's been in the outdoor segment kind of with more fashion-type form factors with those products?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. I can't really comment on the future plan, but as I mentioned with outdoor, we've got a very active product roadmap in fitness as well, and so we'll continue to introduce new products as we go forward.
Elliot Arnson - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Got it. Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Elliot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth of Tigress Financial. Your line is open.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Thank you for taking my call and congratulations on another great quarter.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: And the introduction of a lot of great new products. Those new marine products and the dive watch was incredible. Now the new Impact swing sensor to me looks like a totally new direction for a product or product line. Could you give us some idea of some of the things you're thinking about, what new areas you'd like to be going into?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So you're right. Impact definitely is a new category for us. It's a totally different market. I think like many products that we deliver here at Garmin, they're driven by our own passions within the company. So this is something we wanted to explore and we thought we had some innovation we could bring to the market. In terms of other categories we're exploring, I really can't give any color on that right now, but I would say that we are actively working on some new things and we should have some new things to offer in the coming year.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Now would this be, the Impact be something you could also use on a tennis racket? Could you design something for tennis for example?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, I think the physics are fundamentally similar. I think at this point we don't have any thoughts around that particular market, but I think the platform is something that could be extended to tennis.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Then I have one more question about your app platform. Pretty much for all the apps, you have an extensive number of apps that are available for a lot of your products, but occasionally like some of the developers, so you could pay them if you want, but there's no formal process. Do you plan on eventually having a more formal process for applications to be marketed and new partnerships and people let's say could buy apps and you can participate in the revenue for that?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. I think you're probably talking about Connect IQ on our watch platform. And so the answer is, yes. We do have monetization in our roadmap for Connect IQ, and that's something we're working with our developers on.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tavis McCourt of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. A couple of financial ones. First, as it relates to the jury verdict against you in the quarter, was there any accrual related to that in Q3 or in the Q4 guidance or is there no accrual because of the appeal?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So Tavis, yes, we went through that process. And right now we have concluded that it's not probable. We have a loss based upon the accounting terms. And so we do not have an accrual recorded for any of the Navico. But we did file our Q this morning to give full disclosure transparency to the situation and we did indicate that it's reasonably possible that we could incur a loss up to $114 million, but no accrual is probable at this time.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And then the inventory balances look like they were up quite a bit year-over-year and I know sometimes Septembers can be a little tough to gauge in that regard due to holiday shipping. Is that, I guess, maybe give us an update on where we should expect inventory balances either in terms of days or turnover over time.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. Sure. So Tavis, at end of Q3, we had a few things, one of which you know we had strong demand for you know finished product, aviation products. Also it was relating to the timing, some of the product launches. So we had a large number of product launches here in the Q3, so we had to build up for that. So the inventory was higher here in Q3. Sequentially going into Q4, we should expect that to go down, but year-over-year Q4 2017 versus Q4 2016, we'll still be up.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got you. And then when you referenced the foreign currency benefit I think $13 million, was that relative to year-over-year or sequential?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: That's the year-over-year.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And then final question, it looks like the full-year advertising expense is going to be pretty flattish after a number of years of growth. Do you think you've kind of reached a run rate level there or is that just kind of the result of the fitness business coming down and not reallocating that spend somewhere else?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. I think it's probably a combination of both, Tavis. I think definitely we've realigned our spending around fitness in terms of the opportunity there, and targeting where we see potential for growth. And then, also really kind of fixing our number around what we think is a sustainable run rate going forward.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. And then, I wanted to make sure I understood one aspect of the guidance in the auto business, to get to that full year kind of mid-teens. I'm getting to about a mid-teens decline in Q4 as well, which I just want to make sure that's kind of what you guys expect because again answering one of the other questions, you kind of sounded a little more optimistic than that on that business?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So the implied Q4 is minus 14%, which is slightly ahead of where we had started the year.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got you. Cool. Great. Thanks a lot.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Tavis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Clark of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my follow up. I just had a question just to the extent that you'll comment on sell-in versus sell-through dynamics on the fēnix thus far?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: I think for fēnix, sell-in and sell-through is pretty much normalized. We've spent part of Q2 and into Q3 building the channel and I think at this point we feel like the channel is mostly stabilized.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Perfect. And then, my other question was heading into the holiday season, how do you expect your store footprint to be this year fairly comparable to prior years?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: I think we definitely have all of the same doors that we've had in the past for sure. In some cases, the shelf space within those doors has been expanding. For example at Best Buy, our overall shelf space has been expanding there. But we're also expanding into other channels as well. For instance, we're in Macy's. We're in several jewelry chains, such as Kay, Zales and Jared, we'll be in Dillard's and JCPenney as well.
Doug Clark - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks for taking my follow up.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Audrey Preston - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Hi. This is actually Audrey on for Rob Spingarn. So thank you for taking my question. So, I would just like to follow up on avionics. So, first could you quantify some of your market share going into the OEMs? Like I know that you've mentioned that you're running around 75% of market share in aftermarket, but how much does is that for the OEMs on the planes, and do you have any outlook on that moving forward?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. So, in terms of market share the previous comment was around specifically ADS-B, which is one particular product category within mostly the aftermarket segment. So that's where the 75% number came from. In terms of OEM, our market share really depends on the product or the aircraft category. So, in the smaller piston-engine aircraft category, it's north of probably 90%, but as you move up into the various categories particularly beyond light jets then our share starts to come down.
Audrey Preston - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: All right. Great. Thank you. And then just digging a little bit deeper on the margins as well. So – and on the R&D spend, could we talk a little bit about how much of that R&D spend is allocated to avionics versus say outdoors and how much would that be impacting the margins?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, relating to – you were saying to aviation versus outdoor, we actually do break out the R&D with each all of our segments in our Q, so you can get that from our Q.
Audrey Preston - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Okay.
Audrey Preston - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: And then just digging in a little bit more into the warranties. How much do you see that moving forward in terms of impacting margins say in Q4 or the 2018?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. We probably think that was a one-time hit on that warranty that hits in Q3. We don't expect that specific item that we referred to recur in Q4.
Audrey Preston - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Paul J. Chung - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. This is Paul Chung on for Coster and thanks for taking my question. So I was just wondering if you could provide a split between the growth in outdoor, whether it's from the fēnix and how much of that growth was from the inReach products. And on the subscription services, can you provide any metrics there and how material it was and do you see that sales model potentially applied to other segments? Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, we don't break out numbers by categories within segments. So, I can't really provide specific color on that. Again, only commenting generally that fēnix family and particularly fēnix 5 has been a significant driver of growth in outdoor. And in terms of inReach, it's a very nice incremental category for us, but probably not moving the needle the same way that fēnix 5 is.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Joe Wittine of Longbow Research. Your line is open.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Hey. Thanks. Just a follow up on cycling, which I know is small, but I wanted to ask specifically an Alphamantis. Could you talk though the strategy there? It's essentially a service provider. So is the strategy to add the service revenue stream, is it to perhaps benefit Vector's market share or could it potentially lead to different hardware-based products on the bike? Thanks a lot.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So Alphamantis brings additional technology to our portfolio allowing us to create new product categories within our cycling area. I think as a company, they've been focused on more the technical side of the business, particularly with very technical and professional riders, but it's our goal to be able to try to bring that technology down into the mass market.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Could that be a new form factors or would that be in modifications to Edge, et cetera?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Could be new form factors.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue at this time. I'd turn the call back over to Teri Seck for final remarks.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, everyone. Doug and I'll be available for callbacks today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-02 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Seck – Investor Relations Cliff Pemble – President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Boessen – Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Charlie Anderson – Dougherty & Company Doug Clark – Goldman Sachs Joe Wittine – Longbow Research Yuuji Anderson – Morgan Stanley Ben Bollin – Cleveland Research Tavis McCourt – Raymond James Brad Erickson – KeyBanc Capital Markets Kristine Liwag – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ivan Feinseth – Tigress Financial Paul Coster – JPMorgan Will Power – Baird
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Limited Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference call may be recorded. I would now like to turn the conference, over Teri Seck, ma’am you may begin.
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited’s second quarter 2017 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin’s Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, growth and operating margins, and future dividends, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products, and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of the risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you Teri. And good morning everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin recorded second quarter consolidated revenue of $817 million up 1% over the prior year. Outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness collectively increased 8% year-over-year and contributed 74% of total revenues. Gross margin improved to 58.5% compared to the prior year due to favorable segment revenue mix.  As a result of our increased [indiscernible] and gross margins, our operating margin improved to 24.9%. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $0.91 and pro forma EPS of $0.88 in the quarter. Our results were positively impacted by growth in advanced wearables. Our Connect IQ app stores are a direct reflection of enduser engagement with our wearables. During the past 12 months there have been over 17 million downloads of an app, watch face or data filed from our Connect IQ store. And the total downloads increased to over $30 million since inception. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first I’d like to provide a few brief remarks on the performance of each business segment. Beginning with the Outdoor segments, revenue grew 46% on year-over-year basis, driven by a strong growth of our Fēnix 5 smartwatches. Gross and operating margins expanded to 66% and 38%, respectively. While operating income grew 53% over the prior year. We experienced on strong demand for the Fēnix 5 watch series and anticipated will continue to have a positive impact on our outdoor segment for the remainder of the year. In addition, we continue to see solid growth of our new inReach devices and subscription based services. Finally, we launched the Approach S60 of premium watch for the golf enthusiasts and we recently announced the newest members of our Foretrex and Rino product lines. Looking forward, we are focused on opportunities in wearables and inReach. Turning net to Aviation, we reported strong revenue growth of 15%, driven by growth in aftermarket products. We also experienced positive contributions from our OEM product categories. Growth in operating margins remain strong at 75% and 32% respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 28% over the prior year. During the quarter we introduced our first Head-up Display, which is designed specifically for aircraft with integrated flight decks. We are pleased with the Cessna Citation Longitude will the launch platform for this new product category. We also received European approval for our G1000 NXi system expanding the reach of this aftermarket offering for King Air 200, 300 and 350 aircraft models. Looking forward, we are focused on maximizing ADS-B mandate opportunities and gaining share in the OEM market. Looking next at marine, revenue declined 3% however, this segment is performing as expected on the year-to-date basis with 10% revenue growth. We believe that favorable weather earlier in the year accelerated buying, which impacted the results of the second quarter. Growth and operating margins were 57% and 22%, respectively. During the quarter we completed the acquisition of Active Captain, a developer of crowd sourced content for boaters. In addition, we launched our next generation quatix wearable. Looking forward, we are focused on product innovations and gaining share in the inland fishing category. Looking next to business, revenue declined 15% driven by the rapidly maturing market for basic activity trackers and the timing of new product introductions. Gross margin was steady at 56%, while operating margin decreased year-over-year to 21%. While the quarter has been challenging for business, we remain positive about the opportunities in the segment. We expect these trends to continue into Q3, however, we anticipate ending the year on a stronger note as our product refresh cycle is completed. Looking forward, we are focused on areas of opportunity, particularly in the advanced wearable category. Looking finally at the auto segment, revenues were down 15% due to the ongoing decline of the PND market, partially offset by growth in several new categories such as fleets, cameras and RVs. Growth in operating margins declined year-over-year to 45% and 13% respectively. Our global market share position in the PND category remains very strong. During the quarter, we launched the VIRB 360, a compact, full spherical, immersive camera, built for adventure. VIRB 360 is an amazing device that captures video up to 5K 30 frames per second and makes it easy to share memories on the go. Looking forward, we are focused on disciplined execution to bring the desired innovation to the market and to maximize profitability in the segment. Turning finally to guidance, we are pleased with our consolidated performance in the first half of 2017 and believe we are well-positioned for the remainder of the year. As a result we are raising our projected revenue for the year to $3.04 billion, up about 1% over 2016. We project gross margin to increase to approximately 57.5% to the segment mix and we project operating margin of approximately 21% for the full-year. Assuming a pro forma effective tax rate of approximately 22%, pro forma earnings per share is expected to be approximately $2.80. Looking at our annual revenue outlook by segment, we have increased our growth expectations for the outdoor segment to 25% and the aviation segment to 10%. Marine and auto are unchanged, while the outlook for fitness has been revised to down 5% due to the continued decline in activity tracker category. That concludes my remarks, next Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I’ll begin by reviewing our second quarter financial results to move the comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $817 million for the second quarter, representing 1% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.5%, a 150-basis point increase from the prior year created by the shift towards segments with higher margin. Operating expense, as a percentage of sales, is 33.6%, 130 basis points increase from the prior year. Operating income was $203 million, 1% increase year-over-year. Operating margin was 24.9%, 20 basis point increase from the prior year. The increase in gross margin was an offset to increase in operating expenses. Our GAAP EPS was $0.91, pro-forma EPS was $0.88, 1% increase from the prior year. Next, we’ll look at our second quarter revenue by segment. During the quarter, we achieved 1% consolidated growth, led by double-digit growth in our Outdoor and Aviation segments. This growth was partially offset by the decline our fitness segment, as a result of the steep decline activity tracker category. The continue decline in the auto PND business. Collectively, outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness were up 8% compared to prior year quarter. We’ll go next to second quarter revenue and operating income. Collectively, the outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness segments contribute 74% of total revenue in the second quarter 2017, compared to 70% prior year quarter. Outdoor grew from 17% to 24% and aviation grew from 13% to 15%. As you can see from the charts illustrating our profit mix by segment, the outdoor, aviation, marine and fitness segments collectively delivered 86% of operating income in the second quarter 2017, compared to 80% second quarter of 2016. The outdoor and aviation segments, a year-over-year increase in both operating income dollars and operating margin. Looking next to the operating expenses. Our second quarter operating expenses increased by $12 million or 5%. Research and development increased $13 million year-over-year, 150 basis points to 50.6% of sales. We continued to invest in innovation, increasing resources focused on fitness, outdoor, marine, aviation, segments that receive long-term growth opportunities. SG&A was up $1 million compared to prior quarter, was relatively flat as a percent of sales. Our advertising expense was $2 million less than the prior quarter, traditional spend in outdoor segment was more than offset by decreases in the fitness in all the segments. A few highlights from the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.3 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially year-over-year to $515 million. Our inventory balance decreased sequentially to $525 million for actually the seasonally strong second quarter. During the second quarter of 2017, we generated free cash flow of $129 million, a $6 million decrease from the prior year quarter. Also during quarter, we paid dividends of $96 million. We purchased $36 million of company stock, $11 million remaining for purchase through December 2017. During the second quarter 2017, we reported an effective tax rate of 25%, which includes $7 million of income tax expense result from a new accounting standard related to the expiration of share-based awards. Excluding the $7 million of income tax expense second quarter 2017 pro forma effective tax rate was $21.9%, compared to 21% the prior year quarter. 90 basis point year-over-year increase pro forma effective tax rate is primarily due to the Company’s election to align certain Switzerland corporate tax positions, international tax initiatives partially offset by income mix by tax jurisdiction. We continue to expect our full year 2017 pro forma effective tax rate to be approximately 22%. This concludes or formal remarks.  Takeya [ph] could you please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions comes from Charlie Anderson of Dougherty & Company. Your line is now open.
Charlie Anderson: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. Cliff I wanted to start with, I noticed that APAC revenue growth had accelerated versus Q1. I wondered if you could just talk about what’s going on there? I think may be Fēnix is playing a part there. I just wondered as we think about distribution and opportunities in Asia for some of your products kind of where we sit? And then I had a follow-up for Doug.
Cliff Pemble: Yeah good morning Charlie. Definitely Asia has been doing well. It is growing from a smaller base. Wearables are definitely popular in that market, as well, but we’re also seeing growth in some of our other segments such as Marine and Outdoor.
Charlie Anderson: Okay. And then for Doug, I was wondering I know currencies have changed since we started the year as you’ve updated your full year guidance. I wonder if you get update us on some of the FX assumptions.
Doug Boessen: Sure.
Charlie Anderson: And then CapEx and free cash flow for the year, thanks.
Doug Boessen: As it relates to FX for talking about Q2 impact, we had about a $10 million headwind in revenue in Q2. And as relates the forecast and the guidance for the remainder of the year, what we do is we update our FX assumptions based on the current trends. So what the current FX rates, we currently seeing out there is pretty similar to what we used in our guidance and our forecast. As it relates to free cash flow, right now, for free cash flow for full-year, we are expecting about $550 million. Of that we’re expecting CapEx to be about $130.
Charlie Anderson: Great, thanks so much.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Clark of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Doug Clark: Hi, thanks for taking my question. My first one is on the fitness segment. Last quarter you talked about the revenues from fitness trackers or activity trackers being about a half of sales. Can you talk about what that was this quarter, given the declines that you saw?
Doug Boessen: Well, the market is down significantly. NPD shows that the market is down about 32% in Q2 and so our mix has definitely come down a lot, our advance wearables and running in GPS-based trackers are much bigger part the segment now.
Doug Clark: Okay. That makes sense. And just to be clear the 32% decline that’s for the activity tracker portion specifically?
Doug Boessen: Yes that’s the basic activity trackers in the U.S. market.
Doug Clark: Got it. And then my follow-up question was on the outdoor segment. Can you talk a little bit about the Fēnix sell in, versus sell through in the quarter and where we are from a availability and distribution standpoint.
Doug Boessen: We believe that availability is good right now, we are still expanding some retail channels that are taking the product in their summer reset, but in general it’s fully available in most retail outlets out there. There definitely was some pent up demand for the device as we announced it at CES and delivered a few weeks later. So there’s some pipeline effect, for sure. But we do see follow-up orders and strong interest in the product.
Doug Clark: Okay great. And then final one for me. Can you talk about just the historic, I guess, the go-forward refresh cadence of the Fēnix product line. I think last year or this is actually two years between the Fēnix 3 the Fēnix 5. Is that what we might expect to see going forward?
Doug Boessen: Yes I can’t comment on our future plans, but we do have a very active roadmap in all of our wearables.
Doug Clark: Got it thanks for my questions.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Wittine of Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Joe Wittine: Hi everybody, great quarter.
Doug Boessen: Thank you Joe.
Joe Wittine: Maybe I’ll stick on Fēnix 5 just as a quick follow-up to that last question. Have you learned anything from a demographic perspective based on the various flavors you offer and smaller – and what many would consider more approachable case sizes? Any data that suggests you’re expanding the tent?
Cliff Pemble: Yes for sure. So three case sizes 42, 47 and 51. 51 was the size of the previous model of Fēnix. In the small size, we’re definitely seeing a majority of those customers trend towards the female demographic. So that’s a totally new demographic for us and very exciting to see this expand into the area of lady adventurers. On the larger size, adding the masses has really expanded the opportunity for the bigger products, so we’re excited about that as well.
Joe Wittine: Makes sense. Shifting to fitness, I know the low end of fitness garners completely outsized share of investor questions for you. So can you talk about whether the most current segment guidance represents, for lack of a better word, a kitchen sink? I asked because the magnitude of the decline have obviously been a little bit of a surprise throughout the first half. So you may not want to use the word kitchen sink, but is there some capitulation in your thoughts when you assembled the new guide? It seems like based on the magnitude of the decline that may be the case.
Cliff Pemble: Well certainly we’re counting on a steep decline in the activity tracker market. We’re following the rising and falling tides in that area, so that’s baked into our assumptions. And also, we’re comping against strong product introductions from last year. Our product introductions will take place a little later in this year in terms of refreshes. So that’s brought into our guidance. That said we do expect Q3 to continue the softer trends and moving into Q4, then we believe that things will improve.
Joe Wittine: Thanks. And then finally from me automotive. Can you help us understand at all when segment declines could narrow? I mean, I guess you could look at the second quarter and say, we saw a slight narrowing. But there’s a thought that eventually, PNDs obviously should become less of an anchor in your OEM business will become a bigger piece of the mix. So give us some high-level thought on potentially when that could happen. And within that if you could update us on what’s happening with OEM today from a volume perspective, so ex-ing out the impact of the deferred rev rec. Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so PND has been a slowly declining market for the last eight to nine years, and it’s been a little difficult to predict when is the bottom. We continue to believe that there is a base of business out there, a certain class of customer that likes these kind of products and will continue to be a reasonable category going forward, but certainly not mass-market levels like it was in the past. The predicting has been very difficult, and we probably are in a better position of doing that today than we were in past. In terms of OEM, we’re continuing to build a business base there. There’s a lot of dynamics with OEM in terms of the wins, the time frame it takes to get those to market as well as the revenue recognition model that take place. A lot of our revenue taking place right now is being deferred because of software-based revenue recognition rules. So we’re excited about the progress in terms of wins. We believe that it will contribute to growth in the future, but as of right now, it’s still a smaller part of our overall auto category.
Joe Wittine: Fair enough. Thanks a lot.
Cliff Pemble: Yes thanks Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yuuji Anderson of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Yuuji Anderson: Great, thanks for taking my question. A question on the running watches. How did it do this quarter, year-over-year? And are you seeing kind of like the similar strengths and weaknesses there, where the advanced models are driving demand versus the entry-level watches? And then a question on operating margins for fitness generally. How should we think about potential expense management in that category given the current weakness that you’re seeing? And then just balancing that against your coming product launches, is there some opportunity to kind of realize some savings there? Thanks so much.
Doug Boessen: Yes, so in our Forerunner category, which is what I’d call our made-for-running product line, we’re seeing double-digit growth, strength in that product line, so we feel very good about that category of the market, if you will. In terms of the expense structure overall in fitness, certainly, there’s been a big increase year-over-year. Much of that is due to kind of a comping effect of adding resources over the year, and they’re just now being recognized on a full year basis. We believe we’re pretty well situated when it comes to overall resources in the segment. And we do think there’s opportunities to fine-tune our investments, particularly in marketing and advertising, as the categories – category mix is changing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Ben Bollin: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. The first one, I wanted to circle around on the outdoor business. If you look at the first half performance, I think the overall business is up 35% year-on-year. And the implied or the guide for the year now at 25% would imply kind of lower-than-seasonal back half relative to what you’ve seen the last couple of years. So I’m curious how you think about the seasonality in the back half and how much maybe channel benefit you got in the near term. And then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks. Yes. So definitely, 25% for the year does imply a back half rate that’s different than what we’ve seen in the first half. As I mentioned earlier, the pipeline effect of Fēnix definitely had an impact, so we recognize that those pipeline fills occur once in a product introduction. But that said, we’re also comping against very strong growth rates of Fēnix 3 HR last year. So we’re just trying to look at all those factors and come up with a guide that we feel is achievable for the entire year.
Ben Bollin: Okay. And then looking at the aviation business, obviously, the retrofit opportunity has been pretty good on ADS-B and maybe incremental attachment there. But could you talk a little bit about each subset and the degree of visibility you feel you have from both OEM and retrofits? And what type of progress do you think you’re making on a market share front?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So continued strong interest in ADS-B, and it’s growing as we move into – towards the mandate deadline, which is the end of 2019. People basically say beginning of 2020. We believe we’ll continue to see that kind of momentum as the mandate approaches and people realize that they need to equip in order to be legal in their flying going forward. In terms of other product categories, ADS-B is definitely a strong category, but I’ve mentioned before in the past that we see a pull-through on other categories, particularly the aftermarket navigators and communication navigation, those kinds of things, as people think about are creating their entire panel. So we believe that is a positive trend, and we believe it will continue to go that direction as ADS-B moves towards the mandate. In terms of OEM, we’re incrementally positive, I guess, about what’s going on in the industry. But I would point out that industry growth on the OEM side has lacked any kind of conviction, and so as a result, we’re remaining conservative. But overall, we’re pleased with what we see so far.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tavis McCourt of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Tavis McCourt: Hey everybody thanks for taking my questions. Cliff I just had one for you and then a couple of clarifications for Doug. In your commentary around the auto business, Cliff, you mentioned managing it for profitability. It looks like this year, you’ll get pretty close to that 10% EBIT margin level and may end up below it, depending on cost in the back half of the year. And obviously, if the revenue growth continues to decline 10% or more next year, that will be tougher next year. Is that 10% EBIT margin levels a line in the sand? Or are you willing to run it for any level of reasonable profitability as the revenue scale down? And Doug, I’ll just – I’ll mention, while I’ve got the line, a couple for you. The full year tax rate, 22%, is that what we should be baking in for Q3 and Q4 as well? Also, you mentioned capital spending, I think $130 million for the year. That’s a pretty significant uptick, especially in the back half of the year here. Just wondering if there’s any specific projects that’s related to. I think that’s it. Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So Tavis, on the profitability on the auto side, we’ve said for a while that our goal is to manage the segment for maximum profitability, and that continues to be our mindset. I believe that as we move into the back half of the year and holiday buying season, we’ll see some uptick in overall seasonality that will allow us to leverage our expense base there. I think it’s hard to speculate on what-ifs, but 10% profit on a business like this is still good profit dollars. So we continue to try to maximize those opportunities through the right levels of innovation and also focusing on niche categories to bring more margin to the segment. 
Doug Boessen: Great. Regarding first item, regarding CapEx. So yes, the project that we have that’s going to increase the CapEx in 2017, probably going into 2018, is some of the expansion we have here of late regarding our distribution center as well as manufacturing for aviation. We announced that last year. So we’ll see some spend here, some heavy spend come in the back half of the year that gets back up to the $130 million type of number. As it relates to tax rates, yes, our full year guide is 22%. For the first half, we’re somewhere close to that. Q3 and Q4 is going to be dependent on what kind of reserve releases we have in that period of time. We don’t factor those in until the actual reserve releases happen. But I think right now, the purpose is probably – your purpose is probably 22% full year, and each quarter is probably fair.
Tavis McCourt: Got you. And on the free cash flow guidance Doug. 
Doug Boessen: Sure.
Tavis McCourt: Are you expecting any meaningful change in working capital ending the year versus where you were last year?
Doug Boessen: Yes. So last year, we had quite a bit of favorability in working capital, primarily on the inventory side. So this year, if you look at the numbers, getting to the $550 million, we do expect some operating income improvement year-over-year and increased CapEx. But also, we won’t see as much improvement year-over-year in our CapEx or in our – simply our working capital as we saw in 2016 primarily because of inventory. We expect inventory probably to be up year-over-year. Probably maybe a similar type of year-over-year change that we saw in Q2, we should expect to see at year end.
Tavis McCourt: Great, very helpful. Thanks guys.
Cliff Pemble: Sure. Tavis.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brad Erickson of KeyBanc Capital Markets, you line is now open.
Brad Erickson: Hi guys thanks. So back to the fitness margins real fast. Does the commentary you gave about the basic wearable declines, did that lessen the margin headwinds over time on the fitness segment? Or should margin erosion just generally be sort of the working expectation for going forward, at least for the foreseeable future?
Cliff Pemble: So definitely the basic trackers have a lower margin profile so they’re becoming a smaller mix of the segment. It will improve our overall segment margin performance. We’re relatively flat on a year-on-year basis, and the reason for that is that our overall product line is more mature this year. So there’s some margin erosion that naturally occurs, and that’s we had fairly flat margin even though we had a lower mix of activity trackers.
Brad Erickson: *Got it. And then in terms of the holiday, can you just kind of talk about what you’re targeting for marketing and promotional activity, particularly for outdoor and fitness, relative to the year-ago period? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: I think you’ll see us do similar types and sizes of campaigns in the holiday buying season to support our overall revenue plan in our retailers as they carry our products.
Brad Erickson: Got it, thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Clif, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ronald Epstein of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Kristine Liwag: Okay, good morning guys, it’s Kristine Liwag on for Ron. In aviation, what was the growth in business jet OEMs in the quarter? And also, could you provide more color on which programs contributed to this growth. Is it light jets, medium-size jets or the super-mids?
Cliff Pemble: I think generally, the industry has already kind of reported single-digit kind of growth in aircraft deliveries. And I would say that we’re heavily indexed into the small to midsize area of the market. So the light jet market, as you know, has been fairly weak and the mid-size has been more robust.
Kristine Liwag: And then maybe switching gears. Boeing recently announced a new business unit focused on avionics. What do you think Boeing’s foray into avionics could mean for the industry. And how do you think this could trickle down to the large jets and affect you? I mean, a lot of your competitors in business jets also are suppliers to large aircraft like Boeings and Airbuses?
Cliff Pemble: We can’t really speculate on all of their reasons for doing that. I think certainly, there’s some hurdles to understand and going from zero to full avionics capability, and so it does require significant investment, significant staff. But at this point it’s hard to speculate on what they have in mind.
Kristine Liwag: Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Kristine.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ivan Feinseth of Tigress Financial. Your line is now open.
Ivan Feinseth: Hi, thank you for taking my questions and congratulations on another great quarter. My first question is on new product rollout. Can you give us some idea of what kind of new products can we expect to see in the second half of this year? And then I have a question about automotive.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So we can’t provide any additional details. We’ll be making announcements as we’re ready on the new products.
Ivan Feinseth: Is there any area specifically we could hope to see certain products in?
Cliff Pemble: Again, I can’t comment beyond what we’ve already provided.
Ivan Feinseth: Okay. And then on the automotive and OEM side, since many companies like Apple and Google and even Microsoft are getting involved in supplying some kind of software or data to the self-driving car, how do you envision your role concerning cameras, autopilot systems, GPSes? And you have extensive OEM relationships. In the bigger picture, where do you see your role in enabling the self-driving car?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think the car of the future definitely has lots of components and a huge amount of technology that’s rolled in. There probably won’t be one clear supplier or clear winner in all of that. We have our areas of expertise, as you pointed out, and that’s where we’re focusing our effort in terms of finding opportunity.
Ivan Feinseth: And also, like, for example, one of the apps you have available for the Fēnix is the remote control for the Tesla, which, by the way, seems to be an incredible app. And people that own Teslas that hear about it don’t even know Garmin makes a watch. They’ve been buying the watch and are impressed with the app. Now that app happens to be made by a third-party developer on your platform. Do you envision working with some of the OEM manufacturers to develop apps for your wearables such as the Tesla app?
Cliff Pemble: Well, certainly, one of the greatest strengths of our wearables is our app platform. It’s something we’ve invested in early. And as I mentioned, we’ve got a very positive amount of momentum going on in our app store. So people are able to create new utility and new applications for our devices, wearable and other devices as well using our Connect IQ. But in terms of specifics and working specifically with them, I can’t comment at this time.
Ivan Feinseth: Okay. Thank you very much.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Thanks, Ivan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Paul Chung: This is Paul Chung on for Coster. So just to go back to outdoor, can you confirm the breakout between DeLorme versus Fēnix and other products? And on Fēnix, how much of that growth was from the smaller form factor targeted at women? And then finally, on the operating margin for the increased multi-function scale DeLorme? Or was it something more structural?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. In terms of breakout by categories, we don’t do that in detail. Certainly, with the growth of Fēnix, it’s becoming a bigger part of our overall outdoor segment revenue. And DeLorme as well, the growth there is making a positive contribution, although from a smaller base.
Doug Boessen: Operating margin.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, the operating margin situation, definitely there’s leverage when you have significant revenue growth such as what we did. And as I mentioned earlier, we believe, generally, our investments in terms of engineering and, to some extent, marketing and advertisement, we’re getting some leverage benefit out of those
Paul Chung: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Will Power of Baird. Your line is now open. 
Will Power: Great, thank you. I guess a couple of quick follow-ups. Just coming back to aviation, you raised guidance there for the year. I know you had continued ADS-B strength, but maybe just any further color on what the upside surprise has been relative to your expectations? And then I got a second one.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So upside on aviation, definitely stronger growth in the aftermarket area than we anticipated.
Will Power: Okay. Any key particular products, I guess, within that?
Cliff Pemble: Well, again, ADS-B devices are strong growth area. And we are seeing the positive benefit of additional products being pulled into purchasing decisions as people retrofit their aircraft. 
Will Power: Okay. And then I just wanted to ask on the gross margin front. Based on the full year guidance, it implies slightly lower gross margins in the second half of the year versus the first half. I assume that’s principally a function of mix, but any other color there would be helpful.
Doug Boessen: Yes. It really relates to the fourth quarter. What you see basically relates to our promotional activity in the fourth quarter. But in gross margin, yes, the improvement we saw in the first half of the year, while that was due to segment mix, is having a higher percentage of our business in outdoor and aviation, which have higher margins, and then the decrease in the activity tracker business and the auto PND business.
Will Power: Okay. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks Will.
Operator: Thank you. I’m showing no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to over to Teri Seck for any closing remarks.
Teri Seck: Thanks, everyone. Doug and I are available for callbacks this afternoon. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does concludes program, you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-03 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd. Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd. Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.
Analysts: Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Brad D. Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a quick question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Teri Seck, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's first quarter 2017 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcasts and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, growth and operating margins, and future dividends, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products, and plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of the risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin recorded first quarter consolidated revenue of $639 million, up 2% over the prior year. Marine, outdoor, aviation and fitness collectively increased 12% year-over-year and contributed 75% of total revenues. Gross margin improved to 58.3% as both segment and product mix were favorable. As a result of our increased revenues and gross margins, our operating margin improved to 18.2%, while operating income increased 12%. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $1.26, which includes a significant income tax benefit recognized during the quarter. Pro forma EPS which excludes this benefit grew 7% to $0.52 in the quarter. We are pleased with our first quarter results, which delivered growth in revenue, profits and earnings. However, since Q1 represents the lowest seasonal quarter of our financial year, we are maintaining the guidance issued in February. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes. But first, I'd like to provide a few brief remarks on the performance of each business segment. Starting with marine, revenue grew 26%, ahead of the overall market resulting in market share gains. All major product categories performed well. Gross margin improved to 57% while operating margin improved to 17%, resulting in operating income growth of 76% over the prior year. Marine season is in full swing and we have seen strong demand for our latest product offerings. We started shipping our new GPSMAP chartplotters early in the season and the feedback from customers has been very positive. Looking forward, we remain focused on gaining market share through innovations that will clearly differentiate us in the market. Looking next at outdoor, revenue increased 20% on strong demand for outdoor wearables. The segment continue to generate strong gross margin and operating margin of 63% and 30%, respectively, while operating income grew 24% over the prior year. We began shipping the highly anticipated fēnix 5 adventure watch series late in the quarter. Orders have been very strong and we expect that it will take several weeks to catch up with demand. We also recently hosted our first Connect IQ Developer Summit, bringing together application developers and business partners to participate in hands-on workshops and breakout sessions with our product managers and engineers. At the event, we announced new capabilities for Connect IQ, including the ability for app developers to implement a revenue model. We also announced new integration partners including SmartThings, which gives us a strong presence in the emerging home automation market. Turning next to aviation, we reported solid revenue growth of 16%, driven by growth in aftermarket products and led by strong growth related to our ADS-B offerings. Gross and operating margins remained strong at 74% and 31%, respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 27% over the prior year. During the quarter, we started shipments of the G1000 NXi, the next generation integrated flight deck featuring wireless connectivity and enhanced safety features. We received European certification for the GTX 345, expanding the addressable market for this popular ADS-B transponder. In addition, we continue to support our OEM partners in the development and certification of new aircraft and helicopter platforms. Much has been said about the challenging market conditions, which remain a factor. However, we continue to believe that market share gains and new platforms provide opportunities for long-term growth. Looking next at fitness, revenue declined 3% driven by the rapidly maturing market for basic activity trackers, especially those which lack GPS capability. Despite this challenge, we are very pleased with the performance of advanced wearables with GPS capability, which experience robust growth during the quarter and nearly offset the steep decline of basic activity trackers. Gross margin increased to 56% as product mix shifted to the higher-margin devices. Operating margin increased to 13%, resulting in operating income growth of 11%. During the quarter, we launched the Forerunner 935, which is our most advanced multisport watch with new running dynamics features and enhanced performance and recovery monitoring. We also introduced our latest vívosmart 3, an ultra-slim smart activity tracker with wrist based heart rate and an innovative stress tracking feature. While we continue to see the market for basic activity trackers mature, we also see growth opportunities in advanced wearables with GPS, and we are confident in our product roadmap going forward. Looking finally at the auto segment, revenues were down 19% in the quarter due to the ongoing decline of the PND market and partially offset by growth in our Auto OEM product lines. Gross margin was 44%, which is consistent year-over-year while operating margin declined to 4%. During the quarter, we began shipping our next generation Drive family of PND devices, which has wireless connectivity and enhanced driver alerts. We also introduced the Dash Cam 45 and 55 offering high-quality recording in an ultra-compact form factor. We remain focused on disciplined execution to bring desired innovation to the market and to maximize profitability in the segment. Okay, finally, before turning the call over to Doug, I wanted to mention the recognition we recently received from Forbes Magazine ranking us among the Top 100 Most Reputable Companies In America. I'm pleased to work very hard to make Garmin the best at everything we do and to operate the business with integrity. It's a special honor for all of us to be recognized in this way. So, that concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details of our financial results.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our first quarter financial results to move the comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $639 million for the first quarter representing a 2% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 58.3%, a 380-basis point increase from the prior year created by the shift towards segments with higher margin as well as product mix within certain segments. Operating expense as a percentage of sales is 40.1%, 230 basis points increase from the prior year. Operating income was $116 million, a 12% increase year-over-year. Operating margin was 18.2%, 160 basis points increase from the prior year. And the increase in gross margin was an offset to increase in operating expenses. Our GAAP EPS was $1.26 to include a $169 million income tax benefit due to reevaluation of certain Switzerland deferred tax assets. Our pro forma EPS was $0.52, a 7% increase from the prior year. Next, we'll look at our first quarter revenue by segment. In the first quarter, we achieved 2% consolidated growth led by double-digit growth in three of our five segments. Collectively, marine, outdoor, aviation and fitness were up 12% compared to the prior-year quarter. Looking next, the first quarter revenue charts. Collectively, the marine, outdoor, aviation and fitness segments contributed 75% total revenue in the first quarter 2017 compared to 69% the prior quarter. Marine grew from 13% to 16%, while aviation grew from 17% to 19%, and outdoor grew from 16% to 18%. You can see in the charts where we illustrate profit mix by segment. Marine, outdoor, aviation, fitness segments collectively delivered 94% of operating income in the first quarter of 2017 compared to 82% first quarter of 2016. Marine, outdoor, aviation, fitness segments had a year-over-year increase in both operating income dollars and operating margin. Looking next to the operating expenses. First quarter operating expenses increased by $20 million or 8%. Research and development increased $14 million year-over-year or 180 basis points to 19.1% of sales. We continued to invest in innovation, increasing resources focused primarily on aviation, fitness, outdoor, marine, where we see long-term growth opportunities. SG&A was up $6 million compared to prior quarter, and increased 70 basis points as a percent of sales to 16%. Increased spending in SG&A was primarily driven by increased legal-related expenses and information technology costs. Advertising expense was relatively flat compared to prior-year quarter, representing 4.9% of sales. A few highlights from the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of approximately $2.3 billion. Accounts receivable had decreased as expected sequentially and year-over-year, $391 million. Our inventory balance increased over the prior year sequentially to $533 million as we prepare for the seasonally strong second quarter. In the first quarter of 2017, we generated free cash flow of $95 million, a $21 million decrease from the prior year quarter. Also during quarter, we paid dividends of $96 million. We purchased $28 million of company stock, with $47 million remaining for purchase through December 2017. In the first quarter of 2017, we reported income tax benefit of $150 million, which includes a $160 million (sic) [$169 million] (12:22) income tax benefit due to revaluation of certain Switzerland deferred tax assets. Excluding the $160 million (sic) [$169 million] (12:28) income tax benefit, the first quarter 2017 pro forma effective tax rate was 21.3% compared to 18.1% the prior quarter (sic) [prior year quarter] (12:37). The 320 basis point year-over-year increase in the pro forma effective tax rate is primarily due to the company's election to align certain Switzerland tax positions with international tax initiatives. We continue to expect our full year 2017 pro forma effective tax rate to be approximately 22%. This concludes our formal remarks. Christy, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Charlie Anderson of Dougherty & Company. Your line is open.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: ...for taking my questions, Cliff, I noticed in outdoor, marine and aviation, you're sort of well ahead of where you laid out the segment guidance for the year. So, I wonder if you could kind of talk about how that flows the rest of the year considering we started that these kind of high levels to begin the year and then I have a follow up.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, I think, for outdoor and marine, the first quarter tends to be the lowest quarter particularly in outdoor and marine it's a little higher. Aviation is more sequential. In aviation, we did see some benefit from increased mandate activity, some of which are expiring. So, just looking forward, we felt like it's best to maintain where we're at until we have more clarity around second quarter.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Okay. Then on fēnix 5, I know it's very early right now. But I know part of the rationale for that product was to expand the market beyond the current users. I wonder if you have any data back yet on who's buying, are they existing Garmin owners or are they new people, are the demographics changing? Any color on that would be helpful. Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, definitely the demographics are changing, particularly around the fēnix 5S model, which was designed specifically around the female adventure audience. And the data we're getting back through our online registrations and of course our cloud platform, Garmin Connect, suggests that we're being very successful with that.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Charlie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Simona Jankowski of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thank you very much. Can you give us a sense for the split within the fitness segment between the basic activity trackers and the advanced wearables?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: It's about even.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: It's about even, okay. And then your inventory days are really high, 183, which I think may be an all-time record. And I did hear your comments about preparing for the seasonally strong second quarter. But it still seems like a high level of inventory. So, is that because you're seeing stronger than usual demand in the June quarter or is there something in there that like activity trackers that is maybe the result of some of those categories coming a bit short of expectations?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: No, I wouldn't say it's due to shortness at all. We are preparing for what has become – Q2 has become nearly as big as Q4 in terms of its overall contribution. And we do have some new product ramps such as the fēnix 5, which are driving additional inventory. I think our goal is to have in-stock situation, so that we can ship to any customer that wants our products during high season. And we'll continue to manage it pragmatically then throughout the rest of the year.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Simona.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Tavis McCourt of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Just a clarification, Cliff, on the roughly 50/50 split in fitness between basic and GPS-enabled given the ASP differences. Is that a unit split or a revenue split?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: I think it's a revenue split.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then a couple of other follow-ups on cost structure. So, obviously, we've seen a big increase in memory prices the last six months or so. How has that impacted you guys in the first half of this year or is there an impact that we should expect in the second half of the year related to that? And then it looks like advertising expense was down year-over-year for the first time in a while, is that something you would expect to continue or was that timing related?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, on the memory prices, definitely, there's a tighter market and prices have been going up. We have some longer term buying arrangements that have allowed us to continue at more favorable pricing during the first part of the year. We do expect to see some impact towards the later half of the year, but we think the impact will be minimal. In terms of ad spending, Q1, we basically have reserved a lot of our activity until Q2. So, I would expect that to increase sequentially and possibly a little year-over-year as well. But since Q2 is one of the higher quarters, we're going to be promoting our more popular wearables particularly during the quarter.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. And I just wanted to make sure I understood correctly your commentary around aviation given the strong Q1. Was it stronger than you had expected entering the quarter or did you expect a lot of the aftermarket strength and that will ebb and flow throughout the year?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, we were pleased. We outperformed our expectations for sure and, as I mentioned, there is some mandates particularly around EMS helicopters that drove some sales, plus we did have very popular aftermarket products that also performed well along with ADS-B.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Joe Wittine of Longbow. Your line is open.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Thanks. In fitness for the half of the segment that's non-GPS, Cliff, are you able to give some sense of the magnitude of the declines you're seeing in that market for simple devices?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, just to clarify, fitness consists of both the wearable fitness trackers as well as the running watches and then bike. But in terms of overall, its contribution, we saw sharply lower revenues in the quarter and offset by very strong growth in the running products.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Are you able to provide any sort of idea of just the severity of those declines just to help us level set our models (19:08)?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. I think – we don't break it out by segment for sure but as we expected when we came into Q1 based on what we saw in the latter half of 2016, activity trackers were down sharply. I think there's probably lots of different reasons for that and I think there'll be obviously more color around that even as we move through the day. But it seems like there's a lot of inventory in the channel particularly with market leaders that's being worked through. And as that clears and as new products get in such as our vívosmart 3, we believe that it will moderate as the year goes forward.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: With that dichotomy between the low-end and the high-end, are you making any strategic changes to your development resources for the segment, either pulling back on the low end or reassigning to higher-end devices? Or is the strategy to remain every bit as committed to continuing to add features to the below GPS product set?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, we have a strong roadmap on the basic trackers, as we've evidenced by the release of our initial products this year. We have additional products coming but obviously, we're taking a pragmatic approach to the investment and applying it where we see the most opportunity.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And then finally for me, fēnix 5, the availability remains pretty spotty, including through April, a bunch of big retailers still don't have it. I don't think you're selling it on garmin.com just yet. So, you referenced orders are strong. I just wanted to confirm there's no supply-side issues to be aware of. And I suppose it's more difficult to manage them prior launches given the higher number of individual SKUs than previously. Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. I think definitely we're pleased with the initial response, and it's not just a matter of low supply, we've been delivering in very nice quantities, for sure. But the orders and the reorders have been very strong. So, it's going to take some time to work through all of the orders that we have.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks a lot.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Coster of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my question. As the mix shift goes towards more ramps, devices in the fitness category, what should the impact on gross margins and operating margins in that segment be, please?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, it'll definitely mix up because the higher-end devices tend to have the higher gross margin. So, we would expect it will have an overall positive impact on gross margin percentage and operating margin percentage.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And my second question is, you appear to be gaining market share again in marine and possibly in aviation. Can you just talk us through what's giving rise to that? How that's coming about and can it be sustained?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, I think our product lines particularly in marine and also I mentioned some strength in aviation too, but our product lines are very strong. We've been keeping them fresh and, as a result, we believe that customers are seeing the value and the differentiation that Garmin brings to the market. Keep in mind, these are both very niche segments, without a lot of dynamics in terms of the overall channel and the consumer. So, consequently, I think obviously there's some limit to what the potential growth trajectory looks like over the long term. But our goal is to be the market share leader and to continue to be able to grow with the market.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Yuuji Anderson of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my question. A question on gross margins, just overall, you saw a good improvement year-over-year in Q1. But just kind of assuming things kind of trend back towards your 56% guidance for the year. Are there certain segments that are going to see more volatility than others? Just any color will be helpful there.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. I think a lot of it's going to depend again on product and segment mix. In Q1, we had the benefit of higher than expected growth in marine and aviation, which mixed to be overall consolidated up more. As we move into Q2, which is seasonally higher and sequentially higher, we'll see how that mix develops both in terms of segments and products.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just a question on fitness, is it fair to say that – did you see a pause in shipments ahead of the new product launches in Q1? So, are you expecting to kind of make back a lot of that in Q2?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, we really didn't pre-announce any of the products in Q1. We were basically ready to ship when we announce the products. So, we didn't see any market impact from announcements that impacted order. That said with the new products, we've seen excitement around those and we're encouraged by the follow-through in the market on these new products.
Yuuji Anderson - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Yuuji.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Good morning.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: I wanted to start on the aviation business. Could you talk a little bit about what you're seeing in the OEM category on the business jet side? Any expectations you have for how that develops through the year if visibility does improve and kind of your market share impressions? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, on the OEM side of aviation, I would say, it's business as usual from what we've been reporting for a while now. The overall OEM side of the business as has been widely reported by many players has been kind of lethargic in terms of the market. We're doing, I would say, okay. But, we kind of move along with the ups and downs of our OEM partners. We do have the benefit of some newer platforms that we're still comp-ing against from last year. So, that's an incremental benefit but in general OEM continues to be somewhat sluggish.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: And a broader question when you look at kind of the wearables category as a whole, how do you view the impact of what Apple has done with Watch? Last night they said, the units for their Apple Watch grew nearly 100% year-on-year. I'm curious if you think it's having any impact on your outdoor and fitness business. And then, a last housekeeping item, maybe for Doug. Could he talk about the FX impact to operating profit in the quarter before, including the FX hedges? Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, Ben, in terms of impact from the Apple Watch, we are also seeing steep growth in our advanced wearable category. It doesn't seem to us that there is an impact from the Apple Watch. We have said before that we believe the customer-base for the Apple Watch versus our devices are slightly different. So consequently, I think we're seeing a strong performance and even some pull through from their success as people see the opportunity for improved health and for pursuing active lifestyles. And they probably recognize then that Garmin offers strong products for those pursuits.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. And regarding the FX impact in Q1, there was a revenue headwind about $6 million, so not a significant amount of impact in the quarter.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brad Erickson of Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
Brad D. Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. First, can you just lay out how much Q1 outdoor benefited from the fēnix 5 channel fill, or I guess how much it added to the overall outdoor growth rate in the quarter?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: We don't break it out by product categories. But we were pleased with what we're able to deliver in Q1.
Brad D. Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. And then I guess a higher level question on fitness. Given the maturity in basic trackers you're calling out, is that a business Garmin really wants to be in longer term? We've always known that pricing and margins would inevitably sort of compress in that segment. But with calling out maturity, it seems like it's a headwind worth addressing now from a strategic standpoint. Any comment there?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, let's say, it's still a very large market. It's still a market that is adjacent to our interest in the overall active lifestyles. And so, it's an area that we still have a lot of interest in.
Brad D. Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Brad.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Rich Valera of Needham & Company. Your line is open.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Thank you. Cliff, I just wanted to try to clarify your comments about the basic trackers being – I think you said 50% of the wearables in fitness, but that would exclude the cycling products. Is that correct?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: That's correct.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: And so, it's less than 50% of the total fitness category revenue, right?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: And would you be willing to give any sense of how big the cycling piece is?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: No. Sorry. We don't break it down more than that.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Fair enough. And just on the marine category, obviously, you saw a very strong growth there. And I would guess you got some year-over-year benefit from the partial quarter contribution of the DeLorme in the first quarter of 2016. Would you be willing to give any sense of how much of year-over-year benefit you might have gotten from that sort of partial quarter DeLorme impact in the first quarter of 2017?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. So, DeLorme is actually recognized in the outdoor segment and the majority of our growth in outdoor was driven by wearables with less than half of that really coming from DeLorme.
Rich F. Valera - Needham & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our Q&A session for today. I'd like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for any further remarks.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, everyone. Doug and I will be available for callbacks today. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-22 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd. Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd. Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.
Analysts: Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, today's program may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Teri Seck. Please go ahead.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited' fourth quarter 2016 earnings call. Please note that the earnings, press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcripts will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any states regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you, Teri. And good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin finished 2016 on a strong note. Revenue for the quarter increased 10% over the prior year to $861 million. Outdoor, Fitness, Marine and Aviation collectively increased 25% year-over-year and contributed 74% of total revenues. Gross margin improved year-over-year to 54.7%. Operating margin was essentially flat at 18.6%, while operating income increased 10%. These strong results generated GAAP EPS of $0.72 and pro forma EPS of $0.73 in the quarter. Looking briefly at our full year performance, 2016 was a remarkable year as we delivered four consecutive quarters of revenue and profit growth. Revenue increased 7% over 2015 and exceeded $3 billion for the first time since 2008. Outdoor, Fitness, Marine and Aviation increased 21% on a combined basis, contributing over $2.1 billion in revenue for the year or 71% of the total and generated 84% of our operating income. Gross and operating margins improved to 55.6% and 20.7% respectively, while operating income grew 14%. This resulted in GAAP EPS of $2.70 and pro forma EPS of $2.83, both representing strong increases over the prior year. Unit deliveries increased 4% to 16.8 million, which is the second highest in our history and broadened our total units shipped to over $173 million since Garmin's inception. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first, I'd like to highlight the 2016 performance and 2017 outlook for each of our five segments. Okay. Starting with Outdoor, revenue increased 33% on strong demand for outdoor wearables, contributions from DeLorme and growth in all other product categories. Segment generated strong growth and operating margins of 62% and 34% respectively while operating income grew 32% over the prior year. Looking back at 2016, our fēnix line of adventure watches continue to show strong momentum while high-end Chronos variations are opening new retail channels at watch stores and specialty retailers. Our Connect IQ application platform has become an important differentiator for our smart wearables. Connect IQ now features over 2,500 apps, widgets and watch faces and has generated more than 24 million downloads since inception. To further promote the power and utility of Connect IQ, we will host our first ever developer conference in mid-April, offering workshops and tools that developers can use to leverage the Garmin wearable ecosystem. Looking ahead, we anticipate revenue growth of approximately 10% in 2017. We anticipate that wearables will continue to be strong, led by the new fēnix 5 series. fēnix 5 comes in three different sizes and features our new QuickFit band replacement system, allowing users to quickly change the style of their watch. We are also expanding our handheld device portfolio with inReach satellite communication technology, and we will introduce inReach devices into new geographic markets. Looking next to Fitness, we reported robust revenue growth of 24%, driven by strong demand for wearables with Garmin Elevate wrist heart rate technology. In addition, vívofit jr. was well received by retailers and customers during the holiday shopping season. Gross and operating margins were 53% and 20% respectively. Gross margin was impacted by product mix while operating margin was relatively flat to the prior year, resulting in operating income growth of 19%. Much has been said recently about the momentum change in certain wearable categories specifically basic activity trackers. However, demand for products with more advanced features particularly those with GPS capability was very strong in the holiday quarter. One possible explanation is that customers want more than just a basic activity tracker. We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on this trend with the broadest portfolio of activity trackers, many of which include GPS capability. In 2017, we are targeting revenue growth of approximately 5% in the Fitness segment with strength in cycling and advanced wearables offsetting anticipated softness in basic activity trackers. Looking next at the Marine segment, revenue grew 16% ahead of the overall market, pointing towards market share gains driven primarily by strong demand for fishfinders and chartplotters. Gross margin was steady at 55%, while operating margin improved to 16%, resulting in operating income growth of 82% over the prior year. The marine season is off to a great start, and we are ready to serve with a strong portfolio of products for every boating pursuit. For 2017, we're targeting revenue growth of approximately 10% for the Marine segment. Turning next to Aviation, we reported solid revenue growth of 10%, driven by ADS-B and retrofit upgrades, as well as growth in our OEM categories. Gross and operating margin remained strong at 75% and 28%, respectively, resulting in operating income growth of 12% for the year. In recent developments, Textron Airland announced that the Scorpion light attack aircraft will be equipped with Garmin avionics, expanding the addressable market for our commercial off-the-shelf equipment into military and government applications. We are excited about our expanding partnership with Textron, and we look forward to serving on the Scorpion aircraft. I also want to mention that for the 13th consecutive year, Garmin was ranked number one in avionics support by Professional Pilot Magazine and by Aviation International News. I want to congratulate our team on earning this award once again, which is a testament to the quality of Garmin equipment and the amazing way our associates care for our customers. In 2017, we are targeting revenue growth of approximately 5% in the Aviation segment. While industry dynamics remain a factor, market share gains, new platforms, and the ADS-B mandate provide opportunities for growth. Looking finally at the Auto segment, revenues were down 17% for the full year, as expected, due to the ongoing decline of the PND market. However, our global market share remains very strong. Gross and operating margins were 44% and 12%, respectively. While the downward trend of the consumer PND market is well understood, we do see incremental growth opportunities in certain product categories, including trucking, RV, cameras, and in our OEM business. We are focused on maximizing profits in the segment while leveraging these opportunities. Earlier today, we announced that BMW selected Garmin as a Tier 1 supplier of infotainment computing modules for future BMW models produced in China. This is a pivotal win for us and validates the investments we have been making in the OEM category. Looking at 2017, we expect revenue to decline approximately 17%, driven by the ongoing decline of the PND market. We remain focused on disciplined execution in order to bring pragmatic innovation to the market and to maximize profitability in the segment. In summary, we see many opportunities ahead in each market we serve, and we are well positioned, with a strong product lineup. With this in mind, we are projecting revenue of approximately $3.02 billion, flat year-over-year, as growth in Fitness, Outdoor, Aviation, and Marine is offset by anticipated declines in the Auto segment. We are projecting steady gross margin of approximately 56%, and operating margin of approximately 20%. We expect a pro forma effective tax rate of approximately 22% for the year, resulting in pro forma earnings per share of approximately $2.65. So that concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'll begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full year financial results, then move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement, and taxes. We posted revenue of $861 million for the fourth quarter, representing a 10% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 54.7%, a 180-basis-point increase from the prior year, driven by the shift towards segments with higher margin. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 36.1%, 200-basis-point increase from the prior year. Operating income was $160 million, 10% increase from the prior year. Operating margin was 18.6%. Our GAAP EPS was $0.72. Our pro forma EPS was $0.73. Looking at full year results, we posted revenue of over $3 billion for the year, representing a 7% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 55.6%, 100-basis-point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 35%, consistent with prior year. Operating income was $624 million, 14% increase over the prior year. Operating margin was 20.7%, increase of 100 basis points from the prior year, driven by the gross margin increase. Our GAAP EPS was $2.70, 13% increase from the prior year. Pro forma EPS was $2.83, 14% increase from the prior year. We'll discuss gross margin, operating expenses in more detail later. Next, we look at fourth quarter and full year revenue by segment. In the fourth quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in four out of five segments led by the Outdoor segment at 46%. Collectively, these four segments were up 25% compared to prior-year quarter. For the full year 2016, we achieved 7% consolidated growth led by robust growth in our Outdoor and Fitness segments and solid double-digit growth in Marine and Aviation segments. Looking next, the fourth quarter revenue charts, during the quarter, Fitness grew to be our largest segment as it grew to 32% of revenue in the current period compared to 29% from the prior year. Outdoor grew from 16% to 20%. The Auto segment represented 26% our total fourth quarter 2016 revenue compared to 35% fourth quarter 2015. You can see from the charts illustrate profit mix by segment. Outdoor, Fitness, Marine and Aviation collectively delivered 88% of operating income the fourth quarter 2016, compared to 74% the fourth quarter 2015. Outdoor operating income as a percentage of total operating income increased from 27% to 36%. Total corporate operating margin was relatively flat per year as gross margin improvement was offset by increased operating expenses. Looking next to the full year charts, for the full year, the non-Auto segments made up 71% total revenue compared to 62% in 2015. Similar shift occurred in operating income with 84% of 2016 operating income collectively coming from the Outdoor, Fitness, Marine and Aviation segments compared to 75% 2015. Looking next at operating expenses, fourth quarter operating expense increased by $44 million or 16%. Research and development increased $23 million year-over-year, 140 basis points to 15% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation, increasing resources focused primarily on Aviation, Fitness, Outdoor and Marine where we see long-term growth opportunities. The fourth quarter 2016 was also impacted by the additional weaker expense from the addition of the DeLorme business. Our advertising expense increased $11 million to the prior quarter, representing 7.9% of sales, a 60-basis-point increase. Additional spending was focused on the Outdoor and Fitness segments to support growth in wearables. SG&A was up $9 million compared to prior quarter, but decreased 10 basis points as a percent of sales to 13.3%. Increased spending in SG&A was driven primarily by additional weaker expense in addition of the DeLorme business, partially offset by year-over-year decrease in litigation-related costs. A few highlights on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash, marketable securities of approximately $2.3 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially due to holiday quarter and decreased year-over-year to $527 million. Inventory balance decreased year-over-year to $485 million as we exited the seasonally strong fourth quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2016, we generated free cash flow of $165 million, a $34 million increase to the prior quarter. Also during the quarter (15:45) we paid two quarterly dividends for approximately $96 million for a total of $192 million. We purchased $28 million of company stock. We extended the expiration date for our share repurchase program to December 2017, have approximately $75 million remaining for purchase. We expect to repurchase as business and market conditions warrant. Assuming our dividend payments were normalized, the four dividends totaling $385 million returned $478 million of cash to our shareholders through dividend payments through share purchases in 2016. The effective tax rate was 19% in the current quarter compared to 13.2% in the prior quarter. Increase was primarily due to the full year impact of the U.S. R&D tax credit being recorded in the fourth quarter 2015 compared to being spread over all four quarters 2016. Our full year 2016 effective tax rate was 18.9%, a 70-basis-point decrease from the prior year primarily due to income mix by tax jurisdiction. We expect our full year 2017 pro forma tax rate to be approximately 22%. Switzerland is in the process of aligning corporate tax rules from evolving international tax initiatives. We've elected at this time to align certain Switzerland tax positions with these initiatives resulting in year-over-year increase to pro forma tax rate. The utilization of a deferred tax asset will reduce our cash tax liability so we do not expect to pay any additional cash taxes in Switzerland 2017. We announced that we plan to seek shareholder approval for a dividend of $2.04 per share payable in four installments, $0.51 per share per quarter beginning with the June 2017 calendar quarter. This concludes our formal remarks. Jonathan, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Certainly. Our first question comes from the line of Joe Wittine from Longbow Research. Your question, please?
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Hi. Thanks. First of all, I want to be clear on Fitness, specifically trackers, because the guidance is a lot better than many had feared and would kind of suggest you intend to take share at least relative to the main competitor in 2017. So, the key driver from your perspective is that you're seeing consumers adopt GPS-enabled more strongly. Is that right?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: We saw, Joe, particularly strength in more advanced trackers, as I said in my remarks, particularly those with GPS.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Cliff, how would you expect the GPS-equipped product set to evolve? And I don't know if you have data to show it or not, but are you seeing your dedicated running customers move from traditional Forerunners to products like vívoactive HR and/or the Forerunner 35?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: I think, probably, we see more the other direction where people who got started and wore basic activity tracker or something in our vivo line might wish to move up into more advanced running devices as they explore the sport. But I think vívo, its quality is daily wear, so it certainly wouldn't preclude people from moving the other direction, but we think mostly, it's an upward movement.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then, on fēnix, in what quarter will fēnix 5, which obviously looks great, by the way. In what quarter will the channel fill occur? Will it happen mostly in March or end of the second quarter?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. Thank you on that. Definitely, we'll start late in Q1, so it will be mostly a full impact in Q2.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. I'll step aside. Congrats.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next comes from the line of Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Your question, please?
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Yes. Thanks for taking the question. First one is, the revenue outlook for 2017 looks pretty conservative to me. I'm just wondering, Cliff, whether you'd be kind enough to share the assumptions, sort of big macro assumptions, that have gone into that guidance? Then I've got a couple of small follow-ups.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, I think some would say it's conservative, others might say it's not. But, as you know, there's a lot of dynamics going on in the market right now. I think everybody is focused on fitness and what the dynamic will be there. I think it is an area where there is uncertainty because of everything that's going on. But we believe that we still have ability to grow. Outdoor, we see ongoing opportunities for fēnix, as we mentioned in our remarks, as well as expansion of the DeLorme opportunity. Marine is off to a great start, and we do think that our product line is strong. We should be able to have a strong year in Marine. And then finally, Aviation is an industry that has had ongoing challenges with the economic situation. That's not really changing, in our view, but we do see these opportunities that we've been pursuing adding to incremental growth. And then finally, in Auto, there's not much more to say there, except that the PND market decline continues, as you're well aware, and we are excited, because we are to a point now in the business where the growth in the other segments are offsetting the declines in PND.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Your nearest competitor in fitness is very visible with headlines regarding corporate relationships. You're, I think, less so. How important is that market to the growth of that category for Garmin?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, we're investing in that category as well. We have had our own sets of successes, which have been published out there, some of them, and some of them have not. We don't break it out by categories in that area, but we are investing there. We have dedicated teams, both on the sales and engineering side, that are working on product customizations and engagements with customers that allow us to win deals there.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Last question is on the PND side. You obviously are still investing, because otherwise you wouldn't win such key accounts as BMW in China. But why bother investing? Isn't it time to just harvest the cash from that segment and let it kind of fade away, or even cut it at some point?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, there's still opportunities in PND. And one thing I'd like to clarify is that the BMW opportunity is not PND. That's auto OEM. And that's a different category of products within our overall Auto segment. But PND, we do still see opportunities there, as I mentioned. Some of the specialty opportunities in RV and truck are things that we're investing in, as well as camera technology. And we're taking a pragmatic approach, as I mentioned in my remarks. We believe there's still customers that are interested in those products. And with the right amount of innovation, we can keep the category healthy.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Congratulations on the good print. (22:53)
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Anderson from Dougherty & Co. Your question, please.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Thanks for taking my questions, and my congrats on the strong results and the BMW win.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: I wanted to start on BMW. I wondered if you could talk to us about timing, when we may see the first revenue there? And then also scope, I think there's a lot of ways you guys approach that market, be it hardware, software. Anything you can give us in terms of additional color, and maybe even roughly ASP per vehicle, is it measured in tens of dollars, hundreds of dollars? Any additional color there would be helpful. Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: So, BMW, we anticipate the program will be starting in the 2020 model year, which means late 2019 for production and revenue, start of revenue ramp. It is for vehicles in the China market. So, this is local production for local vehicles. It is a hardware-based Tier 1 opportunity. So, we invested in our factory capability in order to be qualified as a Tier 1 supplier to BMW. And as such, because it's a hardware opportunity, the ASPs are definitely much higher than what typical software opportunities are, although I can't share the details of what those are.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. And I just have a couple of follow-ups for Doug. Number one, on the FX. I think your original guidance for the year was euro at $1.10. I wonder where you'd finished and then what you're implying in the guide for 2017. I don't know if I missed this, but CapEx for 2017, if you could share that with me.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So, what we're anticipating for FX assumptions for 2017 are basically the current rates that are out there, at $1.05 for euro. Then as it relates to CapEx, we anticipate the CapEx to increase in 2017 primarily due to the Olathe expansion probably between total CapEx between $130 million and $140 million.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Your question, please.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Doug, could you tell us a little bit more about what's happening with the Swiss tax position? What exactly are you doing? Is this onetime in 2017 and the rate declines going forward or is 22% kind of the new baseline? And then I have a follow up for Clift.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Sure. As I mentioned, Switzerland is in the process of aligning their corporate tax rules with evolving international tax initiatives. You may have heard corporate tax reform in Switzerland was proposed and voted on recently, but it didn't pass. They're working on a new proposal but the timeline for that is not known at this time. So, as a result of all of that, we elected this time to align our certain Switzerland tax positions with international tax initiatives. And I also mentioned that we don't expect to pay an additional cash tax in Switzerland in 2017 since we have deferred tax that's reduced our cash tax liability. As it relates to beyond, we to anticipate this 300 or so basis point increase to be in there in the future and depending upon what other kind of initiatives that come up from Switzerland or such, but we think that will probably continue at that type of rate from a book standpoint.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. Cliff, you talked about the rollup, maybe your thoughts in Fitness and a little bit in Outdoor with fēnix and handheld on DeLorme. Do you have any thoughts on what you expect to see on golf and in dog training in 2017? It looks like those grew organically in 2016. Are you expecting more of the same there? Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. Ben, definitely, all of the categories in Outdoor showed growth in 2016. Golf and dogs are both very nichey categories in comparison to some of the other categories and there's been a lot said in the last year or two about the situation in the golf market and declining interest and even some notable bankruptcies in golf-specific retailers. But we're generally believing that those will be flat in the coming year. Again, they're niche categories and they have cycles. So, they'll generally be trending in line with what they have been.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Liu from Morgan Stanley. Your question please?
Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Thank you. Just first on Outdoor and Fitness, could you give us a little bit more color on this past holiday season? Some of your competitors had weaker-than-expected performance. So, were you able to take share, gain shelf space or were you able to use some promotional activities to help generate demand? Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, I think, Jerry, many of our products that we offer in Outdoor and Fitness are beyond some of the notable news that's been circulating in terms of the overall activity tracker market. So, our product lines were strong, particularly those with GPS. fēnix was a good performer. And we see people wanting to step up to a more advanced smart watch kind of a product which fēnix definitely falls in that category.
Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And when we look at 2017, I think you're looking at a second straight year where Outdoor is going to grow faster than Fitness and Outdoor, again, two years or strong growth compared to, at least the prior three years when you were roughly flat. So, it seems like there's more than product cycles that there's some pretty strong secular trends for you. So, other than some of your maybe existing customers moving up from the vívo lines, are you seeing even more retailers stock your Outdoor products for the first time? Are you seeing sort of a higher level of new users coming to Garmin and coming to especially to fēnix products?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. I think we talked about the secular trends, particularly in Fitness, and we do anticipate that basic activity trackers are going to see a maturing cycle starting now and going forward into the future. But with that said, on the Outdoor side, we do see positive response to our fēnix 5 announcement, and we anticipate starting deliveries of those soon. And we also do see increasing interest from retailers in the outdoor wearables. So, for example, we're gaining additional shelf space in some of the key retailers particularly in the U.S. and expanding our shelf space in the U.S. market. It is attracting a different kind of customer. There's certainly a strong, running bias in people that buy fēnix product, but we're also seeing people that are just generally aspirational and love any kind of outdoor activity move up to the launch.
Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Understood. And lastly, when we look at channel inventories, both how it turned in the fourth quarter and what you're expecting for the first quarter?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: We believe our channel inventories are reasonable exiting the year and into Q1. Many retailers particularly in the U.S. try to manage their inventories very carefully as they close out their year. But we believe our inventory situation is okay.
Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tavis McCourt from Raymond James. Your question, please.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, Cliff and Doug. A couple of quick follow-ups on the BMW announcement. Is there any upfront cost, either expensed or capitalized, heading into that 2019 launch? And should we think of this as kind of a scalable solution that BMW could use for a range of cars, or kind of specifically for high end? And then, secondly, on the wearables business, I wondered if you can give me a sense of, I guess, the mix of the wearables business or if you just want to talk about it in terms of Fitness terms, of products that do not have GPS at this point? How small a portion is that of the mix, and if there's any chance we can get an update on number of Garmin Connect users, active or otherwise, however you guys define them internally? That would be helpful. Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. Starting first on BMW, for this program, there's not any significant upfront investments for this particular program. We had already made investments in our factories in order to be able to accommodate this kind of win, and those are already costs that we've incurred. For the solution, it's the media graphics unit, which actually is a common architecture piece across the entire BMW line, not only in China but around the world. So, consequently, this is production of that architecture for the China market, but it's scalable elsewhere. In terms of Fitness, in terms of the mix there, as I mentioned, we are seeing stronger interest in more advanced product in the wearable side, and that includes what we would call our wellness line, like vivo, as well as, obviously, Forerunners which are all GPS products. We don't split those out by category, but I would say that GPS was the stronger performer, and basic activity trackers were weaker.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And then, any chance we can get an update on number of Garmin Connect users?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: We don't have numbers to share right now, but we can certainly prepare those and share them in the future.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs. Your question, please.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thank you. Another follow-up on the Fitness segment. I think you mentioned in the prepared remarks that gross margins were impacted by product mix. But I would've thought that the weaker basic activity trackers would actually have helped margins. So, just wanted to clarify that point. And then curious to hear what, if any, impact you saw from the new Apple Watch that included GPS?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. So, definitely, product mix is still a factor, even though basic activity trackers were weaker. Basic activity trackers have a very low cost basis. So, their margin profile doesn't necessarily improve the overall fitness market if they're weaker. That said, also the vívo line in general, including those with GPS, they're feature rich products, and they have to sell at a competitive price. So, consequently, their margin profile is generally lower. In terms of Apple and the specific impact on our market by the Series 2, I would say that certainly, their initial results would appear like they're doing very well with Series 2. But we don't see the impact on our customers and our segment from that device. I think that it's a very competent device and it does a lot of things, but as we've said before in the past, we believe that it's attracting a slightly different customer base than what we speak to.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Will Power from Baird. Your question, please.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah. Great. Thanks. Just a couple of questions. I guess within the Marine segment, you know, looking at the growth outlook for 2017, how much of that is macro, and maybe your thoughts on what you're seeing from the broader environment there versus share, and specifically maybe any other color on what's helping drive the share gains? And then, Doug, just any color on how to think about free cash flow for 2017. You gave us the CapEx number, but as we kind of fold that in, any other framing to that for 2017 would be helpful.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Okay. Well, starting with Marine, definitely, there's a component of our outlook that reflects the improving macroeconomic conditions surrounding Marine. Marine has been kind of on a slow growth trajectory since the downturn, and we continue to see that. So certainly, some of that is due to organic market growth. But, certainly, the other part is the momentum we see in our business and particularly we believe we're taking share from the major competitors. And we believe the reason for that is our strong product lineup and superior features and technologies that we have in our products.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Great. And regarding free cash flow, currently, for 2017, based on the current guidance we have, we anticipate free cash flow about $500 million. And as you mentioned, that includes the increased CapEx as well as you saw in 2016, we had quite a bit improvements on working capital. You probably won't see as much of those working capital improvements inventory, as well as the assumed year-over-year change in the operating income also.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brad Erickson from Pacific Crest Securities. Your question, please.
Unknown Speaker: Hi, guys. This is (37:01) on the line for Brad. Thanks for taking the questions. Two things. Just wondering if you can provide a little bit more color on the types of content you would be providing for BMW or potential content? And then, I was also wondering if you could run us through the OEM margin profile and profitability looking to 2017 and beyond. Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: So, as I mentioned on BMW, what we'll be supplying is a hardware component that drives the overall media system in the vehicle. So, it is a higher dollar value type of product which will definitely benefit on the revenue side. I think in terms of margin profile in OEM, we don't break it down by category, but we generally said that the margin profile from the OEM business is generally lower than that of the overall auto business. So, there would be some downward pressure as those revenues ramp up.
Unknown Speaker: That's helpful. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Right. Thanks, Elliot. (38:00)
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Teri Seck for any further remarks.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, everyone. Doug and I will be available for call backs. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd. Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd. Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.
Analysts: Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Teri Seck. Ma'am, you may begin.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Good morning, everyone. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited third quarter 2016 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial positions, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported third quarter results highlighted by both revenue and EPS growth with four of our five business segments delivering double-digit sales growth and increased profitability. Consolidated revenue increased 6% year-over-year with Fitness, Outdoor, Marine and Aviation collectively growing 24%, while contributing 70% of total revenue and 84% of total operating income in the quarter. Each of our business segments produced strong results, which I will highlight shortly. Gross margin expanded to 56.2% from 53.3% in the prior year, as sales shifted towards products with higher margin profiles. Operating margin expanded to 22.1% from 18.5% in the prior year, and operating income grew 27% on a consolidated basis. These strong results generated $0.66 of GAAP EPS. Pro forma EPS came in at $0.75, an increase of 47% over the prior year. Wearable products were a major contributor to our strong third quarter performance and we continue to expand into new product categories with the launch of the vívofit jr. and the fēnix Chronos. Next, I will highlight segment specific results and initiatives. Starting with Fitness, revenue increased 32% year over year led by strong demand for our wearables. Gross margin came in at 55% and operating margin was 24%, an expansion of more than 500 basis points over the prior year. Operating income grew 68% in the quarter. During the quarter, we expanded our market with the launch of the vívofit jr. This activity tracker is designed specifically for kids, the colorful one-piece bands that fit comfortably on a child's wrist. vívofit jr. shares many of the unique differentiators of our vívofit line such as an always-on-display, fully waterproof design, and one-year battery life while adding a compelling parent-controlled mobile app that helps motivate kids to stay active. We also launched the Forerunner 35, bringing Garmin Elevate wrist heart rate technology to our entry-level running product line. The Forerunner 35 features GPS, multiple activity profiles, smart alerts and a new high-resolution display that is perfect for both indoor and outdoor use. In the corporate health market, we recently announced a partnership with Cerner, a health information technology company. Through this partnership, Garmin will provide devices that capture powerful health and wellness data that could be integrated into Cerner's wellness and population health solutions. Looking next at Outdoor; revenue increased 28% year-over-year on strong demand for our outdoor wearables and contributions from our recently acquired DeLorme subsidiary. The Outdoor segment generated strong gross and operating margins of 63% and 35% respectively and operating income grew 32% over the year-ago quarter. We recently launched the fēnix Chronos, our first offering in the luxury watch category. The fēnix Chronos line is crafted from premium jeweler's grade materials and is designed to look spectacular in any business, social or personal setting without sacrificing the rugged, multi-sport capabilities associated with our brand. We continue to invest in our traditional outdoor product lines as evidenced by the recent launch of the Rino 700 series, which features a three-inch multitouch display and Bluetooth connectivity for real-time weather and position reporting. Looking next at Marine; revenue increased 12% year-over-year driven by growth in multiple product lines and led by strong demand for our fishfinders. Gross margin increased to 57% in the quarter while operating margin expanded to 15%. Operating income grew 80% in the quarter. For the second consecutive year, we were recognized by the National Marine Electronics Association as Manufacturer of the Year. This award, along with seven Product of Excellence Awards, confirms our dedication to designing, manufacturing and selling industry-leading products for the marine market. In addition, at the International Boatbuilders' Exhibition, we received an innovation award for our recently launched Fantom solid-state radar. Turning next to Aviation, revenue grew 14% over the prior year as we experienced growth in both OEM and aftermarket product categories. Gross and operating margins remained strong at 75% and 28%, respectively, resulting in a 28% increase in operating income. During the quarter, we received certification of the G5000-equipped Beechjet 400A and we began deliveries of this system to installers. We announced earlier this week that we were developing a G5000 integrated flight deck upgrade for the Citation Excel and the XLS. This upgrade will feature three high-resolution displays, a modern fully-digital flight control system and enhanced safety features. We expect to receive certification of this system in late 2018. Looking, finally, at the auto segment, revenues were down 21% in the quarter, primarily due to the ongoing PND market contraction and headwinds caused by revenue deferrals associated with certain auto OEM programs. Gross margin came in at 44% and operating margin was consistent year-over-year at 12%. While the PND market continues to decline, our global market share remains strong. During the quarter, we launched our latest action camera, the VIRB Ultra 30. This new action camera shoots stunning 4K resolution footage at 30 frames per second. The VIRB Ultra 30 also includes first-to-market features such as voice control, color LCD with touchscreen, one-touch live streaming and our G-Metrix sensors. Finally, with three quarters of the year behind us, we are raising our projected revenue for the year to $2.95 billion, up approximately 5% over 2015. We are projecting gross margin of approximately 55% and operating income of approximately $580 million for the year. Factoring in an effective tax rate of approximately 18.5%, pro forma earnings per share is expected to be approximately $2.65. Looking at our guidance by segment, we have increased year-over-year growth expectations by roughly 200 basis points to 400 basis points for all segments except auto where we are holding our guidance of down 17% for the year. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. Let's begin by reviewing our third quarter results and move to comments on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We posted revenue of $722 million for the third quarter, representing a 6% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 56.2%, a 290 basis point increase from the prior year. Operating expense as a percentage of sales was 34.1%, a 70 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $160 million, a 28% increase over the prior year. Operating margin was 22.1%, a 360 basis point increase from the prior year. Our GAAP EPS was $0.66, a 6% growth to the prior-year quarter, and pro forma EPS was $0.75, a 47% growth to the prior-year quarter. We'll discuss gross margin, operating expenses in more detail later. Next, we will look at third quarter revenue by segment. In the third quarter, we achieved double-digit growth in four of our five segments led by robust growth in our Fitness and Outdoor segments, and solid growth in our Marine and Aviation segments. Collectively, these four segments were up 24% compared to the prior-year quarter. Looking next to third quarter revenue charts, the Auto segment represented 30% of total third quarter 2016 revenue, compared to 40% in the third quarter of 2015. Fitness grew to 26% of revenue in the current period compared to 21% in the prior year, while Outdoor grew to 19% from 16%. You can see it in the charts that illustrate our profit mix by segment, Outdoor, Fitness, Marine and Aviation collectively delivered 84% of operating income in the third quarter of 2016. Fitness operating income as a percentage of total operating income increased from 21% to 28% and Outdoor increased from 29% to 31%. Looking at year-over-year gross margin by segment. All segments posted a gross margin rate increase as sales shifted toward products with higher-margin profiles. Total corporate operating margin increased from 18.5% to 22.1% primarily due to gross margin improvement. Looking next at operating expenses, third quarter operating expense increased by approximately $9 million or 4%. Research and development increased $10 million year-over-year, but was flat as a percent of sales. We continued to invest in innovation, to increasing resources focused primarily on Aviation, Fitness and Outdoor. Our advertising expense decreased $4 million to the prior year quarter, representing a 4.6% of sales, an 90-basis-point decrease. The decrease in advertising was primarily in auto. We expect our fourth quarter advertising spend to increase both sequentially and year-over-year to support our wearable products. SG&A was up $3 million compared to prior year quarter, however decreased 40 basis points as a percent of sales to 13.4%. Increase in SG&A, was driven primarily by expenses associated with the addition of the DeLorme business. Few highlights from the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities over $2.4 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially as a result of seasonally lower sales in the third quarter but increased year-over-year to $461 million from stronger sales. But inventory balance increased sequentially to $535 million to prepare for the quarter and remains higher year over year due to new product offerings. In the third quarter of 2016, we generated free cash flow of $199 million, a $75 million increase from the third quarter of 2015. Also, during the quarter, we paid dividends of approximately $96 million, repurchased approximately $20 million of company stock. We have roughly $103 million remaining in the share purchase program that's authorized through December 31, 2016. We expect to repurchase as business and market conditions warrant. Effective tax rate was 16.5% in the current quarter compared to 27.6% in the prior year quarter. The decrease in effective tax rate is primarily due to projected income mix by jurisdiction compared to prior year. This concludes our formal remarks. Esther, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Absolutely. . Our first question comes from the line of Joe Wittine with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Hi, thanks. Congratulations, obviously that top line number ex auto is impressive. First question, the implied fourth-quarter guide assumes a really healthy uptick in operating expenses, I think Doug you touched upon it quickly, but can you talk about where that falls on a segment basis and walk us in a little bit more detail through the rationale, I'm guessing it's a lot of ad spend for the holiday season. But I'm wondering if there is anything else in there?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. Yeah, exactly, right. For the Q4, advertising will be higher dollars as well as a percentage of sales year-over-year. When we think about advertising for the full-year, we think advertising as a percentage of sales will be comparable to 2015. Also a few additional things in operating expenses, one of which is the 53rd week we previously talked about last quarter, which we have, as well as we have additional expenses due to DeLorme acquisition.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: With that – because I assume it's mostly focused in fitness, do you expect op profits within the segment to grow in the fourth quarter, either sequentially or year-over-year; however you want to talk about it?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: We don't give that type of guidance.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Fair enough. And then maybe moving on for a follow-up here. VIRB isn't discussed much, but the new product is impressive with some first-to-market features as you said and some unique features still as well. So curious what you're seeing, if anything, from a share perspective now that the product is in the market, since new products are showing up from the main competitor there as well. Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, Joe, definitely it's early days in terms of VIRB. We do have somewhat limited distribution, mostly online and as we've talked about before, the market is very mature with an entrenched dominant competitor. So, initially, our feeling is it's doing well compared to our expectations, but we're admittedly taking a conservative view.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Fair enough. I'll step aside. Thanks, Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Co. Your line is now open.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions and my congrats as well on really strong results.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Chuck.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Yeah. So just looking at the Fitness guide, you guys raised it by 200 basis points for the year, so it assumes a pretty healthy slowdown into Q4, coming off these 30% growths down to 15% or so and you do get that extra week. So I wondered if you could maybe speak to why you're assuming that larger slowdown. I think you do get an easier comp to – just generally how you're feeling about the category both running and activity tracker, how the holiday season looks compared to last year competitive wise, shelf space wise, promotional, any other color there would be helpful?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Okay. Yeah, so we feel good about the fourth quarter. We would highlight that we're up against stronger comparables from last year when we launched very strong products, the Forerunner 235 and the vivosmart HR, particularly. So this year we're comping against those and just anticipating a competitive market.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: And then, on Aviation, you guys did updates – you had a strong quarter and you updated your growth there. Just, generally, how you're feeling about that market. I think, generally, the market still seems fairly soft, but maybe some of the platforms you are on doing a little bit better. How should we think about the long-term outlook for Aviation for you guys right now?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: I think, currently, the macro outlook is somewhat soft, as you pointed out. We feel like we've been able to do well, particularly driven by ADS-B products as well as the pull through of other products that we sell in addition to ADS-B when somebody upgrades their panel. I think long-term we're feeling good about Aviation, the opportunities that are there, but it will take some time to play out and investment to get there.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Thanks so much.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Charlie.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes, hi. I just wanted to ask you about your expectations into the fourth quarter in terms of shelf space with retailers compared to last year and also promotional activity that you expect from your retailer partners? And then, with all the recent introductions over the last couple of quarters, was this September quarter still one where you are benefiting from net inventory additions into the channel or was sell-in and sell-through more closely aligned?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So in terms of the first question, we believe our shelf space actually has improved over what we had last year. For instance, this year we have expanded shelf space in Best Buy stores, in their top 220 stores, going from four-feet to eight-feet with four-feet in other stores. So that was an improvement over last year. We have additional space, for instance, for vívofit jr. in many retailers. So, in general, we feel pretty good about our shelf space situation. And retailers, we believe, are getting behind the products in terms of buyers and promotions and specials for the holidays, so we feel good about that. In terms of sell-in and sell-through balance, we feel like things are fairly well-balanced right now. We did have some product introductions in the quarter, such as the Forerunner 35 and the vívofit jr., but in general those were somewhat limited sell-in in Q3 and we expect additional sell-in to occur in Q4.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Simona.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Erickson with Pacific Crest. Your line is now open.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks for taking my questions. So relative to mix, can you give us a sense of what ASPs did directionally for Fitness year-over-year and how significant that was contributing to this growth we're seeing?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, I think we are selling a number of products that are higher ASP, particularly in what we would call our tracker category, although the categories are somewhat blurring in terms of the lines between them. For instance, we have the vivoactive HR this year, which is a mid-$200 category for us, but it's generally tracked as a tracker product, and we're also doing very well on the running side with mid-to-higher range devices. So that's balanced by increased volume and lower ASPs on basic trackers, but overall we think that we've done well in those other categories.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. And then, geographically, can you just rank order the contributors that drove the Fitness growth that we're seeing? Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, we're seeing growth across the globe in all major regions. So it has been particularly strong in Europe where the market is developing. It is behind in its development compared to that of, particularly, North America and we also saw strong growth in APAC.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, Brad.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tavis McCourt with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Thanks, Cliff, for taking my question and good quarter.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: First, on the Aviation segment, obviously, your commentary seems a little different than your two largest competitors who seem to have some bigger struggles there; and then, also, your Q4 guidance on Aviation seems to suggest more of a flattish quarter year-over-year. So was there timing of shipments that positively impacted this quarter or better execution on ADS-B or any commentary around why the higher growth rate this quarter? And then secondly, if you could comment, Doug, on foreign currency, specifically the pound. Is that a big enough move yet given your limited exposure there to impact the fourth quarter guide? Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: So in terms of our experience in the aviation market, I think one of the things we see is the growth in the ADS-B category. That did go very well for us in Q3 and it had second-order effects as we sold additional products and display systems into cockpits that we're getting ADS-B upgrades. So that drove a big part of the overall growth in the aviation side. In terms of Q4 in our outlook there, the market has been soft for a long time, and so we're taking somewhat of a conservative approach as we look at Q4 and just wait and see how the market develops.
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yes, and regarding the FX impact, for Q3 we saw about $6 million of a revenue headwind primarily due to the pound. So given some of the increased weakness there, we probably anticipate a little bit more than that going into Q4. But I should say also that the percentage of our business depending upon the pound is about 5%, so it's not a significant percentage of our business.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. And if I could ask a quick follow-up, Cliff, on the ADS-B. Those are at a standalone product relatively low ASP. Should we think about that as lower gross margin business? But if you are able to effectively use that to cross-sell to sell bigger retrofit systems, then it becomes a much bigger positive impact to Garmin. Is that a good way to think about it?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: We feel like the gross margin is consistent. It's in line with the overall segment, so not really a lower-margin category for us.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jerry Liu with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks. So first question on gross margin. If I look at the December quarter, full-year guidance implies about a 52% gross margin, down a little over four points sequentially. Historically fourth quarter tends to be a little bit lower sequentially, but this year it seems to be a bigger magnitude than the last few years. So I wanted to see what are the main reasons. Is it product mix? Do you anticipate more promotions, anything else?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, in terms of overall gross margin, we do see both mix and promotional activities is driving the lower gross margin. Of course, promotional activities drives the margin by product categories and then mix of categories in terms of the sales volume in each one drives the overall situation in mix.
Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. And maybe just a bigger picture question. When you look at some of your fitness tracker competitors like Apple recently announced they will subsidize Apple Watches and so they just hired a new VP of Digital Health. It seems like your competitors are looking at pilots and partnerships with insurers and others in the healthcare industry. So I wanted to get your take on that. What's your strategy? Do you see any opportunities to get into either the healthcare space or to work more with employers to subsidize some of these devices? Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, as we mentioned in the remarks, we are pursuing that kind of business as well. We partnered with Cerner recently. We also have partnerships with insurance companies like Manulife and others and we also do deals with individual corporations as well. So it's an opportunity we're pursuing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Will Power with Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. Yeah, just a couple of questions. Maybe just to come back to Fitness, you had a couple of these high-profile launches. You had the second generation Apple Watch that has GPS for the first time. I guess I wonder whether you've seen any impact on your running watch business since it's at least somewhat more of a competitor with GPS or is it still too early and, I guess, likewise with the new Fitbit devices, I wonder if you could – any commentary around share shifts, et cetera, that you might be seeing there?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So in terms of the recent developments with the Apple Watch and GPS, as you point out it is still early days. But at this point, we don't see any detectable impact. I think we've said in the past that our products tend to appeal to a slightly different audience than the Apple Watch. Although, there is some overlap, but generally that's true. So that's the way we see things right now and of course, we'll see how things develop. In terms of the new Fitbit launches, in terms of our market share, we feel like it's generally stable. They've released new products, of course, and they have very strong share, but ours has also remained about where it was. We think it's in the 10% range.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then, just on the auto business, it seems like we've seen a bit of an acceleration in the year-over-year declines. I guess I wonder if you had any more color on the drivers of that and is this somewhat of an anomaly looking at the past couple of quarters or is this 20% kind of year-over-year decline – is this perhaps a new normal?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, so I think we did see the softness earlier in the year and last quarter we updated our guidance to be slightly more down than what we had previously projected. The weaknesses are primarily driven in Europe where the market has gotten softer. We think for the fourth quarter that there'll be some opportunity to kind of flatten that curve a little bit with promotional activity, but it is somewhat of a wait and see situation.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks, Cliff, Doug, Teri, appreciate the question.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Thank you.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: The first item, when you look at the Fitness business, how would you characterize the organic growth of the market as a whole? And then, kind of beyond the organic growth of the market, how would you say that – what's the benefit from incremental shelf space for stores versus kind of product refresh and expanded SKUs as you've expanded deeper into that category?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah, so in terms of organic growth, there's multiple categories within fitness, from the low-end trackers on up to high-end running watches. But we've seen growth in those categories on a global basis, on market growth if you will, over the past year. I think some markets are more mature than others, as I mentioned earlier, so the situation is probably different in Americas versus Europe versus APAC; but, generally, the market has been growing. In terms of benefits, I think, again, depends on category, but new product releases always generate excitement for sure. But at the same time, shelf space is vitally important, so we're working hard to have both good shelf space presence in retailers as well as strong product offerings.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: When you look at the overlap you characterized with Apple, where do you see the most overlap across your portfolio when you look at Apple, which specific products or features do you think you have the most overlap, and then one last follow-up?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Well, I think that's somewhat of a challenge because if you look at our Fitness product line, we have one kind of product and the features and the style that's there versus outdoor in our fēnix line, which has yet a different kind of style; but, generally, I would say that the kind of customer that overlaps with Garmin would be those that are probably more on the entry-level side to running and activity and are looking at what kind of device they could use to enhance their performance in running and other kinds of sporting activity. So that's generally the customer profile that would be overlapping with us.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. And the last item, looking at the Aviation business, there was an announcement during the quarter, you are expanding your capacity. What is the company's long-term view on the ability to gain share with OEMs? And how are you thinking about the potential timing of winning more business even in regional commercial opportunities? And last – I apologize, last one on linearity of ADS-B, how do you think about that between now and 2020? Does it build as we approach that? Is it pretty linear between now and then? What's the right way to think about how that grows? Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: So in terms of our long-term view as highlighted by the announcement we made where we are investing in the Aviation business, absolutely, we have a strong view for the future of that business. And currently, we are running at near capacity in our current production facilities. And so, in order to meet the anticipated demand of the future, we felt like it was the right time to invest in our facilities. In terms of opportunities to win business, I think there's many opportunities to win business. Our G3000 and G5000 lines are very strong, and we believe that those products should appeal to a broad range of business jet platforms that we are currently not present in. Regarding the linearity of ADS-B, of course, we're seeing accelerating growth in that area as people become more aware of and interested in complying with the mandate. And we would expect to see stronger growth in ADS-B as we move into 2017 and 2018.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: All right, thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from the line of Joe Wittine with Longbow Research. Your line is now open.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Thanks I appreciate it. In automotive, can you give any sense of what the OEM business looks like on an organic or apples-to-apples basis, light vehicles but to exclude the impact of deferreds?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yeah. So from auto OEM business, yeah excluding deferred, basically we did see some improvement there on a cash basis, year-over-year.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Is the – an improvement, so you are growing year-over-year or the rate of growth is improving or both?
Clifton A. Pemble - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. We are improving. Yes, dollars.
Joe H. Wittine - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, got it. And then maybe just finally Doug, a tax rate question, what's a good place to land our 2017 model given you changed the FY 2016 number here, given the change in Swiss tax laws we're all monitoring as well?
Douglas G. Boessen - Garmin Ltd.: Yes. So we will actually give guidance on 2017 in February. So it's a little too early for that at this point in time. We will go through that planning process over the next few months.
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Teri Seck - Garmin Ltd.: Thanks, everyone. Doug and I will be available for call backs. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Seck - Manager, Investor Relations, Garmin Ltd. Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Paul A. Simenauer - JPMorgan Securities LLC Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Teri Seck. Ma'am, you may begin.
Teri Seck - Manager, Investor Relations, Garmin Ltd.: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited second quarter 2016 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial positions, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are: Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Teri. And good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported second quarter results highlighted by both revenue and EPS growth. Consolidated revenue increased 5% year-over-year with Fitness, Outdoors, Marine, and Aviation collectively growing 20%, while contributing 70% of the total revenue in the quarter. Each of our business segments produce strong results, which I will highlight shortly. Gross margin expanded to 57% from 54.2% in the prior year, as new products and margin improvement efforts made a clear impact on our business. Operating margin expanded 24.7% from 21.5% in prior year, and operating income grew 20% on a consolidated basis. These strong results generated $0.85 of GAAP EPS; pro forma EPS came in at $0.87, an increase of 21% over the year-ago quarter. Wearable products were a major contributor to our strong second quarter performance. Over the past year, we have extended our wearable product portfolio with the goal of offering a wearable device for a wide range of active lifestyles. As part of this effort, we have been pursuing two important objectives. First, we've been extending the availability of Garmin Elevate wrist heart rate technology across our wearable product lines. Garmin Elevate is now available in multiple models of our running products and our activity trackers, and in our fēnix series of outdoor adventure watches. Customers have embraced Garmin Elevate, and the feedback we are receiving is very positive. The second important objective is to increase customer engagement by offering applications, widgets and watch faces through our Connect IQ App store. Momentum in the App store continues to build as we now offer over 2,000 apps, watch faces and widgets. And we have surpassed 13 million downloads from the store since its launch earlier last year. While I'm pleased with the progress we've made so far, there is certainly much more to do. We remain focused on a strong product road map and building engagement through Connect IQ and on Garmin Connect Community. Looking now at segment highlights, our Fitness segment experienced robust revenue growth of 34% on a year-over-year basis, driven by growth within all product categories. Gross margin came in at 56% and operating margin was 25%, an expansion of more than 400 basis points over the prior year. This generated operating income growth of 60% in the quarter. Recent new product launches include the Forerunner 735XT, a lightweight multi-sport running watch, and the vivosmart HR+, which adds GPS capability to our smart activity tracker. As a result of these and many other recent product releases, we estimate that our share of the GPS-enabled smart wearable market in the United States has grown from approximately 43% a year ago to approximately 57% today, according to market share data. During the quarter, we also introduced the vivomove, a fashionable analog watch with activity tracking features and a one-year battery life. Looking next at Outdoor, which also experienced robust growth, revenue increased 23% year-over-year on strong demand for our outdoor wearables and a full quarter contribution of DeLorme sales. The Outdoor segment generated strong gross and operating margins of 64% and 36%, respectively, representing an expansion over the prior year. Operating income grew 31% over the year-ago quarter. One of the many benefits of our business model is the ability to share product platforms, technologies and components across multiple market segments. Recent examples include the Approach X40, a GPS-based activity tracker with Garmin Elevate wrist heart rate technology and a built-in database of over 40,000 golf courses providing distance to the front, middle and back of the green. We also introduced our next-generation dog tracker, the Astro 430, which when paired to DriveTrack 70 PND can track up to 20 dogs from a vehicle. The Astro 430 can also pair with the fēnix 3 wearable for convenient tracking and alerts at the wrist. Looking next at Marine, revenue increased 8% over a very strong quarter in the prior year. Gross margin increased to 58% in the quarter while operating margin expanded to 26%. Operating income grew 19% in the quarter. Our new fish finders have been well received and we have grown our share in the inland fishing market. Earlier in the year, we introduced Quickdraw Contours, which enables boaters to create maps of their lakes with all processing and storage taking place right on the device. We recently enhanced Quickdraw by offering a community feature called Quickdraw Community, which is a free cloud based mapping platform for sharing user generated HD mapping content. We believe Quickdraw Community will positively impact customer engagement and will expand the availability of HD mapping content, particularly on smaller fishing lakes. Turning next to Aviation, revenue grew 6% over the prior year, as we experienced growth in both OEM and ADS-B systems. Gross and operating margin remain strong at 74% and 28% respectively, resulting in a 13% increase on operating income. During the quarter, the G3000-euqipped Piper M600 received type certification and we are pleased to be the avionics provider for this aircraft. As we continue into the back half of 2016, we will focus on a number of additional certifications, including the aftermarket G5000 system for the Beechjet 400A and the Hawker 400XP. We now have several new products and product enhancements at the Oshkosh Air Show taking place this week. One such announcement is the Flight Stream 510, which is a multi-mode wireless radio system built into a multimedia card, which also includes storage for a variety of flight databases. The Flight Stream 510 is important because it simplifies the task of updating flight databases by leveraging the connectivity of a smart phone or tablet. Flight Stream 510 also shares flight plans, traffic, weather and position information with smart phone and tablets running on our Garmin Pilot mobile app. Flight Stream 510 significantly enhances the ability to incorporate consumer devices in the cockpit. Looking finally at the Auto segment, revenues were down 18% in the quarter, primarily due to the ongoing PND market contraction, and headwinds caused by revenue deferrals associated with certain auto OEM programs. Gross margin came in at 46% and operating margin expanded to 16%. We remain strategically focused on new opportunities in the auto OEM market. While we are typically thought of as a navigation and infotainment supplier, we are also leveraging our competencies in other technologies such as cameras and driver assistance to extend our ability to serve the market. At the recent 2016 Beijing Auto Show, Peugeot has showcased its model 3008, which includes a factory-installed digital video recorder designed and manufactured by Garmin. So, in summary we are pleased with our performance in the first half of 2016 and we believe we are well-positioned for the remainder of the year. With this in mind, we are raising our projected revenue for the year to $2.9 billion, up approximately 3% over 2015. We are projecting gross margin of 55%, and operating margin of 19% for the full year. Factoring in an effective tax rate of approximately 19.5%, pro forma earnings per share is expected to be approximately $2.50. Looking at our outlook by segment, we have increased growth expectations for Fitness and Outdoor to 20% for the year. Aviation and Marine are unchanged, while the outlook for Auto has been reduced slightly based on current market trends. That concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results.
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our second quarter results then move to comments on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We posted revenue of $812 million for the second quarter, representing a 5% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 57%, a 280 basis point increase from the prior year, driven primarily by segment and product mix. Operating expense as a percent of sales was 32.3%, a 40 basis point decrease from the prior year. Operating income was $201 million, a 20% increase over the prior year. Operating margin was 24.7%, a 320 basis point increase from the prior year. Effective tax rate was 21% at current quarter which is comparable to the effective tax rate of 20.6% in the prior year quarter. Our GAAP EPS was $0.85, an 18% growth over the prior year quarter, and pro forma EPS was $0.87, a 21% growth over the prior year quarter. We'll discuss gross margin, operating expenses in more detail later. Next, we'll look at second quarter revenue by segment. In the second quarter, we have growth in four of our five segments led by robust double-digit growth on Fitness and Outdoor segments and single-digit growth on Marine and Aviation segments. Collectively, these four segments were up 20% compared to the prior-year quarter. Looking next at second quarter revenue charts. Auto segment represent a 30% of our total second quarter 2016 revenue, compared to 39% second quarter 2015. Fitness grew to 26% of revenue in the current period, compared to 21% in the prior year, while Outdoor grew from 14% to 17%. You can see from the charts illustrate a profit mix by segment, Outdoor, Fitness, Marine and Aviation collectively delivered 80% of operating income in the second quarter of 2016. Fitness operating income as a percentage of total operating income increased from 20% to 27%. And Outdoor increased from 22% to 24%. Looking at year-over-year gross margin by segment. All segments posted gross margin rate increase due to shifts in product mix. Total corporate operating margin increased from 21.5% to 24.7% due to gross margin improvement. Looking next at operating expenses. Second quarter operating expense increased by about $10 million, or 4%. Research and development increased $5 million year-over-year, was flat as a percent of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and increasing resources, focused primarily on Aviation, Fitness and Outdoor. Our advertising expense decreased $1.5 million over the prior year quarter, represented 5.5% of sales, a 50 basis point decrease. Additional advertising spend on Fitness was more than offset by decreases in Auto and Marine. SG&A was up $6 million compared to the prior year quarter, increasing 170 basis points as a percent of sales to 12.8%. Increase in SG&A were driven primarily by expenses associated with the addition of the DeLorme business, and compensation-related costs. A few highlights from the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We ended the quarter with cash marketable securities of about $2.4 billion. Accounts receivable increased both sequentially and year-over-year to $510 million. Inventory balance decreased sequentially to $508 million. As we exit the seasonally strong second quarter, it remains higher year-over-year due to new product offerings. From second quarter 2016, we generated free cash flow of $135 million, a $71 million increase from the second quarter of 2015. Also, during the quarter, we paid dividends of approximately $97 million, repurchased about $25 million of company stock, approximately $123 million remaining for purchase through December 2016. As Cliff mentioned, we're updating our tax guidance and now anticipate a full year tax rate of approximately 19.5%. This concludes our formal remarks. Jamie, can you open the line for Q&A? Thanks.
Operator: And our first question comes from Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Co. Your line is now open.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks and thanks for taking my questions, and congrats on a great quarter.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: I wanted to ask, Cliff, it's been interesting, Garmin Elevate has been very helpful for you. This year, I wonder how much do you think the rest of the product portfolio can get penetrated with that technology? And then also just thinking about, as that's helped you this year, if I think about future versions of these products, are there other biometric sensors you feel like you can add so that this is a continuous trend for you as opposed to maybe a one or two-year phenomena?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, in terms of penetration of the heart rate technology, we have expanded it broadly across the line, as I mentioned in my remarks. I think we're mostly there. There's probably still a few areas where we believe we can add, and we will do so. But I think, for the most part, over the past year, we've been able to accomplish what we set out to do. In terms of other sensors, we're certainly working on that as a lot of people say they are. I think the biggest challenge is the next level of sensing technology has to prove that it has utility for the customers and it has to be technologically feasible. And so I think we, like everyone else, is searching for that next breakthrough.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: And then follow-up question for me on gross margin. Very strong in Fitness and Outdoor in the quarter. I think implied in the guidance is that we come down a little bit off that level in the back half of the year. I'm wondering if you could talk about the puts and takes there.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think the back half will certainly come down in terms of gross margin because of promotional activities and going into the fourth quarter.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ben Bollin, Cleveland Research. Your line is now open.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. A couple of items. The first one, looking at the Outdoor and Fitness businesses exiting 2Q, could you tell us your impressions of channel inventory, where it stands with a large number of products that you've launched? How you feel going into 3Q? And then also any impressions or thoughts you have longer term about the gross and operating margin profiles of those businesses? How are you managing them? What's kind of your targets? And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, Ben. So, in terms of channel inventory, especially with the launch of new products, I think it probably varies by regions and by stores, but in general, we feel like the inventory is in a good situation, we feel like our products were selling out well. So, we don't think that there is any issue with our new products stacking up in the channel. In terms of growth and margins, certainly, we've been on a deliberate effort to improve our margins across all of our business segments. I would say that in Fitness, as the mix continues to shift towards the activity trackers that that profile will continue to have pressure on it. While in Outdoors, it's probably somewhat stable at its current trend levels.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. And then looking at the Automobile business, on a standalone basis, a little worse year-on-year performance there. Any adjustments to your thoughts longer-term? It's kind of been a declining mid-teens type business. Any reason it gets progressively worse from that level?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think what we saw so far in the first half of 2016 is that the European market has weakened more than what it had been up to that point. So, I think that's probably the big change in our outlook. But generally, we still feel like, it's a good market and we feel like we're doing very well in that market in terms of market share.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brad Erickson with Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is now open.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. First, I guess you mentioned the market share data and I believe it was the GPS-enabled smart watches, so that was helpful. In terms of activity trackers, can you provide any market share update for that particular subcategory?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, Brad. The market share in activity trackers, we believe we're roughly at the 10% level in the U.S. market. Internationally, there's areas of strength and weakness across the whole world that we're actually doing very well in bigger European countries, and also in Asia.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. And then you've obviously come out with a lot of new products here in Fitness recently. Can you talk about the second half and how we should be thinking about the cadence of new products on a relative basis to first half? Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the first half was, certainly, a big part of what we had planned for the year, but we still have some additional releases that we'll be announcing here in the second half, as well.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. I've got a few of them. But first, for clarification, can you remind us what your previous guidance was for year-over-year decline in the Auto segment?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: It was minus 15%.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. So, you think the rest of the year will look more similar to what we saw in Q2?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think roughly similar, yes.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. And then if I look back now going back six quarters or more, you've had a nice run here in your Asia-Pacific business. And I'm wondering, is all of that attributable to Fitness wearables or are you seeing some broader strength beyond Fitness in that region?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: We're doing very well in Fitness and Outdoor wearables in that region.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. Doug, do you have the impact from net deferred revenue drawdown in the quarter?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yes. Overall, deferred revenue had a headwind of about $8 million. We anticipate probably full year, probably about an $0.08 to $0.10 headwind for revenue.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got it. And then Cliff, a product question. You mentioned in your prepared script, vivomove, and this was an interesting one I think because, really, a departure from the look and feel of Garmin's activity trackers historically. And so I know it was just very recently launched, but do you have any early indications of sell-through on that device?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it is still very early. I think that product appeals to a slightly different kind of customer than our traditional base, so we're waiting to see how it does.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Fair enough. Thanks very much.
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: All right. Thanks, Tavis.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jerry Liu with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, thank you. Can we talk a little bit about some of the drivers for earnings in the second half of the year? It looks like your gross margin will be better compared to second half of last year. So it looks like this is – the lower year-over-year earnings in the second half this year are mostly has to do with higher OpEx, maybe higher advertising. Can you talk about any other drivers, potentially fewer product launches or anything else?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah. As it relates to the gross margin in the back half, you'll see probably some improvement related to segment mix. They're primarily – but looking at the gross margins for the full year, we anticipate most of the segments for the full year to be comparable to 2015 except for Fitness, which Cliff quickly mentioned, probably be lower due to higher percentage of activity tracker wellness. We think that's probably going to be – fitness gross margins full-year probably in the low 50s%. As it relates to expenses, a couple of things to think about expense in the back half, the first of which is relating to acquisitions. DeLorme will have full two quarters of expenses relating to DeLorme acquisition, as well as in 2016, this is the year we have a 53rd week, so we have one extra week of expenses in 2016 compared to the previous years. And as it relates to advertising, we think that advertising probably as a percentage of sales will be comparable year-over-year. So, there'll probably be some increase in dollars, talking about for full year here, but in there, but as percentage of sales, we think advertising will be relatively comparable to 2015.
Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then just one question in terms of the different geographies. It looks like Americas was maybe a little weaker in the second quarter. I know you said EMEA was probably weaker, but maybe just some details on the Americas' growth rate. And then going forward, would you expect because of the depreciation in the pound, any need to maybe raise prices there and potentially any demand impact from that? Would any of that be factored into your guidance? Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Jerry, I think in terms of all the factories you mentioned, it's definitely rolled into our guidance. Americas has been a little weaker for two reasons. One is that we are more exposed in this market, the Americas market, due to PND market cycles. So, that's one dynamic. And then the second thing is that the activity tracker market in the Americas is more competitive than what we see on the other areas of the world where we're doing comparatively better. So, those are two moving pieces there in terms of the Americas performance. In terms of the specific impact of the pound, we're definitely working that situation, and much like what we did with the euro situation last year, there could be some impact on prices, but I think all of this is like threading a needle. You need to see where you have the ability and the power to raise prices and also where you do not and make the appropriate moves.
Jerry Yuan Liu - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Will Power with R.W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great, thank you. Maybe just a follow-up a bit on the previous question, thinking about the Americas and the competition you're seeing in wearables there. I think one of the market share leaders planning new products here in the second half of the year. So is that something that can stabilize year-over-year for you or should we expect that to actually worsen and be offset by this continued better performance in EMEA and APAC?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think longer term, we would expect the Americas to grow as well. But again, the near-term dynamics of the PND decline are outweighing the growth we've had in some of the other segments.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then I have a couple of financial questions. Just looking at R&D, at least on an absolute dollar basis, at a higher level this quarter. Is that the right number to look at moving forward as you move into Q3 and Q4, or there were some things that elevated that this quarter?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah. So, as I mentioned, R&D will be increasing, primarily because of that DeLorme acquisition, which we'll be adding in there, and also as we add head count just for newer product introduction. So, we'll see overall from operating expenses, as percent of sales, will be increasing overall full year.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay, all right. And then just on the buyback, I know you still have some remaining, but I wonder if you could just give us a broader thought process on use of cash once you exhaust that? Do you return to a buyback or how do you think about buybacks, cash, once you get through the current authorization?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah. So, when look at – basically our goal is to return about 100% our free cash flow back to the shareholders between dividends and share repurchases. As it looks at share repurchases, we look at a number of things there, one of which, obviously, is our business conditions, as well as our market condition there, and we'll play that out depending upon how that goes throughout the rest of the year and the future.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Coster with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Paul A. Simenauer - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. This is Paul Simenauer for Paul Coster. Thanks for taking my question. Can you confirm the DeLorme contribution to both margins and topline in 2Q? And in which segments can we expect incremental M&A, given the large cash balance?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yes. So, in terms of DeLorme's contribution in margins, we don't break any of that down. I would say in terms of topline, it's attributed to the Outdoor segment. And it represented less than half of the overall growth that we had in the segment for the quarter. In terms of our outlook for M&A, we don't really comment on our plans, of course, as you can understand. I think our strategy has always been to look for good fits in technology or product lines that would complement our overall portfolio. And that's what we've been doing, and that's what we continue to do.
Paul A. Simenauer - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks. And then, a quick housekeeping. The recognition of deferred has slowed somewhat. How should we think about the timeline or recognize the full balance? I know you mentioned some incremental was booked this quarter but that seems like a one-off. Thank you.
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: As it relates to deferred revenue?
Paul A. Simenauer - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah.
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: So basically, in the second quarter, we had $8 million of headwind on deferred revenue, and for the full year, we're anticipating a headwind of our EPS of between 8% and 10%. So, probably a little bit less than that in the back half.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thank you. First, in terms of growth margins in the quarter, which obviously expanded quite a bit both in Fitness and Outdoor, could you help us quantify and understand the drivers behind that? I imagine there is some benefit from leverage but then other factors, like pricing or mix within those segments, that would be helpful.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, Simona, I think probably the biggest factor I would attribute it to is the refreshing of our product lines and the ability to reset pricing with products and new features that are more competitive in the market. So, I think that's the main contributor. We're also very focused on product cost that we're working cost out of the products continually, and that's also had an impact on our business.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. And then somewhat similar question in the PND segment, you also refreshed and rebranded that product line earlier in the year. Are you seeing a benefit there from the price increase that you were able to put in and is there a bit of a change in the trade-off that you are willing to strike in PNDs between pricing and volumes?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we've definitely seen a benefit in the launch of the new lines. They have great new features that we believe are the best anywhere. But in terms of limits, certainly there is a limit in terms of pricing versus volume and our goals has been to maximize profitability.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: So in other words, are you giving up a little bit of market share there as you try to price higher?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we're certainly sensitive to pricing and profits in the segments, I will say. I think in terms of our current approach and the evidence of the market share that's out there, there could be some slight degradation of market share, but I think the evidence is very slight for that and in general we feel like our market share is still very strong, both globally and in the U.S.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then just lastly, what was the FX impact in the quarter?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: The FX impact in the quarter was about $3 million of headwind, so a small amount.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ivan Feinseth with Tigress Financial. Your line is now open.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Seems like we don't hear Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Hello, I'm sorry. Thank you for taking my question. Congratulations on an incredible quarter...
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Ivan.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: ...and really putting out some great products. My question is more about your marketing focus and your marketing spend. Now there are a lot of places where I expect to see Garmin presence and I do but there's a lot of places where I would either expect and hope to see the presence, especially in the wearables and even in the action camera, and I still don't see it. What is your overall big picture of marketing plan and do you see also more integration on a lot of your apps with, let's say, healthcare or fitness apps, or gym apps and things like that?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. In terms of product placement, certainly, there's puts and takes, but we think we're generally represented well at every major retailer. And we also have a very strong presence with the product that you mentioned, particularly in the Fitness and the Outdoor area in specialty retailers. So, generally, we've been working hard on expanding our retail presence. We've been working hard on improving the presentation of our products at retail over the past year. And we think that we've made a lot of progress. In terms of integration of our apps with others, we already do quite a bit of that, for instance, we have integration with MyFitnessPal for nutrition tracking. And we also have integration on the cycling side with Strava as well. So, we're very open to partnerships and we've been demonstrating that.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Who do you see as like your strongest marketing partner?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think we're our strongest marketing partner. We're focused on the Garmin brand and we're focused on partnerships that enhance the Garmin brand.
Ivan Feinseth - Tigress Financial Partners LLC: Okay. Thank you. Congratulations, again.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I saw that reference to the ADS-B contribution to the growth in Aviation in the quarter, and I'm just wondering if you could step back and give us a snapshot of where that opportunity is today. I know it's multi-year process. Is it still building? Is it going to become bigger and bigger contributor over the next couple of years for you? And is it still – are you still strongly positioned as you were a year or two ago there?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yes, in terms of where we're at, it's probably difficult to precisely nail it down, but we think it's somewhere in the 20% to 25% equipage that's occurred so far in the market with the vast majority of the equipage yet to come. I think pilots and aircraft owners are just like everybody else, they'll probably – a lot of them will wait until the last minute so, we do see a building momentum as time goes on as we lead up to the 2020 deadline. In terms of how we're doing, I think we're doing very well, it's one of those areas where it's difficult to precisely nail down market share, but we believe our share so far in the equipped airplanes is north of 70%.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And Doug, how does the ADS-B product line impact the margin profile of aviation? Is it in line or potentially better?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: It's in line.
Andrew C. Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: In line. All right. Thank you very much
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. And I'm sure no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to Teri Seck for closing remarks.
Teri Seck - Manager, Investor Relations, Garmin Ltd.: Thank you all for joining us this morning. Doug and I will be available for a call back. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. First Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program may be recorded. 
 I'd now like to hand the program over to Teri Seck. Please go ahead. 
Teri Seck: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. 
 Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. 
 This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. 
 At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble. 
Clifton Pemble: Thanks, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported first quarter consolidated revenue of $624 million, up 7% year-over-year. Our fitness, outdoor, marine and aviation segments as a group grew 17% year-over-year and contributed 69% of total revenues. Each of these segments have an exciting growth story, which I will cover in a moment, as a result of the strategic investments we have been making in recent years to grow and diversify our business.
 Gross margin was 54.5%, down year-over-year, driven primarily by product mix. Operating margin declined to 16.6% due to lower gross margin and an expense structure that was up slightly from the prior year. These factors, combined with a higher year-over-year effective tax rate, resulted in GAAP EPS and pro forma EPS in the quarter of $0.46 and $0.49, respectively. We are maintaining the guidance issued earlier in the year as our performance thus far is consistent with our expectations. 
 Next, I'll provide a brief snapshot into the performance of each business segments. Beginning with the fitness segment. Revenue grew 9% on a year-over-year basis, driven by strong growth of products with Garmin Elevate wrist heart rate technology. Running and activity tracker categories experienced robust growth over the prior year, somewhat offset by declines in the multisport category. Growth in operating margins were 51% and 12%, respectively. Gross margin was impacted by product mix shifting towards lower-margin activity trackers, while operating margin was further impacted by ongoing investments in advertising and research and development. As we've mentioned previously, we believe these investments are strategically important in order to maximize the long-term opportunity in the fitness market. While the margin profile of our fitness segment has changed in recent quarters, we believe the performance will stabilize as we complete critical product and market transitions. 
 Our product lineup continues to grow, and I'm pleased to report that the vívoactive HR and the vívofit 3 are now shipping. I'm particularly excited about the vívoactive HR, which adds Garmin Elevate wrist heart rate technology to our multi-activity GPS-enabled smart tracker. The vívofit 3 adds Move IQ automatic activity detection while carrying forward the strength that our vívofit family is already known for, such as industry-leading 1-year battery life and an always-on display. With these additions, we have a strong lineup of products that offer something for every customer.
 To share this good news with the market, we have launched our spring Beat Yesterday advertising campaign across multiple media outlets. I encourage everyone to look for our Beat Yesterday creative material in train stations, airports, movie theaters and, of course, on television. 
 Looking next at outdoor. Revenue increased 33% year-over-year as we experienced strong demand for outdoor wearables and dog products. The outdoor segment continued to generate strong gross and operating margins of 61% and 29%, respectively. And operating income grew 17% over the year-ago quarter. 
 We've recently launched several golf products, which have brought new excitement to the market. Additionally, we have completed the acquisition of DeLorme and look forward to integrating their technology into a broad range of product categories. 
 Looking next at marine. Revenue was up 29% over the prior year, driven by strong sales of chartplotters and fishfinders. Gross margin declined slightly in the quarter to 53% due to product mix, while operating margin improved to 12% as we've successfully leveraged recent investments in the segment. Operating income grew 125% over the prior year. 
 In recent years, we've made significant investments in our marine segment. As a result, our product line is extremely strong as we enter the 2016 marine season. Our recently launched GPSMap 8400 and 8600 are the largest plotters we've offered and have strong differentiators that stand out in a highly competitive market. 
 Another area of focus has been on improving our cartography offerings. We recently added depth contours to thousands of lights in the U.S. and Canada, which will broaden our appeal in the inland fishing markets. We also added an exciting feature to our chartplotters that we call Quickdraw Contours, which enables users to create their own depth contours for small fishing lakes not covered by our HD maps. 
 Turning next to aviation. Revenue grew 8% over the prior year as we experienced growth in both OEM and aftermarket product lines. Gross and operating margins remained strong at 74% and 29%, respectively, resulting in a 16% increase in operating income. During the quarter, we expanded our reach into organizations that own and operate large fleets. Air ambulance provider, AirEvac, chose Garmin avionics for their fleet of Bell 206 and Bell 407 helicopters. And the United States Forest Service chose our G950 integrated cockpit system for their fleet of Sherpa aircraft that operate in the challenging role of fighting wildfires. 
 In recent years, we have mentioned the ADS-B opportunity, which is the transition to a more efficient, next-generation air traffic management system. This mandated transition, which must be completed by the end of 2019, requires the installation of an ADS-B transponder in every aircraft operating in designated airspace. Garmin has been an early mover in the ADS-B market, and we recently expanded our product offerings with the introduction of the GTX 335 and 345 family for the ADS-B transponders. These transponders feature an integrated dual-link transceiver, offering best available traffic awareness at a value price. We will continue to invest in ADS-B solutions in order to make this transition simple, beneficial and cost-effective for a broad range of aircraft and customers. 
 We continue to support our OEM partners in the development and certification of new aircraft and helicopter platforms. While industry dynamics remain a factor, market share gains and new platforms provide opportunities for future growth. 
 So looking finally at the auto segments. Revenues were down 11% for the quarter, primarily due to ongoing PND market contractions and headwinds caused by additional revenue deferrals associated with auto OEM programs. Gross and operating margins were 44% and 9%, respectively. During the quarter, we began shipping our Drive family of PND devices, bringing driver assistance and awareness features to the aftermarket. Additionally, we experienced strong growth in infotainment systems for the APAC region and also the Middle East. Finally, we delivered production software for the new 2017 Mercedes E-class model. We remain focused on disciplined execution in order to bring desired innovation to the market and to maximize profitability in this segment. 
 So that concludes my remarks for the morning. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug? 
Douglas Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our first quarter results, then move to comments on the balance sheet and cash flow statement.
 We posted revenue of $624 million for the first quarter, representing a 7% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was 54.5%, a 430 basis point decrease from the prior year, driven by product mix. Operating expense grew 2% or $4 million, driven by increased spending in advertising and research and development. Operating income was $104 million. 
 Operating margin was 16.6%, a decrease of 250 basis points from the prior year. This is a result of the decline in the gross margin rate. Pro forma effective tax rate was 18.1% in the current quarter compared to 12.3% in the prior year due to projected income mix by jurisdiction. We still anticipate a full year tax rate of approximately 20.5%. The first quarter tax rate was positively impacted by the release of almost $4 million of tax reserves. Our GAAP EPS was $0.46, and pro forma EPS was $0.49. We'll discuss gross margin and operating expenses in more detail later. 
 Next as we look at first quarter revenue by segment. During the first quarter, we experienced growth in 4 of our 5 segments, led by robust double-digit growth in our outdoor and marine segments and high single-digit growth in our fitness and aviation segments. Collectively, these 4 segments were up 17% compared to the prior year quarter. 
 Looking at the first quarter revenue charts on this page. The auto segment represented 31% of our total first quarter 2016 revenue compared to 38% in the first quarter of 2015. Outdoor grew to 16% of revenue in the current period compared to 12% in the prior year; while marine grew from 11% to 13%, and fitness grew from 22% to 23%. As you can see from the charts illustrate our profitability mix by segment. Outdoor, fitness, marine and aviation collectively delivered 82% for operating income in the first quarter of 2016. Fitness operating income as a percentage of the total operating income decreased from 31% to 16%; while aviation increased from 24% to 29%; outdoor increased from 21% to 27%; and marine increased from 4% to 10%. 
 Drilling down year-over-year gross margin by segment. Aviation posted a gross margin rate increase, while fitness, outdoor, auto and marine posted gross margin declines due to shifts in product mix. Total corporate operating margin decreased from 19.1% in the first quarter of 2015 to 16.6% in the current quarter due to gross margin pressure and increased advertising and R&D investments. These same factors contributed to the decrease in fitness operating margin.
 Looking next at operating expenses. As previously mentioned, first quarter operating expense increased by $4 million or 2%. However, percentage of sales, operating expense decreased from 39.7% in the first quarter 2015 to 37.8% in the current quarter. Research and development increased $2 million year-over-year, that declined 80 basis points to 17.3% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and increasing resources focused primarily on aviation, fitness and outdoor. 
 Our advertising expense increased $4 million for the prior year quarter, representing 5.2% of sales, a 40 basis point increase. Additional spending was focused on fitness and investments in media. SG&A was down $3 million compared to prior quarter, decreasing 150 basis points as a percent of sales to 15.3%. The lower SG&A expense were driven primarily by a decrease in year-over-year litigation-related costs. 
 A few highlights on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities over $2.3 billion. Accounts receivable decreased both sequentially and year-over-year to $408 million. Inventory balance increased year-over-year and sequentially to $518 million [ph] as we grew our product offerings to prepare for a seasonally strong second quarter. During the first quarter of 2016, we generated free cash flow of $115 million compared to $64 million in the first quarter of 2015. Also during the quarter, we paid dividends of $97 million, repurchased about $20 million of company stock, with $140 million remaining for purchase through December 2016. 
 This concludes our formal remarks. Jonathan, could you please open the line for Q&A? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. 
Benjamin Bollin: Two questions. The first one, good revenue performance on the quarter. No change to guidance. And I'm curious why no adjustment, given the good revenue upside and kind of the expectations that you finished the year, what happens later in the year that would contribute to year-on-year revenue declines? And then I have a follow-up. 
Clifton Pemble: Okay, good morning, Ben. In terms of guidance, it's still very early in the year, only 1 quarter behind us. And for a long time now, we've been facing the ongoing challenge of PND market contraction. So we want to try to make sure that we adequately guide in terms of the uncertainties there as well as the other growth opportunities that offset it. 
Benjamin Bollin: Okay. The other item, when you look at the outdoor and fitness business, you commented you feel like the fitness gross margin maybe starts to stabilize from here. Why is that the case? And kind of what are your thoughts on the ability to stem gross margin pressures in the outdoor business as well? 
Clifton Pemble: Well, in terms of fitness, our first quarter margin was lower based on product mix, and it's seasonally a lower quarter as well, so it's more sensitive to those things. We feel like we have a strong product lineup at this moment going forward into the year, so we think that it will stabilize. In terms of outdoor, there's really not any change there in terms of the overall product structure or market structure, so we feel like the margin there is sustainable going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera from Needham & Company. 
Richard Valera: Just maybe to ask in a different way with respect to the guidance. It would appear that your revenue guidance implies perhaps meaningfully less than seasonal uptick that you've historically seen in Q2. And I'm wondering, is there anything we should be aware of that might cause you to have a less-than-typical seasonal uptick in 2Q, anything that was particularly strong in Q1, for instance, that might be a tough comp? Any color there would be appreciated. 
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think year-over-year, we're going to be comping against pretty strong products that we had last year. So that's one factor. But generally, there's not anything material that changes the direction of the business. 
Richard Valera: Got it. And then can you give any color on -- I mean, I think you had about a month of DeLorme in outdoor. Can you give any sense of how much benefit you got from that in terms of either percentage points of growth or revenue? 
Clifton Pemble: DeLorme was really immaterial for the quarter. It closed really late in the quarter, so there was not much impact from DeLorme. 
Richard Valera: Can you give any sense of how much impact that might have in Q2? 
Clifton Pemble: No, we're not breaking that out, but I think that we'll have a full quarter in Q2 and we'll be able to provide more color then. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs. 
Simona Jankowski: The first one is for Cliff, also following up on the fitness segment. Can you talk about if you still see the growth rate for this year in the vicinity of 10%? And then where do you see gross margin stabilizing for that segment? 
Clifton Pemble: Well, in terms of our outlook for the segment, we guided to 10% growth, which is still our outlook there. I think there's various product categories that are up and down for the year, so that's in general where we see things. And could you repeat your second question, please? 
Simona Jankowski: Oh, sure. On where do you see gross margin stabilizing in the fitness segment? 
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think it's really in the product road map and the products that we have in the market. So the newer products should help us stabilize our gross margin. Our running line now is getting fully populated with wrist-based heart rate, which is helping as well. So we feel like those things will contribute to stabilization. 
Simona Jankowski: At the current levels, is that what you're implying? 
Clifton Pemble: Well, we think that the margin levels in fitness should be somewhere in the low to mid-50s, so that's about where we're targeting. 
Simona Jankowski: Okay. And then a couple of questions for Doug as well. First of all, what was the impact of FX in the quarter? And since the FX headwinds are now diminishing, if rates were to stay where they are, what would be the embedded FX impact for the full year? 
Douglas Boessen: Yes. So actually, there was a little impact of FX on a quarter-over-quarter basis when you look at the euro of the last quarter 2015 versus Q1 '16. And then also, you had the Taiwan dollar impacting a little bit the gross margin. So as it relates for the full year, basically, if we stay somewhere where we're at, we're probably anticipating little impact for the full year. 
Simona Jankowski: And then -- Doug, and then a quick follow-up in terms of the recent treasury rules on inversions. Any impact for Garmin from a tax perspective? 
Douglas Boessen: No, we don't anticipate any impact to relate into those regulations on our tax rate. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Coster from JPMorgan. 
Paul Coster: A couple. First off, the marine segment was very strong relative to our expectations anyway. I'm just wondering from a year-over-year perspective, was there something that may -- that contributed to this strength in terms of product cycle or inventory levels or whatever? 
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think year-over-year, Paul, as I mentioned, our product line is extremely strong this year. We had products early in Q1. Our comparable last year of Q1 of 2015, was quite a bit easier than what it will be in Q2. So all of those factors led to some early growth in marine for this year. 
Paul Coster: Okay. So you've noted that the gross margins were down in all segments except aviation and attributed it to product mix. Is there some broader message, though? Is it just kind of flukish that it happened in all segments this quarter? Or is it possible that you're seeing a change in competitive landscape or consumer tastes or you're going after new markets and market segments that explain this shift? 
Clifton Pemble: No, we don't think so. In marine, I mentioned there's a product mix factor there, so that's very understandable. I think outdoor fluctuates up and down, so really no change there. Aviation is pretty steady, and automotive has been pretty steady as well. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tavis McCourt from Raymond James. 
Tavis McCourt: I've got a couple of them. First, in the auto segment. I guess if you can give us kind of the logic behind -- I don't know if it's a rebranding or new products between nüvi and Drive. And does this signal kind of maybe a bigger emphasis on some of the safety and camera features associated with the -- with your new PNDs? And then in the prepared remarks and in the press release, you mentioned the infotainment business in APAC and emerging markets. Are these system sales? Or is this still turn-by-turn driving software sales? And then I had a question on the fitness business. I think you indicated the activity tracker business for you was relatively strong in the quarter, which is a bit surprising to me because I think you were kind of towards the end of a product cycle and launching a new one here in Q2. So did any of the vívofit 3 ship into the March quarter? Or is that all a June impact? 
Clifton Pemble: Okay, thanks, Tavis. So kind of hitting from the top there in terms of our rebranding of the PND products. Yes, indeed, we are rebranding intentionally, and we felt like nüvi has served us well over the years, but also probably doesn't recognize some of the great new features that have been brought into the product line over the years. And particularly, you mentioned that the safety features, we have lane departure warnings, we have camera features in the product with collision warnings. So we felt like it was time to kind of recast the nüvi line into something else. In terms of infotainment, those sales that we referred to were system sales that are done on a port-install basis with automotive carmakers in APAC and also the Middle East. And then finally, on fitness, vívofit 3 has really started shipping now, so it's a Q2 impact, not a Q1 impact. 
Tavis McCourt: Got you. And then a follow-up. I assume if there was any impact from the earthquake in Taiwan, we probably would have seen it in March, but just want to make sure of that. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes, at this point, it's limited. This is one of the reasons why we keep healthy levels of safety stock. And at this point, we're working through that. But at this moment, we don't have any material impact. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Anderson from Dougherty & Company. 
Charlie Anderson: I wanted to ask about Garmin Elevate. I think I heard you, Cliff, say that, that was helpful to margins. If I think about that on a year-over-year basis with products that sold with a chest strap, how does that compare? And as you go through bringing that to more products, how is that going to influence gross margins on both maybe outdoor and fitness? 
Clifton Pemble: Yes. So maybe to clarify on that. We went through kind of a two-step process in getting the wrist heart rate. The first step was with a third-party solution with our Forerunner 225 and then we transitioned to a Garmin solution after that on our Forerunner 235 and fenix 3 HR. In terms of margin structure, certainly, the wrist-based heart rate products are lower margin structure than our chest-based. But at the same time, our Elevate technology has much higher margin structure than when we were using a third party. So it is improving from where we were in that interim step, but not necessarily compared to the wrist -- or the chest-based solutions of the past. 
Charlie Anderson: And then just a quick follow-up. I wonder if you guys saw any sell-through data from anyone on marine and then outdoor, and how that matched up with the sell-through rates you reported in Q1? 
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think those markets are fairly niche, and retailers don't carry a lot of inventory, so the sell-through has been fairly robust. There's been a lot of spring promotions around some of the marine products, and it's been doing very well in channels like Bass Pro and Cabela's. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Will Power from Robert Baird. 
William Power: Just curious back on the fitness side. As you look at the year-over-year growth and key drivers, qualitatively, any color around U.S. growth versus what you're seeing internationally and perhaps product mix across geographies there? 
Clifton Pemble: I think we're actually seeing very good results in the European region. In terms of the market development there, Europe is probably behind that of the U.S. So there's a growing market there and players are establishing themselves, including Garmin. We've also seen strong uptake of wearables in APAC, including both fitness-based wearables as well as outdoor-based wearables. 
William Power: Okay. And then the U.S. still grow year-over-year within fitness? Any color there? 
Clifton Pemble: Yes, definitely, the U.S. is still growing, no question about that, but it's a more mature market than those other regions. 
William Power: Okay. And then just the outdoor segment. You referenced both fenix and golf, I guess, improving. I guess, just, how would you characterize, I guess, the key pieces or key drivers of the growth there? I mean, is it evenly balanced? Or is there something there that's driving an outsize benefit? 
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think 2 things in outdoor that really drove the growth was the fenix line and also dog products. Those are the 2 major drivers. There was some incremental contribution by golf, but the other 2  were really the major contributors. Fenix has been strong in recent quarters. And over 2015, we're going to now start to comp against those strong results in Q2, 3 and 4 with fenix. So we're going to have to navigate that in terms of comparables. But so far, the product has been very strong, especially since we've added wrist-based heart rate to it. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. 
Yuuji Anderson: This is Yuuji Anderson on for James. I think most of my questions were answered. But I was hoping on aviation, perhaps if you could give a little bit more color on the different geographies, I mean, what are you seeing in terms of OEM versus retrofit as you go region to region? And I guess, it will be helpful to just get your perspective on the strength of order activity generally versus everything that we're hearing in the macro environment. 
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think we still see challenges in aviation like we noted in the remarks. Some of the underlying factors that have slowed the market recently are still there. But for us, new platforms have been a big driver of the success, and we're seeing some incremental increase in revenues in the retrofit side, too, especially in ADS-B products. 
Operator: Does that answer your questions? 
Yuuji Anderson: Yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Erickson from Pacific Crest Securities. 
Brad Erickson: First, just on the fitness segment. When you split between the activity trackers versus the running watches, where are you looking for stronger growth this year between those 2 products that's within fitness? 
Clifton Pemble: I think we're looking for strong growth really in both of those categories, and that's what we experienced in Q1. 
Brad Erickson: So fair to say roughly equal from a growth rate perspective? 
Clifton Pemble: That's been what we've been experiencing, yes. 
Brad Erickson: Okay, that's helpful. And then ultimately, how do you think about the size of these new -- the emerging geographies you talked about for fitness where you're seeing sort of higher growth? How do you think about the ultimate size of those markets relative to what you found in terms of the TAM here in the U.S. for fitness? 
Clifton Pemble: I think theoretically, the size of those markets is really driven by population and especially population that's interested in health and fitness. I would say, generally, Europe should match that profile pretty well. I think in APAC, of course, there's a lot of population that may be not yet the kind of lifestyle or health-focused like what you have in the U.S. and Europe markets. So nevertheless, I think there's still good uptick of fitness products in APAC. I think they're very interested in running products as well as fitness and multisport products. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And this does conclude the question-and-answer session of today's program. I'd like to hand the program back to Teri Seck for any further remarks. 
Teri Seck: Thanks, everyone. Doug and I will be available for any follow-up calls later today. Thanks. Have a good day. Bye. 
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-17 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Teri Seck - Manager, Investor Relations & SEC Reporting, Garmin Ltd. Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker)
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd.'s Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode to reduce background noise. But, later, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Instructions will follow at that time. I would now like to introduce your first speaker for today, Teri Seck, Manager of Investor Relations. You have the floor ma'am.
Teri Seck - Manager, Investor Relations & SEC Reporting, Garmin Ltd.: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial positions, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission later today. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are: Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Teri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported fourth quarter revenue of $781 million, representing a 3% decline year-over-year. While our revenue trends are impacted by the ongoing secular decline of the PND market, I'm pleased to report that the aviation, fitness, marine and outdoor segments as a group grew 11% year-over-year and contributed 66% of total revenues. This growth and diversification of our revenue base is a direct result of the investments we've made in our business over the past few years. Gross margin was 52.9%, ahead of our expectations, but down slightly year-over-year, driven primarily by the competitive dynamics in our business segment. Operating margin declined to 18.7% as we continued to invest in engineering and advertising. These factors, offset by a lower than anticipated effective tax rate, resulted in pro forma EPS of $0.74 in the quarter. Looking briefly at our full-year performance, we reported revenue of $2.8 billion, a 2% decline year-over-year, driven mainly by global currency shifts that created significant revenue and margin headwinds. Despite these headwinds, the aviation, fitness, marine and outdoor segments grew 9% on a combined basis, contributing nearly $1.8 billion in revenue for the year or 63% of the total and generating 75% of our operating income. Gross margins and operating margins of 54.6% and 19.5% respectively were down compared to 2014, but exceeded our expectations in a difficult global economy. Unit deliveries increased 7% for the year to $16.2 million. Doug will discuss financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first I'll provide a few comments on each business segment. Beginning with the fitness segment, revenue for the year grew 16%, driven by growth in activity trackers. Gross margins and operating margins were 55% and 20% respectively. Gross margin was impacted by the competitive dynamics in the market, while operating margin was further impacted by ongoing investments in advertising and engineering. We believe these investments are strategically important in order to maximize the long-term opportunity in the fitness market. In 2015, we introduced Garmin Elevate wrist heart rate technology into our running and activity tracker product lines and we made significant enhancements to Garmin Connect Mobile. These developments have strengthened our position in the market and positively impacted our results for the year. In 2016, we are targeting revenue growth of approximately 10% in the fitness segment. New product introductions play a key role in our growth assumptions. Looking at outdoor, revenue declined 1% year-over-year as economic and geopolitical issues impacted sales of our core product categories. This weakness was partially offset by strength in the outdoor wearable category. The outdoor segment continued to generate strong gross margins and operating margins of 61% and 33% respectively. This represents a slight decline compared to 2014 due to product mix and additional investments in engineering and advertising to support new product launches. In 2016, we expect revenue growth of approximately 10%, which includes anticipated contributions from Pulsed Light and the pending acquisition of DeLorme. We anticipate that the wearable categories will continue to be strong in 2016, driven by the new Fenix 3 HR with wrist heart rate. In addition, we expect to benefit from new product introductions across other categories. Turning next to aviation, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 3%, which exceeded our expectations in the midst of an industry decline of 5% as reported by the General Aviation Manufacturers Association. Gross margins and operating margins remained strong at 74% and 28% respectively. In the fourth quarter, the G3000-equipped HondaJet became the latest aircraft to receive FAA certification, bringing the total to 64 aircraft platforms certified with the Garmin integrated cockpit. In 2016, we are targeting revenue growth of approximately 5% in the aviation segment. While industry dynamics remain a factor, market share gains and new platforms provide opportunities for growth. Looking next at the Marine segment, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 15%, driven by strong sales of new products. Gross margin improved to 55%, while operating margin was down slightly to 10% due to litigation-related costs. However, operating income grew 9% for the year due to stronger revenue and gross margin. For 2016, we are targeting revenue growth of approximately 10% in the Marine segment, driven by new product introductions. We believe our product lineup is very strong as we enter the marine season and we look forward to another year of growth in 2016. Looking finally at the auto segment, revenues were down 15% for the full year, as expected due to the ongoing decline of PND market. Gross margins and operating margins were 44% and 13% respectively and our global market share remains very strong. During the year, our presence at Honda expanded and now includes their Pilot, Accord, Civic and CR-V models. Additionally, our presence at Mercedes recently expanded and now includes their C-Class and E-Class models. Looking at 2016, we expect revenue to decline approximately 15%, driven primarily by ongoing declines in the PND market. We remain focused on disciplined execution in order to bring desired innovation to the market and to maximize profitability in this segment. I want to highlight one other matter regarding action cameras. As of 2016, we have reclassified our action camera product line from the outdoor segment into the auto segment. We believe this change will enhance the alignment of our engineering, marketing and sales resources. Going forward, segment results will be adjusted to reflect this change. So, in summary, we see many opportunities ahead in 2016. However, the macroeconomic challenges we faced in 2015 remain part of the operating environment. With this in mind, we're projecting revenue of approximately $2.82 billion, which is flat year-over-year and steady gross margin of approximately 54.5%. We are projecting operating income of approximately $510 million, with operating margins of approximately 18%. Factoring in an effective tax rate of approximately 20.5%, pro forma earnings per share is expected to be approximately $2.25, which includes a $0.05 negative impact related to acquisitions. So, that concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will walk you through additional details of our financial results. Doug?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full year financial results, then move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statement and taxes. We posted revenue of $781 million for the fourth quarter, representing 3% decrease year-over-year. Gross margin was 52.9%, a 70-basis-point decrease over the prior year, driven by the increased competitive pricing in the fitness segment. Operating income was $146 million. Operating margin was 18.7%, a decrease of 320 basis points over the prior year. This is the result of both a decline in the gross margin rate and operating expense growth of 5% or $12 million, driven by litigation-related costs, increased spending in advertising and research and development. The pro forma effective tax rate at 13%, pro forma EPS was $0.74. Looking at full-year results, we posted revenue of $2.82 billion for the year, representing 2% decrease year-over-year. Gross margin was 54.6%, a 130 basis point decrease over the prior year. Operating income was $550 million compared to $691 million in 2014. Operating margin was 19.5%, a decrease of 460 basis points over the prior year, driven by both gross margin declines and increased operating expenses. Pro forma effective tax rate increased to approximately 20% for full-year 2015 compared to approximately 17% in 2014. Pro forma EPS was $2.49, a 20% decrease year-over-year. We'll discuss gross margins, operating expenses, effective tax rate in more detail later. Next, we'll look at fourth quarter and full year revenue by segment. During the fourth quarter, we experienced growth in four of our five segments led by fitness, with 14% growth and aviation with 12% growth. Collectively, these four segments were up 11% compared to their prior-year quarter. For the full year 2015, we experienced growth in three of our five segments, led by fitness with 16% growth, and marine with 15% growth. Looking at fourth quarter revenue chart on this page, the auto segment represented 35% of our total fourth quarter 2015 revenue compared to 42% in the fourth quarter of 2014. Fitness grew to 29% of revenue in the current period compared to 25% in the prior year. As you can see from the charts that illustrate our profitability mix by segment, outdoor, fitness, marine and aviation collectively delivered 75% of operating income in the fourth quarter 2015 compared to 68% in the fourth quarter 2014. Trailing down on year-over-year gross margin by segment, both aviation and marine posted gross margin rate increases due to product mix. Fitness gross margin rate was lower due to competitive pricing dynamics and product mix. Looking at full-year metrics, for the full year, the non-auto segments made up 62% total revenue compared to 57% in 2014. A similar shift occurred in operating income with 75% of our 2015 operating income collectively coming from outdoor, fitness, marine and aviation segments compared to 69% in 2014. Looking next at operating expenses, as previously mentioned, fourth quarter operating expenses increased by $12 million or 5%. This is a 250 basis-point increase as a percent of sales. Research and development increased $4 million year-over-year, grew 90 basis points to 13.6% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation, for increasing resources focused primarily on aviation, fitness, outdoor and marine where we see long-term growth opportunities. Our advertising expense increased $3 million over the prior year quarter, representing 7.3% of sales, 50 basis point increase. Additional spending was primarily in the fitness segment with a near-term focus on market share growth in wearables. SG&A was up $5 million compared to prior quarter, decreasing 100 basis points as a percent of sales to 13.4%. Increased spending in SG&A was driven primarily by litigation related costs and IT expenses. A few highlights on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of about $2.4 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially due to the holiday quarter and was down year-over-year to $531 million. Inventory balance increased year-over-year to $501 million, so we grew our product offerings and continued to maintain an adequate supply of raw materials for safety stock. During the fourth quarter of 2015, we generated free cash flow of $131 million. Also, in the quarter, we paid dividends of $97 million and repurchased $23 million of company stock, with $160 million remaining for purchase through December 2016. With our dividend and stock repurchase activity during 2015, we returned $509 million of cash to our shareholders. As I previously mentioned, our effective tax rate decreased to 13% in the current quarter compared to a pro forma tax rate of 19% in the fourth quarter 2014. The lower tax rate was primarily result of income mix by tax jurisdiction, which is positively impacted by increase in actual full-year taxable income compared to previous projections and the resulting catch-up benefit for the first two quarters of 2015. Consistent with prior year, fourth quarter tax rate includes a full-year impact of the R&D tax credit. Our full-year pro forma effective tax rate increased from 17% in 2014 to 20% in 2015, primarily due to income mix by tax jurisdiction. We expect our full-year tax rate in 2016 to be approximately 20.5%. We announced this morning that we plan to seek shareholder approval for a dividend of $2.04 per share payable in four installments of $0.51 per share per quarter, beginning with our June 2016 calendar quarter. As Cliff mentioned, beginning in 2016, we will recast action camera sales expenses from our outdoor segment to our auto segment. As such, we'll provide a supplemental schedule to help assist in updating your models. A link to this schedule can be found within the appendix of today's webcast. This concludes our formal remarks. Andrew, can you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Our first question is from Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thank you very much. First of all, just in terms of the 10% growth in outdoor that you're expecting, how much of that is organic versus the contribution from M&A? And then just a follow-up, I wanted to get a sense for your thought process on OpEx and marketing expense into this year relative to last year, some of the fitness growth initiatives have not played out quite as expected. So, just curious if you are considering pulling back on that a bit.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So, Simona, the – in terms of the contributions from acquisitions, we don't break it out in detail, but a big portion of the growth in outdoor is the acquisitions and then some organic growth on top of that. In terms of the OpEx, we're looking at 2016 relatively conservatively. We do have expenses that we incurred in partial year of 2015, that rolled through a full year of 2016. So, that drives some of the increase, and then we have targeted investments in key areas, where we see opportunities for growth.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thanks. Good morning. When you look at the different product segments, how are you thinking about the gross margin trajectory on a look-forward basis relative to what you've seen over the last couple of years?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, the biggest dynamic, Ben, is the changes in the fitness market due to the competitive dynamics and the expansion of the overall market. So, that's one that's driving lower from where it's traditionally been. I would say that the other segments are pretty much on trajectory from where they've been. But keep in mind, we did see some change in the past year due to the currency issue and that will take some time to stabilize in terms of our ability to go back up as we introduce new products and new margin structures into the market.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: And when you look at your OpEx performance or your guidance when you're thinking about OpEx in 2016, the implied OpEx figure looks basically flat to up in 2016 versus 2015. Last year, I think you grew about $100 million year-on-year, in 2014 you grew it about $80 million year-on-year. Is that how we should think about the model going forward, your kind of major heavy-lifting is done and now you're getting back to steady-state or is this kind of a pause year for you?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's hard to look too far down the road because we don't know what additional things we'll encounter in the markets. But in terms of your observations around the previous year is, yes, we did ramp up substantially in those years, both in terms of our advertising spend as well as engineering spend as we launched new categories. We're looking at 2016 as being somewhat of a stabilizing year because we feel like the levels that we're at in particularly like the advertising area is something that we can work well with in the coming year.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Coster from JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, thanks for taking my question. The PND segment obviously continues to be a weight on growth, but it's now declining to the point where I imagine it's easier to start thinking about restructuring that segment and so liberating the overall company from that – perhaps culling some of the product lineup. I'm just wondering what your thoughts are in terms of the positioning of the PND segment, whether you are prepared to yield part of that market in order to just focus on profitability and growth moving forward?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, the PND market is still a significant generator of revenue and profits, and we feel like the market is in a manageable phase in terms of its overall development. Our market share is very strong on a global basis. We believe we're the market leader on a global basis. So we really don't see any significant changes that we plan to make in terms of our approach to the market in the coming year.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Well, I think everybody when do you think that market might stabilize further and why this quarter should be any different? Any thoughts there?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, it's a mix story. Around the world some countries and some markets, as you know, have shown signs of a stabilization, while others have continued to decline. So it's still a dynamic situation.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Last question. The ad spending that we've seen recently is it sort of a one-time deal or do you believe that you've now sort of established the new run rate in terms of your allocation?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think for the time being we feel like we've established a run rate that we're comfortable with and we'll continue to evaluate as market conditions evolve.
Paul Coster - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Pardon me, Faucette. Your line is open.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks. James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Quick questions on both what you saw in 2015 and then in the fourth quarter, geographically, it looked like the U.S. and Europe was down, whereas Asia-Pac was quite strong. I'm wondering if you can give a little bit of at least segment color where its notable for those different regions? I'm just trying to determine kind of what was driving the differences in performance there. And then how are you thinking about the respective segments in 2016 in those geographies and things that we should be looking for? And then – so that's geographic questions. And then just quick follow-up question is, you seem to finally be getting a little more a least footprint with the automakers with the in-dash segment. How should we be thinking about your view on potential returns and return improvement on the investment that you've been putting into in-dash and what you think the way forward is for that part of the business? Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks, James. So in terms of the geographic mix, you're correct that the Americas segment was weaker and Europe, of course, was down and then APAC was strong. I think the dynamics there in Europe, first of all, the currency trends probably impacted us the most, and I think by segment we were actually pleased with many of the results that we had in 2015 and the gains that we had in terms of market share and unit deliveries. In terms of the Americas it was down and I think the biggest impact there was the activity tracker and fitness markets, which were primarily driven out of the Americas in terms of its overall development during the year. And then in APAC we've had strong success in terms of some of our segments there, particularly outdoor and also auto sales, auto OEM sales into various markets in APAC and the Middle East. So in terms of our outlook to 2016, I think we would anticipate some improvement in the Americas side of things, especially as we see growth in some of our traditional markets. I think in Europe we're continuing to plan for growth in terms of unit deliveries and overall improvements in margins and stabilization in currencies. In APAC, we're continuing to see an outlook for growth in terms of what's happening there as well. On the automotive OEM question, I would say that, yes, we continue to make incremental progress. I would say that it's pleasing, but at the same time we're not satisfied with that. We continue to drive for more wins. As you know that this particular market and business is a long-lead business, and so business develops very slowly and I probably can't say when we would see a stabilization, although we're trying to adjust our investments as well as going after near-term deals that would help us improve the overall picture there. So, in general, I feel good about where we're at and I feel like we have more work to do.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Spingarn from Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Good morning.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So, Cliff, I have one for you on aviation and the strength in the quarter and just what you're seeing there given that some of these new products I don't think come online as you said until 2016? And then, Doug, for you, wanted to ask about your expectations for free cash flow in 2016 just given I guess the easy compare with 2015. You had the tax payment and then what buyback assumption might be in your 2016 free cash flow?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So starting, first, Robert, with the aviation side of things, we are pleased with what happened in Q4. I think we would attribute that to several factors. One is, there was a kind of a rush of deliveries that took place at the end of the year, which typically does happen and we had newer platforms that, of course, were part of that mix allowing us to grow some of our revenues on the OEM side. And then we also ran successful promotions in Q4, which helped grow sales on the retrofit side. So I think generally we feel good about where aviation ended the year, but we do continue to see the headwind in terms of the overall market that we've been talking about for a while.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Cliff, before we go to Doug, do you see just on the back of that, do you have any line of sight as to when this market really fundamentally improves or is this global environment with FX and oil, et cetera, that just cloud everything well into the future?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, my view is that that still presents a significant cloud to the longer-term. I would say that we feel that we have opportunities for growth in terms of market share and new platforms, which we continue to do. So we're not necessarily completely pessimistic, but we recognized that the overall trends are challenged, particularly as you see more stock market volatility and of course the lingering effect of lower oil prices and geopolitical events.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And just to be clear, without the new product introductions on sort of same products, would you say volumes are trending negatively in 2016?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I would say it's probably flat based on where things stand today. There's some steady-state deliveries that are going on with our existing OEMs and many of our OEMs are doing reasonably well in this environment. But, again, it's a headwind for everybody.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay, okay. Sorry, Doug.
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: No problem.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I cut you off on aviation.
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yes. Regarding free cash flow, we expect about $400 million of free cash flow for 2016 that assumes about $75 million of CapEx. And regarding share repurchase for 2016, we'll actually monitor that depending upon market and the business conditions during 2016.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Is there anything in particular in that $400 million that makes it a bit lower than let's say the last couple of years before 2015?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Well, it is – we're factoring in the income forecast we have in our guidance as well as taking into consideration our working capital needs and inventory and such.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So those are still rising a bit?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Just a bit. Probably working capital should not increase as much as it has in the previous years, but it'll probably a little bit as we grow our business.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And in any particular segments?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Probably be where we have the new product offerings, primarily in the fitness area, also in inventory, historically we've added some raw material requirements for safety stock, now we've built that up and we'll kind of monitor that as we go along we see the additional safety stock we need to build up.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): I see. Okay. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Anderson from Dougherty & Co. Your line is open.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Yeah, good morning and thanks for taking my question. I just want a quick clarification on the growth rate assumptions in outdoor and auto if those were apples-to-apples with the reclassification with action camera. And then secondly on fitness, I wonder if we could kind of deconstruct just a little bit on a constant currency basis, how much did it grow in 2015, what are sort of the market assumptions for 2016 in terms of the core runner, cycler, cycling, activity tracker and then maybe market share you are assuming to stay pretty steady with market share.
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah, this is Doug. I'll take the first part of that regarding the guidance numbers we had for outdoor and auto. Yes, we actually – those guidance numbers that we gave factored in recasting, reclassifying the prior year numbers. So beginning in 2016, the segment information that you'll see in our Qs go forward, will have those numbers recast.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: And in terms of our outlook, Charlie, in 2016 on fitness, we're projecting 10% overall in the segment and that's pretty much an equal mix of growth in trackers as well as the other product lines, the cycling, the running and all of those. In terms of market share where we are today, we believe we are the market share leader in the GPS-enabled wearable device part of the market. We believe that our share is currently in the low-to-mid 40% range. The market has expanded significantly in the past year, so in terms of overall unit deliveries, we are still on a growth mode and we would expect to take some additional share and reclaim some share in the coming year as we feel our product lineup is much stronger than it was with many more products coming out with wrist-based heart rate.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks so much.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Charlie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tavis McCourt from Raymond James. Your line is open.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey. Thanks for taking my question. A couple for you, Cliff. In the Aviation business, where do we stand now in terms of the mix that's OEM versus aftermarket and as you guided for the year, what are your assumptions on that aftermarket trend? And then in terms of the logic of moving the camera business to auto, is there some operational logic there besides just moving it to a declining business category, should we expect more integration of cameras and new applications in the PND segment?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. Okay. So on Aviation, in terms of the mix, we don't detail that out, but generally we see slightly stronger results in OEM as we add new platforms and steady to increasing growth in terms of retrofit as we introduce new products into the market. In terms of our logic around the move of the action cameras, as I mentioned in my remarks, there's a lot of similarities in the technologies and the market channels for action cameras as well as dash cameras that we're having already in our automotive segment. And so consequently, we felt like it would better align all those resources and create more efficiencies as we deal with those similar technologies and risk to market.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks. And Doug, if we look at the full year guidance of roughly flat on the top line, as we think about Q1, should it be a significant departure from that, better or worse based on – I forget if Q1 was a disappointing or strong quarter last year, but based on the comps and everything, how should we view Q1?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah. We don't give quarterly guidance, but Q1 is a lower seasonal quarter for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Erickson from Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First, just want to understand the margin dynamics, I guess, a little bit better for fitness, if we assume sort of flat FX, does 10% growth in fitness effectively equate to say stable margins or does that still imply some margin erosion year-over-year?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Yeah, Brad we're projecting margin erosion in fitness in 2016; of course, we had quite a bit of margin erosion in 2015 due to both currency and the competitive dynamics, but in 2016 we're projecting that the margin will continue to come down. We're comping against much higher margins that we had last year in the first half in fitness and we feel like it will stabilize down to a lower level, about a 300 basis point impact.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities: Got it. That's helpful. And then just on the fitness products overall, you talked a lot about on this call thus far around the heart rate monitoring technology. Can you kind of give us a sense of maybe some of the other sensor technologies that are maybe of interest for those products in the future? Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we don't talk about our future roadmap but we have explorations going on around many different kinds of sensor technologies and looking at which ones of those will provide useful guidance information for average consumers.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Will Power from Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great, thanks. And maybe just first up a follow-up on aviation. I think on the previous call or couple of the calls you had referenced some of the negative energy impacts. I wonder if you could give us a sense for what you're seeing on that front, how much is that limiting the growth opportunity in 2016?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think the energy situation directly impacts particularly the helicopter market because helicopters are used significantly in oil exploration and all of the logistics that go around that. So that's one big impact. But then in terms of oil producing countries, the lower oil prices are having an economic impact broadly in those. So the citizens are not necessarily anxious to buy when oil prices are low. So that's really the major factors that's creating headwind in terms of the oil impact.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then just bigger picture, just as you think about the cash balance versus probably one of the regular quarterly questions too, any updated thoughts with respect to plans for that cash balance thoughts around more aggressive stock buyback or the ability to do that or just any other updated thoughts with respect to how to best utilize that?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think the priorities for our cash are to be a reliable payer of dividend over the long-term. So we focus heavily on that and then secondarily to look for opportunities for tuck-in acquisitions that can help complement our business, add resources or expand our markets. So these are the two primary areas and then we intend to supplement that with additional share buybacks. Based on our current free cash flow, our targets have been to return about 100% of that, again, based on where we are today. But it's something we evaluate as we go along depending on our cash flow and the overall situation.
Will V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that's all the questioners in the queue at this time. So, I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Teri Seck - Manager, Investor Relations & SEC Reporting, Garmin Ltd.: Okay. Thank you, everyone. Doug and I will be available for call back.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you again for your participation in today's conference. This now concludes the program and you may all disconnect your telephone lines at this time. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston – Director-Investor Relations Cliff Pemble – President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Boessen – Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: James Faucette – Morgan Stanley Simona Jankowski – Goldman Sachs Mark Sue – RBC Jeremy David – Citigroup Charlie Anderson – Dougherty & Company Tavis McCourt – Raymond James Ben Bollin – Cleveland Research Will Power – Robert W. Baird Brad Erickson – Pacific Crest Securities Kristine Liwag – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Rich Valera – Needham & Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin LTD Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s program maybe recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s program, Kerri Thurston, Manager of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kerri Thurston: Good morning, we would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited’s third quarter 2015 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin’s Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/doc. An archive of the webcast and related transcripts will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our product and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K which is filed with Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As previously announced Garmin reported third-quarter revenue decreased 4% year-over-year. Aviation, fitness, marine and outdoor contributed 61% of total revenues and 75% of the operating profit in the third quarter. We continue to see our revenue base diversify broadly across our business segments. Gross margin was 53% and operating margin came in at 18.5%. Reduction in margins from the prior year reflects a combination of factors. Including downward pressure from unfavorable currency movements, a more competitive pricing environment, particularly in the fitness market and continued investments in advertising and R&D. These factors, combined with a higher effective tax rate, resulted in pro forma EPS of $0.51 in the quarter. Throughout the year we have highlighted that the strong U.S. Dollar related revenue has been in geographies of weaker currencies. In contrast, unit delivers were up 4% for the quarter and 10% for the year, due to the contribution from growth segments. While our primary yardstick is financial performance, we are encouraged by the underlying trends reflected in unit growth. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first I’ll provide a few comments on each business segment. Beginning with the fitness segment, revenue grew 23% on a year-over-year basis with the sequential acceleration driven by strength in activity trackers, multisport, and cycling products. It’s interesting to note that current headwinds disproportionately impact the fitness segment due to the geographical revenue mix. These headwinds have softened revenue growth while unit deliveries have remained strong. We believe this indicates that the underlying business case remains sound Gross and operating margins were 54% and 19% respectively. Gross margin was impacted by unfavorable currency movements and competitive dynamics in the market. Operating margin was impacted by increased spending in R&D and global advertising. We believe these investments are strategically important in order to maximize the opportunity in this high growth segment. We’ve recently introduced a new family of Forerunner products which includes three models the Forerunner 230, Forerunner 235, and Forerunner 630. Notably, the Forerunner 235 is our first wearable to incorporate Garmin Elevate technology. Garmin Elevate is a wrist-based heart rate sensor we specifically developed to serve a broad range of used cases from all-day heart rate tracking to intense workouts. All of the new Forerunners are compatible with our Connect IQ application framework, enabling users to personalize their watches with a host of interesting watch faces, custom data fields, and useful applications developed by third parties. We also recently introduced an exciting new activity tracker called vívosmart HR, which also features Garmin Elevate technology for all-day heart rate tracking and activity intensity monitoring. Garmin Elevate technology combined with an always-on display and smart notifications, make the vívosmart HR one of the most capable activity trackers available on the market. To support these products and many others we have released a major update of Garmin Connect Mobile. This update features a completely new user interface making an easy to view important activity information at a glance and providing even more customizations to fit individual needs. All of these new products are shipping now and we will soon launch a major new advertising campaign to support sales during the upcoming holiday shopping season. Looking at outdoor revenue declined 5% year-over-year, as the revenue mix shifted to geographies with weaker currencies. Gross and operating margins were stable sequentially, but declined year-over-year driven primarily by currency weakness and product mix. The Fenix 3 has been an exciting success story this year. During the quarter we expanded the available choices for Fenix 3 with new color and material options and time for the holiday shopping season. Turning next aviation, revenue declined 5%, as the industry had been impacted by lower oil prices and stock market volatility. Gross and operating margins remained strong at 74% and 25% respectively, though operating margin declined on a year-over-year basis due to R&D growth supporting future revenue opportunities. While the industry slowdown is disappointing, we remain confident in our improving position in the business jet category and look forward to completing development and certification of additional aircraft platform, as previously announced. We remain confident in our market position and the opportunities for long-term growth. Looking at submarine, revenue was flat in the third quarter, as the boating season ended and we passed the first anniversary of the July 2014 acquisition of Fusion. Gross and operating margins improved as mix shifted to new products with higher margin profiles. Our investment and innovation has resulted in increased market share and industry-wide recognition. Garmin was recently honored as Manufacturer of the Year by the National Marine Electronics Association. We also won four product-specific awards in the autopilot multi-function display and smartphone applications categories. We intend to build on this momentum in the coming year with additional innovation and market share gains. In the auto segment, revenues were down 14% in the quarter, driven by the secular decline in PND market, as expected, however, our worldwide market share remains stable and strong. The PND market is an important part of our business and we remain focused on delivering a superior in-vehicle experience. Most recent example is babyCam, which was announced earlier this month. babyCam is a back seat monitoring system that streams wireless video to compatible Garmin PNDs. This system provides front seat passengers the ability to safely monitor the well-being of other passengers or cargo and appliance. As previously announced we’ve updated our full-year guidance and now anticipate revenues of approximately $2.8 billion, which includes approximately $185 million of negative currency impact, due to the stronger U.S. Dollar. Our revenue outlook has been adjusted in fitness, outdoor and aviation, which are the segments most impacted by the economic and competitive factors, mentioned previously. We expect gross margin to be approximately 53.5%, down slightly from previous guidance, due to unfavorable geographic revenue mix and competitive pricing dynamics in the fitness segment. Due to the revenue and gross margin revisions, we now expect operating margin to be approximately 18.4%. Finally, we anticipate pro forma EPS of approximately $2.25, which also reflects the higher anticipated tax rate for the full year. While it’s disappointing to revise to our guidance, we believe that the underlying business trends remain positive. And our investments in R&D and advertising will create long-term opportunities. That concludes my remarks. Next Doug will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I’d like to briefly review our financial results, then move to summary of comments on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We posted revenue of $680 million for the quarter, pro forma net income of $97 million. Pro forma EPS was $0.51 per share. During the quarter, we faced significant exposure to foreign currency fluctuations, which resulted in a revenue headwind of $52 million or 7% of revenue. Gross margin declined to 53%, 310 basis point decrease from prior year. Operating margin was 18.5%, a 640 basis point decrease from the prior year. Finally, effective tax rate increased to 27.7% at current quarter, compared to a pro forma rate of 21% in the prior year. This created earnings pressure of $0.05 per share. We’ll discuss gross margin, operating expenses and effective tax rate in more detail later. Next, we will look at third quarter revenue by segment. The auto segment represented 39% of our total Q3 2015 revenue, compared to 44% in the third quarter 2014. We continue to diversify our revenue base, with fitness increasing to 21%, our total Q3 2015 revenue. Next I’d like to discuss gross margin. This decreased to 53.3%, driven largely by the currency headwind, which reduced revenue by $52 million on a constant currency basis. As well as pricing dynamics in the fitness segment. Total corporate operating margin was 18.5% due to gross margin pressure and increased R&D investment. Looking next at operating expenses. Third quarter operating expense increased by $14 million or 6%. This is a 330 basis point increase as a percent of sales. Research and development increased $7 million year-over-year, or 150 basis points to 15.6% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation, with increasing resources focused primarily on aviation, fitness, and outdoor, where we see long-term growth opportunities. Our advertising expense increased $4 million for the prior quarter, represented 5.4% of sales, a 70 basis point increase. Additional spending was focused on fitness with investments in media, point-of-sale presence with key retailers, and cooperative advertising. SG&A was up $3 million compared to the prior quarter, increasing 100 basis points as a percent of sales to 13.8%. Increased spending was driven primarily by IT expenses, product support costs, as our customer base continues to grow rapidly. Just a few quick highlights on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over $2.4 billion. Accounts receivable decreased both sequentially and year-over-year to $432 million. Our inventory balance increased to $5.3 million, prepared for the fourth quarter and launch of a number of new products simultaneously. During the third quarter of 2015, we generated free cash flow of $124 million. Also in the quarter, we paid dividends of $97 million, repurchased $51 million of company stock with $192 million remaining for purchase through December 2016. Finally, as I mentioned previously, effective tax rate increased to 27.7% in the current quarter, compared to a pro forma rate of 21% on third quarter of 2014. Increased tax rate was primarily result of forecasted income mix by tax jurisdiction which was negatively impacted by the overall reduction in forecasted taxable income, and the result in catch up expense for the first half of 2015. Our full-year effective tax rate is now expected to be approximately 21.5% due to the change in income mix by tax jurisdiction. Consistent with last year, the full year effective tax rate forecast assumes the passage of the R&D tax credit. This concludes our formal remarks. Johnson, can you please open the line for Q&-A?
Operator: Certainly. [Operator Instruction] Our first question comes from the line of James Faucette from Morgan Stanley. Your question, please? James, you might have your phone on mute.
James Faucette: Yes, can you hear me, now?
Operator: Yes.
James Faucette: Okay, thank you. I wanted to ask a couple of larger, bigger picture questions. As we go into the end of this year and we start to think about 2016, how are you thinking about the appropriate levels of investment into efforts like fitness bands, et cetera. Clearly that has – you haven’t done as well as you would have thought and you’re still hopeful there and looking to invest. But when do you think about starting to rationalize better or reevaluate that, first. And second I guess is more of a backwards-looking question, but as we’ve gone through this year we’ve seen you revise your expectations related to and the impact from exchange rates a few times, first it was just on the pure translation and then later it’s been on demand. How are you feeling about where we’re at from that perspective? And do you think that the lower levels of demand given the higher pricing the U.S. dollar persists into 2016 or do you need to make pricing adjustments to address that better going into next year? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yes thanks James. In terms of 2016 it’s certainly too early to comment but I would say that this fourth quarter is obviously very crucial in terms of gauging the overall market and we believe at this point we have a very strong product line that we’ll read a lot into our plans for 2016. So our approach would be to plan our 2016 based on of course how we view the market towards the end of this year. In terms of the revisions and kind of commenting on where we are at, I think, our situation with the currency is not so much an issue of lower demand or lower quantities, but it really is pressure on the revenue side and the translation of currency. We had some particularly strong results in some of those currency affected areas which is actually a good problem to have. But from the pricing point of view it’s very difficult to change the pricing in a short-term basis. So we’re doing what we can in the short-term to increase prices where we have some ability to do that, that’s a longer-term solution it’s really with products, new products and innovation.
James Faucette: Thank very much. And then just last follow-up question for me. Can you give an update on in-dash [ph] and specifically where we’re out with Honda, that seem to be a good opportunity for you. And what are you thinking about the roll out potential of pro [ph] with that partner?
Cliff Pemble: Well, Honda is currently rolling out in North America now, so we’re on a quite few platforms there, including the Pilot, Civic, CR-V and the Accord. So we’re excited about what’s going on there and it is rolling out for plan.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs, your question, please.
Simona Jankowski: Hi, I just had a couple of question on fitness, as well. Can you help us understand the relative impact to pricing and margins from FX versus the competitive elements? And then, I was curious, if the products you just introduced, the Forerunner, the vívosmart, is that the line up for the holidays or are there others in the pipeline and are you looking at expanding into adjacent categories, as well? And then just lastly, any thought on hedging, I know you historically hadn’t, but just given the moves we’ve been seeing, is that something that you are now considering?
Doug Boessen: Yes, this Doug. I will talk about the breakout of the fitness gross margin, year-over-year decline, about 360 basis points of that decline year-over-year is due to FX, the remainder is due to the product mix change, as well as the competitive pricing dynamics. And as it relates to hedging, hedging is something where we’ve seen the fluctuations in the currency all through our corporate history book from a favorable, as well as unfavorable and we looked that in the past. Our current plans are not to hedge, since there has been large fluctuation of currency that is already taking place.
Cliff Pemble: And in terms of the product line-up, Simona, we’re basically in place now with our fourth quarter holiday plans of all of the introductions that we had planned for the year, so 19% [ph].
Simona Jankowski: And Clif, in addition to the holiday line-up, are you investing in adjacent categories. We know within fitness or outdoor, beyond the existing categories?
Clifton Pemble: In terms of, what way?
Simona Jankowski: Just new product categories, so other than say fitness, watches or outdoor devices. Are there any adjacencies that we may not be thinking of that on your internal roadmap?
Clifton Pemble: Well, we always have things on our internal roadmap and we don’t share those publicly. Out one of the recent examples of course in the automotive area was babyCam and we intend to continue to see that across all of our segments.
Simona Jankowski: Great, thank you.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Sue from RBC, your question, please.
Mark Sue: Thank you, maybe just some further details on your competitive dynamics and pricing in fitness, well was it cutting prices and how does Garmin respond in a market, where price elasticity of demand is quite high. And you are also at the advantage of your prices being higher, because of FX. So maybe how we should think about how you stand the market share loss and also recall how you might reverse that. In fact everyone has new products, we’re just trying to get a sense of how you might be able to improve this metric? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think a couple of things, Mark, in terms of the pricing, last year we were selling our basic entry-level tracker, the Vivofit at $129. And this year in terms of product lifecycle and overall market the situation has changed where that’s above sub-$99 or sometime even sub-$79 product. Of course, we have other products that are filled in towards the upper end, but the situation is just different this year than last year. In terms of FX we aren’t really at a pricing disadvantage because of FX. It doesn’t make our prices higher, but it makes it – the impact is on the revenue we recognize in U.S. dollars once the currencies are translated. So that’s really the factor. And then the other thing I would mention is that the overall fitness market also includes running and the running market dynamics have changed in the past year, due to the advent of the wrist-based heart rate being key features that customers want. And consequently our product line until we started introducing our products of Forerunner 225 and now Forerunner 235 have been little softer in the market because of absence of that feature.
Mark Sue: That’s helpful. As it relates to your balance sheet, you have a very healthy balance sheet and your stock currencies actually quite depressed. If you look at next year and we look at all the positive trends that are going to happen, as it relates to, new products, new market entry. Any thoughts on doing a big ASR at this point, adding some debt to the balance sheet, so that you can – retire quite a bit of soft trade [ph] and make up for some of the EPS that we lost as we started the year?
Cliff Pemble: At this point of time, you are right we do have a very strong balance sheet, as well as still have significant cash flow. But as we look at that our stock buyback situation will continue to monitor that depending upon the different conditions that are out there.
Mark Sue: That’s helpful and thank you and good luck.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy David from Citigroup. Your question, please?
Jeremy David: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Congratulations on the introduction of your Elevate wrist-based heart rate monitoring technology. How accurate is that technology versus other wrist-based heart rate monitoring technology available in the market today if you could compare that? Maybe what is the difference versus other technologies. Maybe I want to do a clarify, when the new Forerunner 235 and the vívosmart HR when we’re expecting to see the ramp of these products, unlike it’s more in Q1 than Q4 based on accounting [ph] some of the lone grades you’ve used in the press release, you split that, I wanted to check that with you.
Doug Boessen: Yes in terms of the heart rate technology Jeremy, you know that we are a company that comes from the technical running side of things. So heart rate accuracy is very important to us. And other things that we did with our new technologies is ensure that it works very well for both the demanding athlete, as well as the less demanding requirements of all-day tracking. So we feel very good about the accuracy of our solution we feel like it’s very versatile and allows us to widely deploy it across our product line. In terms of ramp-up of the new products, these products as I mentioned in my comments, are available shipping now and they should be vívosmart HR should be available the November 1 at Best Buy and Forerunner 235 is also shipping now. So we think that they will have a meaningful impact on our Q4.
Jeremy David: Okay that’s very helpful, thank you. If I can have a follow-up, you mentioned currency headwinds for several quarters now. However, does it look at you revenue breakdown by regions? All of the growth is coming from inside of the U.S. APAC is performing very strongly up double-digits year-over-year. But the U.S. revenue was down 10% year-over-year because there there’s no currency impact there. So first what are the drivers of growth in APAC and then why are sales in U.S. pretty week?
Cliff Pemble: Well we’ve been doing very well in APAC in some countries like China and Taiwan particularly with wearables that’s a big growth area there. But one thing I would like to highlight is that, last year in Q3 the Americas region had its strongest performance of the year, up 12%. And so we are comping against little stronger performance in the Americas region, as well.
Jeremy David: Great and then last question. If I look at your free cash flow for the year so far first three quarters of 2015. You spend more on the dividend, then you’ve generated free cash flow. How do – how should we think about dividend growth going forward and dividend sustainability? Thank you.
Doug Boessen: Well I think our cash flow situation of course has been impacted by all the factors that we mentioned, particularly the reduction in revenues due to currency, as well as the increased tax rate. So this is not the ideal situation that we would have planned and of course we plan for higher levels of cash flow generation in the future with new product introductions and as things normalized around the currency rates.
Jeremy David: Okay thanks for answering my questions. Appreciate it.
Doug Boessen: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Charlie Anderson from Dougherty & Company, your question please.
Charlie Anderson: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. I wonder if you could take a stab at how fitness grew on a constant currency basis in the quarter and then sort of that exit rate for the year, would be helpful. And then secondly, on fitness, you are spending more advertising I wonder if we should think about a certain number for, sort of a percent of sales as you go forward, if there is a change there versus the past, what that number might be?
Doug Boessen: Yes, in terms of the growth on a constant currency, we kind of headlined our overall situation on a consolidated basis so we haven’t been focusing on that on the individual segments. We feel like the situation is going to quickly clear as we exit the year because if you remember the currency took a major nosedive that the international currencies did around the first half of the year. So a lot has changed between then and now because we’re introducing new products, we’re adjusting pricing and so the comment on constant currency, things start to get a little bit intermingled and difficult to isolate. In terms of advertising, we are spending at a higher level strategically in fitness. And we will continue to do so in the future in order to take advantage of the opportunity. So I would expect that in the coming year that we would have an increased level of advertising over historical levels probably similar in terms of percentage of sales and as to where we are today.
Charlie Anderson: Great, then my follow-up relates to aviation. It was a couple of year ago you guys won a number of new platforms, we haven’t seen a lot of new platforms been announced in the last couple of years. I wonder how that pipeline looks today as we close out the year we’ve got NBAA in a month or so.
Cliff Pemble: Well, we still are working on some new platforms that haven’t air reached in the market. As you know the 100 Jet and Cirrus SF50. And so those have been programs that are still in the works and of course we are constantly working on new business, but at this time we don’t have anything to report.
Charlie Anderson: Thanks so much.
Cliff Pemble: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tavis McCourt from Raymond James.
Tavis McCourt: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Quick, my product question is on the auto business and kind of the aftermarket, specifically. This year you’ve launched a lot of enhancements to kind of the classic PND line, whether that’s the babyCam or DashCam or some units with forward collision warning, lane departure warning and as more technology kind of gets baked into cars at the OEM level would seem to create an opportunity for aftermarket sales. What I’m getting at is, have you done any advertising around these new features or any sense of the demand levels for them yet? Is that part of the advertising increase in Q4, where the advertising increase corporate wide, really just focused on the fitness side of the business.
Cliff Pemble: Well I think, specifically for auto we have done some appropriate level of advertising around some of these new features that you mentioned. But as you know the category has matured and has been in secular declines. So we’re judiciously investing there, based on the opportunity. In terms of where we’re focused strategically, the fitness market and to some extent outdoor categories are where we’re focusing our advertising spend.
Tavis McCourt: Got you. And then Doug you mentioned specifically $52 million of FX headwind this quarter, although like you said, I suspect it’s kind of tough of nail down exactly, because of price changes and things like that. And then you mentioned, I think, $185 million on the year. What is that implied headwind in Q4 and I suspect in Q1 that gets pretty de minimis, but just wanted make sure that.
Doug Boessen: Yes, so basically, yes, we had $148 million year-to-date of headwinds. So $185 is the amount of difference from that standpoint. And as you move into Q1, as Cliff previously mentioned, some of the exchange rates hopefully will kind of be more level, year-over-year from that standpoint. But yes…
Cliff Pemble: Yes.
Doug Boessen: We will have to see how the currencies, move over to next three months or so.
Tavis McCourt: And from a cost perspective, there is a change in the Taiwanese dollar, the last couple of months, impact you guys positively or negatively?
Cliff Pemble: Impacting us positively right now, as it’s been swinging weaker. So that’s reflected in our overall results.
Tavis McCourt: Okay, thanks very much.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from the line of Ben Bollin from Cleveland Research, your question, please.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, thanks for taking my call.
Doug Boessen: Good morning.
Ben Bollin: First question I had for you is when you look at the sustainability of these investments you’re making, you commented advertising probably runs a little harder into next year. But when you look at R&D it’s increased in absolute terms, total dollars for the last several years and growing again, as a percentage of revenue this year. Should that pattern persist or how should we think about the R&D growth on a look-forward basis? And then I have a follow-up.
Cliff Pemble: Well, certainly has increased in the past years and part of that is that the product lines have become more complicated than they used to be in the past. They used to be that we could tell a device that was engineered to kind of standalone unit. But today we not only have to do the device, but we also have to do the cloud and the mobile applications so the development has become more complicated and thus requires more investments just kind of the reality of the current state of the market. With that said, we do wish to leverage our R&D investments and overtime try to equalize out with the opportunity but it would definitely be at a higher level than what we’ve seen historically.
Ben Bollin: Okay, second part, lots of discussion about the emphasis and the push into the fitness business. And if you look at the margin performance in fitness, in the quarter it was essentially at the corporate operating margin level. Obviously there’s implicit makeshift towards the fitness wearables. But as you see a larger percentage of sales from fitness wearables and capabilities improve, the margins get better in that business or how should we think about the margin performance within fitness overtime?
Doug Boessen: Well, certainly, our goal is to try to bring it back towards where it was but I think, it is kind of the state of the new reality in the market. There is a lot of emphasis on the fitness, a lot of competition out there. And so I would not expect to be able to certainly, quickly or maybe even ever be able to get back to the very high levels that we had when the product mix was only specialty products.
Ben Bollin: Thank you.
Doug Boessen: All right. Thank you, Ben.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Will Power from Robert W. Baird. Your question please.
Will Power: Great, yes, thanks for taking the question. I guess a couple of questions. First maybe on the outdoor segment, I want the commentary you had, I think the release you alluded to growth opportunities in 2016. So I guess, I wondered if you could elaborate on that, what you think might help grow that category for you next year and I guess along those lines any updates perhaps on the golf market, camera market, et cetera.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, in terms of outdoor the opportunity there is particularly in wearables and also dog products have been doing very well. And so again next year we would intend to leverage those categories to be able to sustain and possibly even grow the overall category of outdoor. In terms of cameras, we’ve just recently introduced the VIRB X and VIRB XE. And we’ve taken an approach there being more of a niche player particularly appealing to the other segment customers in our product line, particularly in marine and aviation. And we feel reasonably positive about how that’s been going as more of a niche category we’ve had a lot of good feedback from those markets. And it’s been getting specialty distribution that seems to be good.
Will Power: Okay, and then the second question just coming back to aviation, it feels like visibility is limited and there have been some macro headwinds, I mean are there any green shoots on the horizon that you see at this point from a macro standpoint or I guess you referenced stock market and energy prices being a limiting factors. That continues to be that the principle headwind. And I guess along with that I guess I’m just curious how you kind of – how do you frame you energy market exposure how big of an issue is that?
Cliff Pemble: Yes in terms of the macro side we don’t really see anything in the near-term that reverses that the trends, I think, aviation tends to be a long-term play. So as a result, as the macro conditions ebb and flow it tends to impact the market and the market reacts over a period of months or years. But in terms of the oil side of things the biggest impact for us has been on the helicopter side, particularly where the oil services companies and of course the providers of equipment to those and both the OEM and aftermarket has been challenged in that environment. And the other secondary factor is the oil producing countries the people there probably aren’t buying as many aircraft or retrofitting as many aircraft in that environment. But that will equalize overtime, oil prices tend to go up and down, so it’s not something we’re particularly worried about in the longer-term.
Will Power: Okay. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes in the line of Brad Erickson from Pacific Crest Securities, your question please.
Brad Erickson: Hi, thanks for taking my questions. Just following-up on fitness, I guess seems like your unit growth here in Europe has been obviously lot better than in the U.S. lately. Is that something you see continuing or will those growth rate sort – converge as we look out into 2016?
Doug Boessen: Well I think it’s probably hard to predict how the different markets perform. Europe and the international scene is probably a year or two behind in terms of the overall adoption of fitness and wellness based products. But they’re in a little more of a growth curve at this moment.
Brad Erickson: Got it. And then just on the aviation front, can you just talk about just briefly of the cadence of kind of new certifications you have coming out over the next year or year or two perhaps and how that compares to this past year or two?
Doug Boessen: Yes, I think, the past couple of years we’ve definitely seen a lot of new platforms, particularly in late 2013, 2014 and early 2015. We still have a couple of platforms that are publicly announced out there that are yet to be certified late this year, early next year. But in terms of the new business of course I can’t comment on those at this time.
Brad Erickson: Got it and then finally an apologize, I think, you may have already address this but I missed it. The operating results obviously leading to lower cash flows than we thought a few quarters ago. Can you kind a talk about how this might impact the dividend and just, I guess, more broadly how the boards thinks about changes to the dividend in light of weaker operation. Thank you.
Doug Boessen: So I think dividend is a high priority for us, particularly to be a reliable, long-term payer of dividend. So that’s really our number one priority in terms of our overall usage of free cash flow. For us, at higher levels of cash flow we also want to consider other investments like acquisitions and buybacks, but will tend to fill those in based on our available cash flow in order to make sure that we’re able to manage our cash appropriately.
Brad Erickson: Got it, that’s helpful. Thanks.
Doug Boessen: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your question please.
Kristine Liwag: Hi, good morning everyone. This is actually Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron.
Doug Boessen: Hi, Christian.
Kristine Liwag: When you think about the target customers for new products that you are rolling out in fitness for activity trackers and baby monitors, first as your traditional customers for high and niche fitness watches and power meters, how much do you think that overlap is between the two groups?
Doug Boessen: Between new customers and the existing customers?
Kristine Liwag: I mean, buyers of newer products that seem to be a little bit more of targeted to mainstream versus your legacy portfolio that’s more of niche activity tracker for marathon trainers and things like that.
Doug Boessen: Yes, I think that’s a while running has traditionally been viewed as a niche, I think, there’s is definitely a social movement going on now with increased activity including running. So a lot of people are starting to be interested in it, and pick up on it and a lot of people that are coming to the market of course are people that have been exposed to Garmin in some way. So we feel like we do have broad brand recognition and the ability to serve those customers, as they get interested in it.
Kristine Liwag: Sure, and also I understand that advertising dollars will pick up, I mean, you’ve mentioned that a few times. But then will you also have a shift in strategy, especially, as I mentioned, right here – it seems like you’re moving a little bit more towards the mainstream customer.
Cliff Pemble: Well, I mean, we’re advertising those products where we see the biggest market opportunity and that’s particularly in areas of activity trackers, fitness, and some of our wearables and outdoor.
Kristine Liwag: Sure. And last question from me. From my understanding, and please correct me if I’m wrong, aviation products are largely manufactured in Kansas, while a lot of your consumer electronic parts are really in Taiwan. If there is a strategic decision to unlock value and split up the company, how easy is that to do on an operation and manufacturing perspective? And then, a follow-up to that, would be, first how often do you and the Board discuss portfolio shaping?
Cliff Pemble: Portfolio, shaping?
Kristine Liwag: Yes.
Cliff Pemble: Okay, understand. So I’ll address the first question you mentioned about unlocking value, that is something that not on our radar right now. We view our all of our segments, as strategic components of our overall portfolio and it’s something that we aren’t considering. In terms of portfolio shaping, I’m assumingly what you mean by that is a strategic direction of our product portfolio and that is something that we review, on a regular basis with our Board and it’s something that we review internally on a constant basis within our company, with each segment.
Kristine Liwag: Okay, great, thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, our next question comes from the line of Rich Valera, from Needham & Company, your question please.
Rich Valera: Thank you. Cliff just in terms of your – you mentioned sort of a plan to improve the operations of the company relative to the recent poor results and it wasn’t clear to me if there was sort of anything new – any new elements to the plan. If you’ve made any sort of strategic decisions, as far as how you’re going to approach the market based on the recent downturn or is it kind of more of the keep investing in new products and new adjacencies and go after the markets, that way, I just wanted to know, if there’s anything new or different and maybe in the way you’re approaching the market, based on the recent results?
Cliff Pemble: Yes I think the recent results are obviously challenging, because on the financial yardstick point of view, we of course are experiencing pressure. But as I mentioned in my comments on the unit side of things, our unit deliveries are up and we’re seeing success in markets around the world. So it really isn’t a time for us to strategically peel back on some of those things. In fact, it’s probably a time to increase, so that we can create more innovation out there and over the long-term, as I mentioned before, be able to reset the pricing in the market around new products and new innovation.
Rich Valera: Great, that makes sense. Thank you.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude the question-and-answer session of today’s program. I’d like to hand the program back to Doug Baesson, Chief Financial Officer.
Doug Boessen: Thanks to everyone for attending today, appreciate it. Take care.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri R. Thurston - Director-Investor Relations Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Brad D. Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities LLC Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co. Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC Jeremy David - Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Broker) Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Limited Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only model. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Kerri Thurston, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin.
Kerri R. Thurston - Director-Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's Second Quarter 2015 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and the related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet, at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and the related transcript will also be via our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K, which is filed with the SEC. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and CEO; and Doug Boessen, CFO and Treasurer. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As previously announced, Garmin reported second quarter revenue which was down only slightly year-over-year, despite significant downward pressure caused by a stronger U.S. dollar. In the quarter, we shipped over 4 million units, representing an 8% increase over the prior year. Unfavorable currency movements continue to impact many global companies, and we are no exception. We estimate that unfavorable currency movements reduced revenue by approximately $59 million in the quarter, which affected revenue growth, margins and EPS. Note that our pro forma calculations do not account for these factors, but we offer this commentary to highlight the underlying strength of our business. Revenue from aviation, fitness, marine and outdoor grew 11% on a combined basis. These segments contributed 61% of the total revenue and 73% of the operating profit in the second quarter. Gross margin was 54% and operating margin came in at 22%. The reduction in margins from the prior year reflects a combination of factors, including downward pressure from unfavorable currency movements, a more competitive pricing environment and continued investments in advertising and R&D. These factors, combined with a higher effective tax rate, resulted in GAAP and pro forma EPS of $0.72 in the quarter. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first I'll provide a few comments on each business segment. Beginning with the fitness segment, revenue grew 5% on a year-over-year basis, which is slower than both first quarter and the year-ago quarter. Looking closer, prior year growth reflected significant sell-in activity due to new product launches, which were not repeated in 2015. Additionally, as I mentioned last time, currency headwinds disproportionately impact fitness and outdoor due to the geographical revenue mix. In summary, while the growth rate slowed in the second quarter, we believe that the underlying foundation of this segment is solid. Gross and operating margins were 56% and 21%, respectively. Gross margin was impacted by unfavorable currency movements and product mix shifting towards lower margin products while operating margin was further impacted by increased R&D and advertising investments, which we believe position us for long-term success. In the second quarter, we began deliveries of the Forerunner 225 which incorporates wrist-based heart rate. We are pleased with the initial demand for this exciting new running watch. Finally, we introduced an exciting range of cycling products that offer new utility for enhanced performance and safety for the cycling community. Looking at outdoor, revenue grew 4% due to improved product supply and strong demand for our wearable devices. Gross and operating margins were relatively stable, allowing us to deliver operating income growth of 6%. While gross margin was comparable to last year, it was negatively impacted in the second quarter of 2014 due to an inventory reserve. As I just mentioned, our wearable devices have performed well in 2015 and our flagship product is the Fenix 3. This device appeals to a broad range of customers from those looking for multi-sport features to those who are more interested in style. We see growth opportunities in the outdoor wearable category and we are making additional investments to capitalize on the opportunity. During the quarter, we introduced touchscreen technology into our bestselling eTrex Series. In addition, we introduced a new model of our Rino communicator product series. We expect these products will perform well in the back half of 2015. Turning next to aviation, we posted revenue growth of 5%, driven by growth in aftermarket sales. While gross and operating margins remain strong at 73% and 27% respectively, operating profit declined slightly on a year-over-year basis due to R&D investments supporting future revenue opportunities. Last quarter, the General Aviation Manufacturers Association reported that deliveries of new aircraft fell 15%, led by a 19% drop in piston aircraft deliveries. In addition, deliveries of helicopters fell 18%. Despite this near-term weakness, we continue to see long-term opportunities in the market and are supporting numerous OEM partners in the development and certification of multiple aircraft and helicopter platforms. Looking next at marine, revenue grew 41% in the quarter driven by the strength of our 2015 product line-up and contributions from our Fusion marine entertainment division, which was acquired in July of 2014. These strong results far exceed industry trends and demonstrate that we are gaining market share with our new chartplotter combos and game-changing technology like our Panoptix real-time sonar imaging system. In the auto segment, revenues were down 15% in the quarter with PND industry volumes declining in line with expectations. On a year-over-year basis, amortized revenue declined, creating a headwind that was not correlated to the underlying business. We believe that our market share is stable in the U.S. and has increased in Europe. As we have highlighted in prior quarters, we continue to focus on growth opportunities in OEM, trucks, RVs, dash cameras and other specialty automotive products to partially offset lower consumer PND volumes. In the quarter, we expanded our truck portfolio with the introduction of the Dezl cam, which is a premium all-in one trucking navigator with an integrated dash camera. The Dezl cam also offers important truck routing and warning features that provide significant utility and value to the trucking community. Having passed the halfway point for 2015 we are updating our full-year guidance. We continue to anticipate revenues of approximately $2.9 billion, which is unchanged from previous guidance despite the approximately $160 million of negative currency impact due to the stronger U.S. dollar. Our growth outlook has been adjusted in marine and aviation where we now expect 15% and 5% growth respectively. Prior estimates were 10% for both segments. We expect gross margin to be in the range of 54% to 55%, down slightly from previous guidance, due to unfavorable currency movements and in anticipation of competitive pricing dynamics in the back half of the year. We expect operating margin to be in the range of 20% to 21%, which includes the additional R&D and advertising investments as outlined earlier. Finally we anticipate pro forma EPS of approximately $2.65, which also reflects a higher anticipated tax rate for the full year. While it's disappointing to provide downward revision to our guidance, we believe that the underlying business trends remain positive and our investments in R&D and advertising are expected to result in new revenue opportunities and long-term growth. So that concludes my remarks for the morning. Doug will walk us through additional details on the financial results. Doug?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Thanks Cliff. Good morning everyone. I'd like to briefly review our financial rules and then move to summary comments on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We posted revenue of $774 million for the quarter, with GAAP and pro forma net income of $138 million. Our GAAP and pro forma EPS was $0.72 per share. During the quarter we faced significant exposure to foreign currency fluctuations which resulted in a revenue headwind of $59 million, or 7.6% of revenue. In addition, deferred revenue amortization, a year-over-year headwind, negatively impacted revenue by $12 million. Gross margin declined to 54%, a 300-basis-point decrease from prior year. Operating margin was 22%, a 660-basis-point decrease from the prior year. Finally, effective tax rate increased to 20.6% at current quarter compared to 12.8% in the prior year. This created further earnings pressure of $0.07. We'll discuss gross margin, operating expenses, effective tax rate in more detail later. Next, we will look at how our second quarter revenue breaks down by segment. The auto segment represented 39% of our total second quarter 2015 revenue, compared to 45% in the second quarter of 2014. We continue to diversify our revenue base with marine increasing to 13% and fitness increasing to 21% of our total second quarter 2015 revenue. I'd like to discuss gross margin next which decreased to 54%, driven largely by the currency headwind which reduced revenues by $59 million on a constant currency basis. Looking at year-over-year material changes by segment. Auto was negatively impacted by the FX-reduced revenues and reduced contribution from amortization of high margin deferred revenue and costs. Fitness gross margin declined due to the FX-reduced revenues, competitive pricing dynamics and product mix shifting toward the activity tracker category in the current quarter. Outdoor gross margin was flat year-over-year as the impact of FX-reduced revenues was offset by the prior-year inventory reserve accrual. Marine gross margin was down slightly as the currency impact on revenue was largely offset by a positive product mix due to the successful introduction of our 2015 line-up of products. Total corporate operating margin was 22%, as operating expense growth outpaced revenue growth. Looking next at operating expenses, second quarter operating expenses increased by $27 million or 12%. This is a 360-basis-point increase as a percent of sales. Research and development increased $11 million year-over-year, or 150 basis points, to 14.1% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation with increasing resources focused primarily on aviation, fitness, and outdoor. Our advertising expense increased $11 million for the prior year quarter and represented 5.9% of sales, 140 basis point increase. Additional spending was focused on fitness, marine, investments in media, point-of-sale presence with key retailers, and co-op advertising. SG&A was up $5 million compared to the prior quarter, increasing 70 basis points as a percent of sales to 12.6%. Increased spending was driven primarily by legal costs, IT expenses, and product support costs as our customer base continues to grow rapidly. Just a few quick highlights from the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over $2.4 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially to $502 million following the seasonally stronger second quarter. Our inventory balance decreased to $458 million as we exited the seasonally strong second quarter, but remains higher than 2014 to support new product categories. During the second quarter of 2015, we generated free cash flow of $64 million after adjusting for the $183 million tax payment associated with our inner company restructuring which was initiated in 2014. Also during the quarter, we paid dividends of $92 million and repurchased $41 million of company stock with $243 million remaining for purchase through December 2016. Finally, as I mentioned previously, our effective tax rate increased to 20.6% in the current quarter compared to 12.8% in the second quarter of 2014. The increased tax rate was primarily a result of forecasted income mix by tax jurisdiction which is negatively impacted by the overall reduction in forecasted taxable income and the resulting catch-up expense for the first quarter. In addition, the current year release of tax reserves associated with the expiration of the statute of limitations was $1.6 million, compared to $5.2 million in the prior year. Our full-year effective tax rate is now expected to be 18 to 19% due to the change in income mix by tax jurisdiction. Consistent with last year, the full-year effective tax rate forecast assumed the passage of the R&D Tax Credit. This concludes our formal remarks. Amanda, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: Our first question comes from Brad Erickson of Pacific Crest. Your line is open.
Brad D. Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. First, I just wanted to touch on the fitness in the quarter. Can you kind of talk about how much of it was related to sort of delays in new product launches as opposed to the drivers you called out around competition and currency, if those were – just curious to know if those were also meaningful? And then, secondarily, just given that – it seems like there is some channel fill coming, talk about sort of the sequential margin profile we should expect here in fitness heading into Q3?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. So in terms of any other factors impacting fitness, there really wasn't any material impact due to product delays in the quarter. In terms of what we can expect going forward, we would expect the Q3 margin to come up some and then Q4 would be lower sequentially in order to accommodate the year-end promotions and sales.
Brad D. Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Brad.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Charlie Anderson of Dougherty & Company. Your line is open.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. If we look at fitness and the operating income there, it's roughly equivalent to where it was before you had the activity tracker business. So it gives the appearance that that business is breaking even or maybe a little bit worse. So I wonder if you could lay out for us what your long-term target operating margin is for that category and what kind of revenue levels we need to get to, to get there.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah. I think, Charlie, it's probably more complicated than just looking at the differences between what it was before trackers and what it was after. Keep in mind that we are facing a significant headwind due to the currency issues. So that's a major factor as well. The tracker product line, while it's lower ASP, it's still what we feel is attractive profit. So I don't think it's as easy as just looking at before and after.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Got it. And then, in the automobile segment, I noticed the margin was not as high as it typically is in Q2 in terms of the flow-through from Q1. Was that mostly in FX this year or was there anything changing on pricing in the PND market?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think pricing is generally stable year-over-year. We mentioned that the deferred revenue impact, we're recognizing lower levels of deferred revenue this year versus what we were last year. So that definitely has an impact.
Charlie Lowell Anderson - Dougherty & Co. LLC: Thanks so much.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Simona Jankowski of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hi. Thanks so much. I just wanted to dig into the expected reacceleration of the fitness business in the second half. Obviously, if you're maintaining the full-year expectation of 25% growth there, it implies that Q4 is going to be up well above normal seasonality. I just wanted to understand how much of that expectation rests on upcoming new products you've got in the pipeline versus any other expectations relative to competition or pricing or channel fill or anything else you might highlight.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think, there is a slightly different dynamic, Simona, in the fitness market, with the tracker market being more driven in the consumer space whereas some of our traditional business was – had a different dynamic around specialty. But that said, you know, we do expect that there will be a stronger level of seasonality in the back half due to the promotions in the fourth quarter. And we do have some additional product launches that are coming into the back half of the year, but for the most part our product line is set for the upcoming season.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And just in terms of that expectation of the stronger seasonality, is that based on commitments you're getting already from the retailers in the channel more broadly or is that just your expectation based on your history of how the market responds to increased advertising?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think it's based on – some on the commitments and also some on our experience in the PND market which was more consumer-driven and driven in the back half of the year with promotions.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And then just a longer term question on the fitness category, so obviously the market has been very dynamic and we've seen a lot of movement in terms of the competitive landscape as well. And one of the trends that we're observing is that there does seem to be a significant shift towards the value of online communities or kind of a social network around fitness as well as mobile apps. Those aren't necessarily some of the areas that I think Garmin have historically been very, very focused on. But just curious on how much investment you're increasing in those areas or do you even view them as something that is important to focus more on going forward?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, we've been focused on that area for a long time and we haven't talked a lot about our online community, but Garmin Connect is very strong and we have millions of users associated with that. We are increasing our investment on top of what we have already done and we're continuing to roll out updates and new features in Garmin Connect and Garmin Connect Mobile.
Simona K. Jankowski - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: All right. Thanks, Simona.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thank you. At a high level, the investor worries that in some technology markets we've often seen situations where the winner takes all and it's evident in your fitness segment where your nearest competitor is growing at 180%; you grew 5%. So what are some of the thoughts to kind of leapfrog the competitor to kind of keep them at bay? And it doesn't seem to be a product or technology issue, rather a brand issue, so maybe some of the things you're doing to turn that around so that you could resonate more with consumers?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, thanks Mark. I think in terms of where we stand in the market today, we've a fairly new entry to the market in the past year and we quickly have taken the number two position on a global basis, some countries stronger than others. So we feel so far we've made good progress. In terms of where we stand with our product line, I think one of the key areas where we're focusing is increasing the number of sensors that are in our products, that's an area we feel like we still have some work to do. But I think once we get there, our product line should be well-positioned to compete. In terms of whether or not we have a brand issue, I think that's why we are choosing to invest in more advertising. We are new to the category, so we're letting people know that we have great solutions in the category and we do see movement based on what we've been doing so far.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: One road traffic corollary (22:31) related to your action cameras, we – Garmin has been at this for a while. Your market share has not really moved. When do you decide we've tried, so – but we've made little efforts, so it's time to pull the plug? Or is this something where you – it's very important to Garmin considering you have a lot of different things going on at the moment, so maybe the value of focus?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think that Garmin's strength has been diversity in our product lines and in our market segments that we've served over the years and we're able to leverage our technology and our competence across multiple segments and multiple product categories. So we view the action camera segment as a similar approach to what we've used in the past in growing our business. In terms of what we're doing in action cameras, I think the release of our new product has been well received, better received in terms of the update to the existing VIRB. And we're taking a long view on the market. We believe we speak to a certain customer base out there and so our products are focusing on addressing that customer base.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you, and all the best.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mark.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the call. First question, when you look at the increased advertising initiatives, could you tell us a little bit about what you're doing and how you're approaching it versus how you've spent that money in the past and any specifics you could provide on how many points of sale you have today, in-store kiosks, anything along those lines would be great. And then I have a follow-up.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. So in terms of what we're doing today, we've shifted, like many companies, towards – more of our dollars towards online and digital, so we have quite a bit of activity going on in the online space. We've also used some out-of-home things in airports and transportation centers where people are gathering and a larger portion of TV than what we've done in the past as well, so those are kind of the states if you will of what we're doing in the program.
Ben J. Bollin - Cleveland Research Co. LLC: Okay. The second question, when you look at the existing portfolio today, do you have any thoughts on what is needed to grow revenue and profitability into the future and what I mean by that, can you do it with the existing line-up where you keep refreshing existing skews or does it require that you continue to expand into new product areas and completely new items? Thank you.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, if you look at what we've done over the years, Ben, we've never completely relied on what we do today as our growth strategy for the future. While we serve a broad range of market segments, each one has its own dynamic. The reality in today's world is that any customer is looking for new innovation for more compelling features and utility and so we always have a plan to refresh and improve our product lines over time and we're constantly looking for new categories that we can expand into in order to grow our revenue. If you look at where we are today in terms of our revenue, yes, it's basically flat or a little bit down year-over-year but a big portion of that is the currency headwinds and definitely had we not invested in the past in order to get where we are today the situation would be much worse. So we believe in innovation to drive our growth in the future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy David of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Broker): Hi, good morning guys. Just want to go back to the gross margin in fitness, the decline about 10 points year-over-year. Could you give us kind of the breakdown of the impact of FX versus a mix shift within the fitness portfolio versus your promotional pricing? And then on the pricing pressure in fitness that you've mentioned, is it coming just from fitness trackers or are you seeing it in products where maybe you're trying to – like GPS fitness watches where there are more offerings and more OEMs offering different products there?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Doug?
Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer: Hi Jeremy, this is Doug. Regarding the fitness gross margin change year-over-year, about 400 basis points of that change related to product mix and competitive pricing dynamics. So with that, we have a larger percentage of our fitness business in activity trackers year-over-year as well as we have some competitive pricing dynamics going on in that area. And the rest of it is primarily FX related in the fitness.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Broker): Okay. On the pricing dynamics, I mean I think as early as Q4 last year, you said you would be more aggressive in the fitness tracker category and anywhere this past (27:35) holiday season. And the (27:39) pricing continued to be pretty low in Q1 and Q2, so I haven't really seen a big change from Q1 to Q2. What – your gross margin at the company level for the fitness segment did change quite a bit quarter to quarter, what really changed because I didn't pick it up based on kind of the retail checks I was doing.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think part of your earlier question was whether or not we're seeing pressure across the entire line and maybe that relates to your current question as well, but there is more competitive pressure across the entire line-up and products particularly in running, and so we've seen some impact from those areas as well. Does that answer your question?
Jeremy David - Citigroup Global Markets Inc. (Broker): Yes, it does. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Spingarn of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Good morning.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Maybe we could change lanes a bit here. I have a couple questions on aviation and then on marine.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So Cliff, if we could drill down into aviation a bit, the 5% net growth, I think you called out that's an after-market-driven number, could we parse out the after-market growth versus the original equipment?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, we don't break it out by category, Robert. So, we don't have those figures that we can share with you.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Well, just maybe qualitatively or directionally, obviously the OE side is weak. Can you – do you have any line of sight to the bottom on either fixed wing or helicopter?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, I think the aviation, and particularly in the OEM space, is kind of a long game if you will. And we don't really see shock effects going on in the market like what took the market down so low back in 2008 and 2009. But we feel like this is probably a seasonal soft patch and would expect as there is new aircraft deliveries, and as the market continues to recover from the effects of the financial crisis, that the market will improve.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yeah, but Cliff, any timing on this? I mean, it's like a falling knife here on helicopters and with the oil and gas, the commercial helicopter side, and then general aviation is not a pretty picture here, bizjet, light aircraft. Any more color you can add there, are you seeing is some pickup or any conversations with the OEMs that are encouraging?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I think others in the industry probably have better clarity than we do, because they forecast engines and airframes and all those kind of things. But your comments on oil is definitely true. That's impacted helicopters directly and there's probably some indirect effect on aircraft as well. But again, aviation has kind of a long cycle and so I would not expect it would pop back in a matter of a quarter or quarters, but it might be a year or two to kind of see the market change again.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then just switching over to marine, a very successful product introduction here, strong comps in the quarter. How do you expect that to change or adjust if at all, just given the fact that couple of your peers there are also introducing new products with some similar feature sets yet – that they hadn't quite shipped yet in the quarter? I'm thinking of Furuno and Raymarine, just some of their latest products. Does that change the dynamic going forward here, or can you sustain this kind of growth?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't see those two particular examples as being a change driver for us. I think what's more likely to impact us in the future is that we're comping against Fusion in Q3, and so the stronger revenue comps that we had in Q1 and Q2 will go away in Q3. And then keep in mind that Q3 is seasonally weak, weaker than Q2. And so consequently, the level of boating activity and the level of sales will go down.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): How about just relative share, even taking Fusion out and just thinking organically?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, in terms of market share, the marine market is highly fragmented. There is quite a few players with a lower amount of overall market share position. In terms of brand share we're the number one brand in the market, although another competitor which has a lot of house brands is really the number one player in the overall market. But the market size is limited, probably around $1 billion plus and so we all kind of split that pie up.
Robert M. Spingarn - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Fair enough. Thanks, Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: All right, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi, thanks. Just wanted to ask a couple of follow-up questions, just digging in on a couple topics already addressed. First, can you – on the fitness side, you've talked a lot about currency and competitive impacts there. Can you help differentiate a little bit or give a little color on how those elements were impacting kind of the newer fitness tracker products versus more of the legacy watch products et cetera, because in a lot of ways those can sometimes seem like different markets? And then second question is following up on an earlier question, how long would you expect that you would continue to drive the investment, both from an advertising and an R&D perspective, before we should start to think about or you would start to think about curtailing that in the fitness segment because it does require a lot of investment, and there is a well-established leader in different parts of that? And then kind of my last question was just I guess related to that, when could we or should we expect to see improved product, not just branding, cross-product branding awareness but also cross-product integration and functionality that could help improve the ecosystem perception? Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so in terms of product mix and the number of products or the dynamic of newer products versus existing products, this is typical of almost every kind of product company where as new products are introduced they come in at higher prices with new features and new utility and the older products are discounted. And we're definitely seeing that in our product line, not only in trackers, this is across almost every kind of product that Garmin does and so that's just the normal cadence of how the product lifecycle works. You asked about how long we would continue to invest in R&D and particularly in a mode of increasing our investment right now. The market is growing rapidly and so consequently, the opportunity is there and so we feel like it's the right time to invest in those things. Historically, we've always scaled our investments according to the market opportunity. So we would continue to do that in this market as well. And in terms of cross-product functionality I'm not quite sure I understand exactly what your question is. Maybe you could elaborate a little bit more on that?
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah sure, sorry. Sorry, I wasn't clear about that. So mainly I was just asking is that you talked about building the Garmin Connect site but I'm thinking more along the lines of improving even more the functionality between watches or fitness bands and cameras and other products so that users can see the value to being bought into a Garmin ecosystem?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, actually that's been the strategy of our wearables since the beginning. We've tied our wearable connectivity to our marine products for example. We have connectivity with our aviation products. Our watches last year when we introduced the VIRB camera can serve as remotes for the VIRB. So we've absolutely tried to leverage our overall product ecosystem with our wearables and we will continue to do that in the future with exciting new features.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tavis McCourt of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi, Cliff and Doug. Couple questions. First, I wondered if you could talk, if not exact numbers maybe qualitatively, in terms of the outdoor business. What percentage of that should we think about as being wearables at this point versus handheld? And then on the auto segment, the operating margins are down quite a bit year-over-year although still well into the double digits. I'm just wondering as we look out the next year or two in that segment, if it were to continue to decline at what point do you put your foot in the sand and kind of say we're not willing to run this segment below a certain operating margin target? Thanks.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so in terms of category breakout in outdoor, we don't break out by product category. So we're unable to share that. In terms of auto, in terms of our operating margin trends again it's similar to what I just mentioned where we continue to evaluate each business and we participate based on profitability and opportunity. While it's true that the operating income has come down in auto, there's a lot of dynamics behind that including the deferred revenue piece, which is a headwind year-over-year as well as the currency impact, which is another factor there. But again, we've appropriately scaled our investment there to date and we would anticipate continuing to do that going forward in order to be a profitable segment for Garmin.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Great. Thanks very much.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Erickson of Pacific Crest. Your line is open.
Brad D. Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Hi. Thanks. Just had a follow-up or two here. First just back to the fitness business. Historically, you've talked about market share expectations. Seemed like you exited the year last year call it around 10% in terms of the tracker market. Can you talk about any formal expectations you have for growth here market-share-wise in the fitness market in 2016 – sorry, in 2015?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so I think your comments on the back half of last year is pretty close to our estimates, we would probably estimate we were in the 10% to 15% range in trackers. I think the fitness market though is – there is a broad range of products, so we're much stronger, very strong in the running category, and of course, new entries in the trackers but our goal is to grow that market share through 2015 in the trackers space. I won't throw out what our targets are but we do – with our advertising investment and our R&D activities, we do have an ambitious goal to grow in the tracker market.
Brad D. Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Great. And then just around the spending, I think coming into this year, people were generally pretty aware of some of the competitors out there that were looming in clearly a competitive market and Garmin wanting to really establish a brand and spend in the areas of marketing and advertising. Now, we're seeing this higher level of expense for the year in the forecast. Can you talk about kind of your confidence level in this new forecast and how fully baked that is at this point?
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yeah, so you know, we typically at the halfway point of the year reassess everything based on having half of the year behind us. And like you say, looking at the dynamics in the fitness market particularly, which are rapidly changing, we felt like now is the time to increase the investment around the advertising because of the growth in the market and the opportunity. So we factored in everything that we felt we needed to do to achieve our goals and so our new forecast reflects that, and at this point, we feel confident in that. Of course, things change over time and there's economic as well as competitive dynamics that take place but at this moment, we feel confident in our outlook.
Brad D. Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Clifton A. Pemble - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Brad.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back to Kerri Thurston for closing remarks.
Kerri R. Thurston - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, Amanda. Thanks everyone for joining us today. Doug and I will be out on the road over the next few weeks and look forward to seeing many of you in person. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston – Investor Relations Clifton Pemble – President and Chief Executive Officer Doug Boessen – Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Simona Jankowski – Goldman Sachs Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets James Faucette – Morgan Stanley Charles Anderson – Dougherty and Co Jeremy David – Citigroup Ben Bollin – Cleveland Research Tavis McCourt – Raymond James Will Power – Robert Baird Brad Erickson – Pacific Crest Securities Andrew Spinola – Wells Fargo Kristine Tan Liwag – Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd., First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only model. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I'll now introduce your host for today's conference, Kerri Thurston, Director-Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's first quarter 2015 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and the related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and the related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products, and objectives, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call, may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K, which was filed with the SEC. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are, Cliff Pemble, President and CEO; and Doug Boessen, CFO and Treasurer. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier this morning, Garmin reported solid first quarter revenue and margin performance. Consolidated revenue was flat year-over-year, and what is typically a seasonally weak quarter. Revenue from aviation, fitness, marine, and outdoor grew 9% on a combined basis. These segments contributed 63% of total revenue and 80% of the operating profit in the first quarter. Gross margins improved year-over-year to 59% while operating margin came in at 19%. Slight reduction in the operating margin from the prior year reflects continued investments in advertising and R&D. The stronger U.S. dollars created a headwind for most businesses including ours. We estimate that recent currency movements reduced our revenue by approximately $38 million and operating income was reduced by approximately $11 million. As everyone can appreciate, these are meaningful amounts that would have otherwise resulted in growth for our business. Please note that our pro forma calculations do not account for these factors, but we wanted to mention it for clarity. Strong margins combined with the lower effective tax rate resulted in $0.55 of pro forma EPS in the quarter which is flat on a year-over-year basis. We are maintaining the guidance we issued earlier in the year as our performance thus far is consistent with our expectations. Doug will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first I will walk through a few highlights for each business segment. Beginning with the fitness segment, revenue grew 31% on a year-over-year basis with strong contributions from activity trackers, multi-sport and cycling products. We delivered gross and operating margins of 63% and 26% respectively. Operating margin was lower on a year-over-year basis, reflecting an increase in R&D and advertising investments during the quarter as planned. As you are aware, the fitness market is highly competitive and thus requires additional R&D investments in order to bring innovations to market faster. In addition, we are deliberately investing in our point-of-sale presence as we roll out new products and prepare the way for our spring advertising campaign. In cycling, we announced the Vector 2 and Vector 2S, our latest pedal-based power solutions. These new vectors, simplify the installation process and deliver advanced cycling metrics that are useful for improving cycling efficiency. Fitness has been an exciting growth driver for our business in recent quarters, and we believe there are more opportunities to capture. We are well positioned with our current product breadth and depth, and we'll continue to invest for future growth and expansion. Looking at outdoor, revenues declined 10% which fell short of our expectations as the currency situation disproportionately impacted both fitness and outdoor, due to the geographic revenue profile of these segments. Additionally, we experienced some supply constraints which affected our results. Despite these headwinds, growth in operating margins remain strong in the segment at 66% and 31% respectively, allowing us to deliver operating income growth on lower revenue. Finally in outdoor, we announced the VIRB X and XE in all new family of action cameras. These cameras deliver a unique and massive experience through G-Metrix which adds insightful context to any video. In addition, our updated VIRB mobile application provides the ability to create, edit and publish videos on the go. We're excited about the capabilities of these new cameras and believe they offer unique differentiators on which we can grow in the category. Turning next to aviation, we posted revenue growth of 2% as we faced some more challenging comparable from Q1 2014, when the segment grew 19%, while growth in operating margins remain strong, operating profit declined on a year-over-year basis due to R&D growth, supporting future revenue opportunities. During the quarter, we announced enhancements to our ADS-B product offerings. Our current lineup offers the most comprehensive set of solutions across a range of price points in aircraft categories. We believe we are well positioned to capitalize on modernization mandates around the globe, which are rapidly approaching. We continue to support numerous OEM partners in the development and certification of multiple aircraft and helicopter platforms, which will result in future growth opportunities, when these platforms reach the market. Looking next, the marine revenue grew 7% in the quarter driven by the recent acquisition of Fusion. Our organic business was relatively flat on a year-over-year basis as we started delivering our new products in the latter part of quarter. Profitability improved in the first quarter, which resulted in operating income growth of 20% for the segment. While industry activity remains below historical levels, we've recognized the innovation is essential to deliver long-term improvements in market share and profitability. We will continue to invest in the category to deliver compelling innovation to recreational marine market. In our auto segment revenues were down 11% in the quarter with PND industry volumes declining in line with expectations. On a year-over-year basis, amortized revenue declined creating a headwind is not correlated to the underlying business. As we have mentioned before, the segment delivered solid profitability as we continue to experience gains in global market share on the strength of our product portfolio. As indicated in our February guidance, we expect the market to decline 10% to 15% on a global basis during the year. We will focus on growth opportunities in OEM, trucks, RVs, dash cameras and other specialty automotive products to partially offset lower consumer PND volumes. Finally, I want to highlight the recent introduction of Nüvicam, which is the first PND to offer advanced alerts such as Forward Collision and Lane Departure Warnings. Nüvicam also includes an integrated dash camera that saves video images whenever a crash or user initiated event occurs. We are excited to deliver these advanced features to the PND market and we anticipate offering similar products to OEM customers in the future. So that concludes my remarks for the morning. Doug will now walk us through our Q1 financials in more detail. Doug.
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I would like to briefly review our financial results then move to summary comments on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We posted revenue of $585 million for the quarter with pro forma net income of $106 million. Pro forma EPS was $0.55 per share excluding the FX loss. During the quarter, we faced significant exposure of foreign currency fluctuations which resulted in a revenue headwind of $38 million or 6.5% of revenue. Taking into consideration the offsetting benefits, FX negatively impacted EPS for the quarter approximately $0.05 or 9% of pro forma EPS. In addition, amortization of deferred revenue is now a year-over-year headwind, negatively impacted revenue by $14 million. Pro forma EPS was approximately $0.05. Excluding these headwinds, revenue growth would have been 9%. Pro forma EPS growth of 18%. Gross margin was strong at 59%. A 210 basis point increase from prior year, driven by favorable segment and product mix. Operating margin was 19%, a 150 basis point decrease from the prior year. We will look at operating expenses by category on a later slide. Effective tax rate decreased to 12.3% in the current quarter compared to 16.6% in the prior year due to an improved income mix outlook for 2015 as compared to our outlook at the end of Q1 2014. We still anticipate a full year tax rate of 16% to 17%, so first quarter tax rate was positively impacted at least a $5 million of tax reserves to a percentage of lower pre-tax income. In the quarter, we shipped over 3 million units, a 22% increase. Reduced average selling price in the quarter due to product mix, FX, reduced contribution from deferred revenue. Did not see any significant price reductions on like-for-like products. Next, we look at how our first quarter revenue breaks down by segment. The auto segment represented 37% our total Q1 2015 revenue, compared to 42% in Q1 2014. We continue to diversify our revenue base with growth in Fitness, Marine and Aviation. I'd like to now briefly discuss gross margin which increased to 59% as segment and product mix was favorable during the quarter. Looking at year-over-year changes by segment, Outdoor, Marine posted a significant improvement with reduced discounting and favorable product mix. Fitness gross margin declined slightly to 63%, remained strong with a full portfolio of products continued to perform well. Total corporate operating margin was 19% as operating expense growth outpaced revenue growth. Excluding the headwinds from FX, amortization of deferred revenue, operating margin would have been flat. Next, we look at our operating expenses. First quarter operating expenses increased by $22 million or 10%, this is a 360 basis point increase as a percent of sales. Research and development increased $10 million year-over-year, and 160 basis points to 18.1% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and grow our engineering workforce, increasing resources, focused primarily on aviation, fitness, and outdoor. Our advertising expense increased $3 million for the prior year quarter, represented 4.7% of sales, 50 basis point increase. Additional spending was focused on fitness, investments in point-of-sale presence with key retailer to produce long-term revenue results, in preparations for the launch, spring wearables advertising campaign. SG&A was up $9 million, compared to the prior year quarter, increasing a 150 basis points as a percent of sales to 16.9%. Increased spending driven primarily by legal costs, IT expenses, and product support costs that customer base continues to grow rapidly. Just a few quick highlights on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of $2.7 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $426 million, following the holiday quarter. Our inventory balance increased to $470 million as we have build inventory level to support the launch of new product categories, in preparation for a seasonally stronger second quarter. We continue to generate strong free cash flow across our business with $64 million generated during the first quarter 2015. During the quarter, we paid dividends of $92 million, repurchased $16 million of company's stock. The $284 million remaining for purchase in December 2016. This concludes our formal remarks. Ashley, can you open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Simona Jankowski of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Simona Jankowski: Yes, hi. Thank you very much. I wanted to ask you first on any thoughts you might have on plans for sourcing your maps in the event that the HERE business from Nokia is sold to a vertically integrated vendor?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, Simona. I think we've always operated with HERE under long-term contracts. And so while the process that Nokia has been going through has been rather public, we don't have any concern right now in terms of what our massive supply situation will be.
Simona Jankowski: And because the contracts would go with the company.
Cliff Pemble: Yes.
Simona Jankowski: Okay. And then on the fitness business, you commented about an FX impact even with that it seems like it came a little weaker than I think we had expected. Can you just comment on the competitive environment there, and then specifically to some of the consumer feedback you had on thinking issues with the mobile app, what actions do you think you can take to address that in a timeline?
Cliff Pemble: Well, the market is definitely getting more competitive, as some of the major players are -- have or are introducing now their new products for the year. So we recognized that definitely the competition is getting more intense. In terms of our product feedback, of course we are very sensitive to that, and they've been working hard to improve our mobile app and product software in order to be able to be the most robust as possible. I think though that this is part of the reality of the mobile phones and Bluetooth connections, which are somewhat unreliable and software has to try to be as robust as possible, but there is still side effects.
Simona Jankowski: Is – do you have any visibility on the timeline to when you might be able to address those concerns?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we've already introduced updates to Garmin Connect mobile. And I believe this is working much better, and we also have a roadmap to release the update throughout the year as well.
Simona Jankowski: And then just last quick question from me on the legal expense which I think was the biggest reason for the increase in SG&A of 10%. What was that related to?
Cliff Pemble: This relates to some lawsuits that we have previously described in the 10-K, but some of those hopefully will come to a trial in the next few quarters.
Simona Jankowski: Okay. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, as a request, we are asking you to ask two questions per person. Our next question comes from Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Mark Sue: Thank you, and good morning. I'd like to focus on Garmin's ability to grow operating income considering that EPS will mostly flat year-on-year this year. Particularly as we look at the two segments of outdoor and fitness where our competition is increasing, and you do have more entrants. Are we at a point where Garmin needs to spend more in advertising and hence spend more in point-of-sales to drive the incremental unit growth. How should we think about the balance between operating margin improvements, and your ability to grow earnings?
Doug Boessen: Yeah. Mark, it's absolutely true that that particularly fitness and somewhat in outdoors is more competitive. There is a need to invest more in advertising that's something that you've been seeing us doing over the past few quarters. We increased our investment in Q1 mostly around point-of-sale material, preparing the way for our new products and also spring advertising campaign that's coming up.
Mark Sue: Any thoughts on when that might actually start winding down or is this more of a full throttle push to drive that to the balance of the year?
Doug Boessen: So, right now, the market is growing rapidly and we are in a mode of gaining market share and so we are focused on that at the moment and taking advantage of the growth opportunity that's there.
Mark Sue: Okay, that's helpful. And Doug, maybe on FX, the volatility is quite high, any inclination to look at forward or options or even colors at this point because of the big currency moves, I know the cost of hedging is quite high at the moment, but maybe your thought, long-term on hedging?
Doug Boessen: Yeah. So with that we currently do not have intentions to hedge. We have not hedged historically. The foreign currencies will move up and down. So at this point in time, we don't have current plans to hedge.
Mark Sue: Okay. Thank you.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from James Faucette of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
James Faucette: Thank you very much. I wanted to ask a couple of questions, first from a high level perspective. I recognized that the first quarter is a seasonally weak quarter, but I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit more broadly about where you're seeing strengths versus potential headwinds as we go through the rest of this year, and as you reiterate guidance kind of the things that you're feeling confident about versus what [indiscernible] ? And then I also wanted to touch on the – specifically the aviation business, I know that you are up against a tough compare versus last year, but how should we think about the growth prospects and particularly as new platforms continue to grow for the rest of this year and into 2016? Thank you.
Doug Boessen: Hi, James. I think right now in terms of strength and weaknesses, each of our segments is performing pretty much in line with where we would expect at this moment, still very early in the year, only one quarter behind us. So right now we are not changing any of our outlook in terms of the growth across each of our segments. And in terms of aviation, it definitely was weaker this first quarter, but we are up against a 19% growth in Q1 of 2014 when several new platforms hit the market at once. I would expect that the growth should increase as the year goes forward as new platforms hit the market particularly the Cessna Latitude as well as Cirrus SF50 and the HondaJet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Charlie Anderson of Dougherty and Co. Your line is open.
Charles Anderson: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. I know it's only been a few weeks, but I wonder if you got any feedback yet from the retailers in terms of sell through of your fitness products since the Apple watches debut both on a pre-ordered basis and then now on chain.
Doug Boessen: Well, I would say just in terms of availability of the Apple watches only been a few days and in limited quantities, but that at this moment we don't hear of any or expect any significant change, our products are positioned differently than the Apple watch, and we appeal to a strong active lifestyles.
Charles Anderson: Second question from me, a number of your competitors in fact just have embraced the optical kind of on risk heart rate monitor you guys have always favored Chest Warn, I wonder as you think about product roadmap, you evolve to that feature and how much more expensive would it be to add it to the device versus this $50 premium that you are adding now for the Chest Warn.
Doug Boessen: Well risk heart rate is definitely a functionality that customers are embracing, and it's a differentiator for our competitors, we anticipate we'll close this gap in our product line in the near future.
Charles Anderson: Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeremy David of Citigroup. Your line is open.
Jeremy David: Hi, good morning. Thank you taking my question. Two questions on the next-gen VIRB action camera. First on timing, your press release today, it stated that shipments will start in Q2, whether if I recall correctly the product announcement refer to a similar launch. So should we think of VIRB ramping in Q2 or more in Q3. And then my second question is going back to the launch of the initial VIRB, again a half ago, I think one of the issue you had was that not many retailers where interested in carrying the product in their stores. Do you believe that distribution for the next-gen product will be broader than for the initial product and if so, why would that be the case? Thank you.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. I think Jeremy, in terms of the timing of the product, probably it will be ramping in the back half of Q2. So that's that the timing that we're working with right now. In terms of retailer interest in this product, we do see much more interest in this product in our first VIRB, I think that the form factors appeals to people, the ability to use the product without a protective case is the differentiator and people are excited about the new enhancements we've made to our PC software and our mobile applications to be able to edit and publish videos easily. So we're getting good feedback and – and we would anticipate that we will be able to have better distribution based on the strength of the product features.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bollin of Cleveland Research. Your line is open.
Ben Bollin: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the call.
Cliff Pemble: Good morning.
Ben Bollin: My first question, when you look at the outdoor and the fitness business, you talk to the increased R&D, in advertising emphasis you're placing, how sustainable are you anticipating that investment to be, is that a 2015 event, is this a more perpetual event? And do you have any thoughts on the associated margin profiles of these businesses in a more normal environment, when you're – you're not pushing these expense line items as aggressively, and then I have a follow up?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. In terms of the R&D investment, and the sustainability of that, the markets right now are very competitive. And so, of course we have to innovate and bring features to market in order to be competitive and superior in our offerings. Right now, we see the growth opportunities in terms of – as the long-term look at that, I think these markets can move up and down very quickly. So we would adjust our business in our investment based on the opportunity that's out there. In terms of the margin profile, particularly in fitness, it's definitely true that the ASP of this particular segment is coming down, because of the contribution of the activity trackers. The margin profile will also certainly come down, although we do believe that our mix of products across the range from low-end to high-end will tend to balance, and we'll still have strong margin profiles in fitness going forward.
Ben Bollin: And then, looking at the automobile business, how do you feel about the progress in traction, you're realizing on the auto OEM front? And how well do you feel your position for autonomous vehicles into the future? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Well we have demonstrated consistent progress in our auto OEM business, with some high profile customers like Daimler and Honda. And we continue to work closely with multiple targeted customers on several opportunities better out there. Of course, giving more color on those opportunities, we're unable to do that at this time because of confidentiality. But we view this as a marathon effort and not a sprint. So, we continue to be patient and invest. In terms of our positioning around autonomous vehicles, we certainly offer technologies much like we've introduced recently in our nüvicam that could serve in those kinds of vehicles. But, at this point, we don't see ourselves as a driver of vehicles themselves or as the main integrator in that technology.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tavis McCourt of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Tavis McCourt: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Two of them. First, on the inventory build, Doug, I think you mentioned, that was in preparation for -- I think you're wording with new product category launches, and I'm trying to get a sense of -- are these products that you've announced already or entire new category that maybe some of the definitional issue. But obviously, the inventory trending in Q1 a little different than the historical average, maybe a little more clarity around that? And Clif, I have a question on the new nüvi with the integrated forward collision warning and dash cam. Some of the smartphone-based solutions like that have been pretty crucial to be honest. So, are you comfortable that you're able to provide a good quality of service, especially on the forward collision warning and lean departure without professional installation. I think that's where the smartphone based systems run, so it's a bit of an issue? Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Okay. I'll take the inventory question. As it relates to the inventory, that relates to already announced products. So, basically, we have a lot of the fitness products as well as some of the work we talked about in there that we're building up to make sure that we meet demand and the retailers.
Doug Boessen: And Tavis, with regard to the nüvicam and the Collision Warning and Lane Warning type of features, in terms of what I've seen and I've used the product quite a bit, I feel pretty good about the capability and the performance of the product. We've tested the product versus integrated solutions and vehicles that are offered on the market today, and we feel like it compares very favorably. So, we feel good about our technology. We've invested in optics technology for a while now and it's starting to show up now across our product lines including products like nüvicam.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Will Power of Robert Baird. Your line is open.
Will Power: Great. Thanks. Couple of questions, maybe just come back to the fitness operating margin outlook. I think you referenced spring marketing campaign, and obviously you get more competition in the marketplace, should we expect just because of operating margins to further sequentially in Q2 due to the competitive dynamics or lot of that marketing would have spent and reflected in Q1 margin level?
Cliff Pemble: I think in terms of sequential moment, we would not expect it to dip. We would expect that our revenue profile will be increasing because of [indiscernible] seasons that are coming up, but in terms of year-over-year performance, we do believe that it will be lower.
Will Power: All right, okay. In a separate question, looking at the buyback in the quarter, somewhat limited, what's the thought process or I guess, the process generally to consider accelerating the current buyback authorization or even upsizing it?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. So we principally announced $300 million authorization in February. So our current plans are to complete that $300 million within that two-year period of time December 2016. So, the method we purchased in Q1 was just from the time of authorization. So, it obviously is plus than the amount we have last year when we had a full quarter, but we can despite probably a similar pace is what we've seen in Q1, but making sure that we do complete that authorization within our two-year period of time.
Will Power: Okay. And then, just I wanted to make sure is clear on the tax rate, which came in lower in the quarter, and so only there was one time impact there. What sort of a tax rate now you use for the full year?
Cliff Pemble: Full year, similar guidance we gave 60% to 70% so it's a full year rate. And we saw there was in the first quarter since it's a low income quarter, the $5 million of tax reserve we had there at a larger percentage on that.
Will Power: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Erickson of Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
Brad Erickson: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. The few follow-ups from some have already been asked. First it's around the fitness margins and the incremental, are they, I guess the spending around R&D and advertising, you talked about, just to be clear, is that incremental relative to kind of previous expectations that were set on the fitness business?
Cliff Pemble: No this. In terms of the expectations we've sent, we are operating according to plans, we feel like our current spending is in line with plan four in our budget.
Brad Erickson: Got it. That's great. And then, just in terms of the return of capital. I think, you know historically you've kind of committed the returning basically all of free cash flow. Can you comment just on yours and your board's appetite to return to potentially more than 100% of free cash flow at some point?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think at this moment, we're comfortable with the level that's being returned. We do have unique limitations around the shareholder structure and control of foreign corporations as well as our capital structure in Switzerland. So, we feel like the current approach is adequate.
Brad Erickson: That's great. Thanks.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Andrew Spinola, of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Andrew Spinola: Thank you. You had a nice improvement year-over-year in the auto gross margin, about a 120 bps. But I think if you do account for the FX, and the deferred revenue impact I estimate maybe over 400 bps improvement. And you referenced in the press release that, there was less discounting and more improvement in cost material space. It seems like a very large improvement. And I'm just wondering if you can help us understand, is this something that's sustainable going forward, is it maybe more of a Q1 trend, because there is less discounting post the holiday, with less seasonality would, how much of this is sustainable and how much is just a Q1 impact going forward?
Cliff Pemble: I think there's some element of that, that's – this Q1 impact, because we're comparing the discounting that should place in Q1 of 2014 versus 2015, which is probably more a seasonal spike. But in terms of the cost structure and those other factors we would see that going forward and we're managing the business for our market share and profitability. So this is our approach.
Andrew Spinola: Okay. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ron Epstein, of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Kristine Tan Liwag: Hi. This is actually Kristine Liwag, calling in for Ron this morning.
Cliff Pemble: Good morning.
Kristine Tan Liwag: Good morning. In your press release you mentioned that you're now offering an ADS-B piece that provides most comprehensive line of solutions. Can you provide more details on how your product compares to the competition, and then also can you please quantify the size of the market that you could address?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. In terms of the breath of products that we offer. We offer products that can work with portable solutions, we have a product that can work with tablets. We have a product that's fully installed and integrates with our panel mount equipment. We have products that operate through our transponders as opposed to through separate 978 megahertz UAT transceiver. So, we just have a broad set of offerings that can appeal to almost any aircraft whether they have mode S capability or they're on the lower end in the piston side. And your second question, please?
Kristine Tan Liwag: Can you quantify the size of the market?
Cliff Pemble: Size of the market is in the hundreds of millions of dollars.
Kristine Tan Liwag: Great. And then a separate question. What metrics do you look at internally to measure the brand awareness of Garmin products and also the effectiveness of your advertising dollars?
Doug Boessen: Yeah, I think these are very challenging things to specifically measure, because each kind of approach that you use might yield a different result, but we look at search trends and web trends. We look at trends on our websites. We look at trends on major retailers, online retailers and we get a sense out of those types of investigations.
Kristine Tan Liwag: And can you provide or give us some an idea of what your tracking right now?
Doug Boessen: No, we don't have details, we can share right now.
Kristine Tan Liwag: Great. Thank you.
Doug Boessen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We have a follow up from Tavis McCourt of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Tavis McCourt: Yeah. Thanks. Doug, wanted if you could give us kind of an updated view on with respect to the deferred revenue decline to be on the balance sheet this year?
Doug Boessen: Pardon me.
Tavis McCourt: It means decline in deferred revenues or the – that the [indiscernible]...
Doug Boessen: Sure. So from – yeah, sorry about that. So, from debt perspective, we anticipate a headwind or consistent to what we have probably in the first quarter there.
Tavis McCourt: For the full-year?
Doug Boessen: Yes.
Tavis McCourt: So, all of the headwind would be recognized in the first quarter or everything.....?
Doug Boessen: No, no, no, no. Consistent type of a headwind....
Tavis McCourt: Okay.
Doug Boessen: Yeah. consistent type of headwind.
Tavis McCourt: And then, Cliff, I want to follow up on kind the automobile question, if I look at revenues and back out the deferral impacts, it looks like revenues were probably down, more like 7% and then if I assume some FX exposure. You're pretty close to flat, and I'm wondering if you look at it on that basis, is that something that's sustainable or was there some quick takes in terms of the year-over-year comps that would make that, get a bit worse with your progress. Thanks?
Clifton Pemble: Well, as I mentioned in my comment status, we were pleased with the underlying business and those are the factors didn't really tell the whole story, in terms of the strength that we saw that keep in mind that on a year-over-year basis last year, we probably had a higher level of inventory in the channel and thus ship more into the channel or less into the channel, at that time, as we discounted and tried to help our retailers clear it. This year, the channel is cleaner and we had the ability to ship pretty much what retailers wanted. So, there is some puts and takes along that regard and we do anticipate that the overall market will decline in the 10% to 15% range for this year.
Operator: Thank you. I'm not showing any further question in queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to Kerri Thurston for any further remarks.
Kerri Thurston: Thanks, Ashley. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning. And Doug, and I will be available throughout the day for follow-up calls as well as on the road over the next three weeks. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-18 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - IR Cliff Pemble - President & CEO Doug Boessen - CFO & Treasurer
Analysts: Tavis McCourt - Raymond James Robert Spingarn - Credit Suisse Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities Jeremy David - Citigroup Charlie Anderson - Dougherty & Company James Faucette - Morgan Stanley Will Power - Robert Baird
Operator: Welcome to the Garmin Limited Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you and good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's fourth quarter 2014 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and the related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call will include projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K, which will be filed with the SEC later today. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer and Doug Boessen, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Cliff.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Kerry and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported fourth quarter revenue growth of 6%. And strong gross margin performance, which contributed to another quarter of pro forma EPS growth. Outdoor, Fitness, Aviation and Marine revenues increased 23% on a combined basis, which more than offset an 11% decline in Auto-Mobile. The non-Auto-Mobile segments represented 58% of our revenue in the holiday quarter. Gross margins improved, year-over-year, to 54%, driven by the revenue mix shifting towards our higher-margin segments and due to the recognition of higher margin revenues that were previously deferred. Operating margin declined slightly to 22%, as we made significant investments in advertising. These investments were consistent with our strategy to grow our share in the Activity Tracker market, through higher consumer awareness and improved representation at retail. Looking briefly at our full-year performance, we delivered four consecutive quarters of revenue growth and strong margin performance resulting in pro forma EPS growth of 18%. On a combined basis, our growth segments contributed over $1.6 billion in revenue for the year or 57% of the total and generated 69% of our operating income. Gross and operating margins improved to 56% and 24%, respectively, allowing us to generate over $3 of pro forma EPS for the first time since 2009. This is a major accomplishment made possible by our growth initiatives and the dedication of Garmin associates around the world. For the full year, we returned over $600 million to shareholders via our quarterly dividend and share repurchase program in 2014. Next, I'll review each of our business segments, highlighting 2014 performance, our 2015 outlook and a brief summary of long-term, strategic initiatives. Starting first in the Fitness segment, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 60%. Activity Trackers led the way, but our core categories of Cycling and Running also delivered impressive results. Though competition is intense in this high growth area, our portfolio of differentiated products delivered stable gross and operating margin of 63% and 34%, respectively. For the full year, we secured approximately 15% share in the highly competitive Activity Tracker market. We believe this is a significant accomplishment, especially considering the short time we've been in the market and it's one we can build upon in 2015 and beyond. 2015, we're targeting revenue growth of approximately 25% on top of the impressive growth of 2014. At CES, we introduced the Vivofit 2 and the Vivoactive, expanding our family of products targeting the Activity Tracker market. The Vivoactive is a smart watch for the active consumer, combining smart alerts and daily activity tracking with key features for runners, cyclists and golfers. The Vivoactive is expandable through our connect IQ open API, which will be discussed shortly. This product won numerous awards at CES and was praised for its versatility, ultra-thin form factor and long battery life, which differentiates it from the rest of the market. We also introduced the Vivofit 2, which features a backlit display, audible alerts and an exciting collection of band options that will appeal to a broad range of consumers. We're encouraged by the recent performance of the Fitness segment and we look forward to another exciting year of new product introductions and growth. Looking beyond 2015, we believe that numerous opportunities exist within the fitness and wellness domain and we will continue to pursue these, as global consumers become increasingly health conscious. We will focus on delivering innovative products to the market, offering a complete experience via compelling form factors, wireless connectivity and sensors. We will deliver a best-in-class experience to our Garmin Connect community with support for a broad range of activities, social networking, couching and partnerships, with companies like Strava and MyFitnessPal. We will expand on the essential nature of our products through third-party apps, offered via connect IQ. The screen captures depicted here illustrate a few of the unique applications being designed for our active lifestyle customers. Finally, we will target additional share in the growing Activity Tracking market by delivering industry-leading utility and form factors that meet the needs of a diverse set of consumers. Looking next to Outdoor, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 4%. Wearables, dog tracking and training and action cameras contributed to this growth. The Outdoor segment continued to generate strong gross and operating margins in 2014 at 62% and 35%, respectively. This represented a slight decline in margins compared to 2013, due to product mix and advertising investment. However, we expect the margin profile for Outdoor to stabilize in 2015. Exiting 2014, we recognized that the segment was not as strong as we had hoped, as we faced headwinds due to unfavorable dynamics in the golf industry, the mature nature of the handheld market and our niche status in the action camera market. Looking at 2015, we expect growth in wearables, dog tracking and training and action cameras to be offset by declines in our traditional handheld business and ongoing negative trends industrywide in golf. Despite these trends, we're excited about recent product introductions the with fenix 3 and the epix, which were also well received at CES and we expect to introduce more new products as the year progresses. Beyond 2015, we will focus on new opportunities in adjacent markets and product categories to further expand our addressable market as we have successfully done in the past. We will make additional investments in the growth areas of wearables and action cameras to broaden our product line and drive market share gains. We will support these initiatives with appropriate advertising and sponsorships, like the recently announced partnership with Red Bull, featuring the VIRB Elite as the official action camera of the Red Bull Air Race World Championships. In addition, we will utilize connect IQ to enhance utility and differentiate our unique product portfolio. Turning next to Aviation, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 14%, driven by strength in both OEM and aftermarket product categories. Operating income increased 22% for the year, ahead of revenue growth, as both gross and operating margins improved. In 2014, we launched Garmin Avionics on additional Part 25 aircraft and this trend will continue in 2015. For the 11th consecutive year, Garmin has ranked number one in Avionics product support by Professional Pilot magazine. And as many of you know, this world-class support is a key ingredient for success in the aviation market and particularly so in the demanding Part 25 aircraft category. I congratulate our team on earning this award once again, which is a testament to the amazing way in which we care for our customers. In 2015, are targeting revenue growth of approximately 10% in the Aviation segment, with growth in both OEM and aftermarket product categories. We will continue to support numerous partners in the completion of aircraft and helicopter certifications. In early January, Garmin and Gulfstream announced that Garmin will be providing the certified ADS-B solution for the G115, G150 model aircraft. We're pleased to add Gulfstream to our growing list of OEM partners. Longer term, our Aviation growth initiatives are focused on continued development of our G3000, G5000and G5000H platforms with OEM partners, which is the foundation for long-term, market share expansion; identifying aftermarket opportunities, as well as commercial off-the-shelf opportunities within the military and government sectors that leverage our core capabilities; developing unique technologies that address gaps in our product portfolio; and, finally, capitalizing on opportunities created by the FAA's transformation of the National Airspace System and other global initiatives and mandates. Moving next to Marine, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 11%, including our second-half acquisition of Fusion. Gross margin was steady at 52%, while operating margins improved to 11%. The pricing environment in Marine electronics remains highly competitive, which has pressured segment profitability. Despite this challenge, we posted improved operating margins and our operating profit grew 42% over the previous year. For 2015, we're targeting revenue growth of approximately 10% in the Marine segment, driven by recent product introductions and the full-year contribution of Fusion. We will remain focused on gaining market share, while managing costs and driving efficiencies to improve long-term profitability. In the long term, our objectives include increasing our market share in recreational boating, with specific emphasis on opportunities in the fishing and sailing markets. We will capitalize on acquisitions made in recent years to further diversify our product portfolio. In addition, we plan to grow our OEM market share by leveraging our full range of products including chart plotters, radar, sonar, autopilots and entertainment systems. As previously mentioned, we will execute with discipline to improve our profitability of our Marine business over the long term. And looking, finally, at the Auto-Mobile segment, revenues declined 5% for the full year, as lower PND revenues were partially offset [inaudible], growth in OEM and contributions from deferred revenue. According to our estimates, we held approximately 45% market share in 2014 on a global basis and achieved 86% share in the fourth quarter in the U.S. market, representing yet another quarter of market share gain. Though industry headwinds were challenging, segment margins improved, due to the contribution of deferred revenue and we generated over $215 million of operating income for the year. We secured additional OEM relationships in 2014, including the announcement with Honda on the Civic and CRV in specific geographies. Looking at 2015, we expect the PND market to continue along its current trajectory and we also expect to recognize less, deferred revenue versus the prior year. These factors lead to a forecasted revenue decline of approximately 15%. We will focus on market share, leadership and maximizing profitability in PNDs, as we have successfully done for many years. We believe we will continue to gain momentum in the expanding infotainment market, as customers embrace increasing levels of in-dash technology and OEMs search for partners that can deliver unique value to the market. Beyond 2015, we will focus on expanding our auto OEM business through; additional program wins; delivering innovative in-vehicle technology in both aftermarket and OEM applications; managing the profitability of the segment as the PND market continues to decline; and capitalizing on niche opportunities in areas such as motorcycle, over-the-road trucking and RV. As you can see, we're excited about the opportunities ahead of us in 2015. However, in addition to the market headwinds I've highlighted, we also face significant revenue headwinds in the near term, due to the rapid strengthening of the U.S. dollar. With this in mind, we're projecting revenues of approximately $2.9 billion, with stable gross margins at 56%. We're projecting operating income of approximately $675 million, with operating margins of approximately 23%, as we continue to grow our R&D investment and manage other expenses in-line with revenues. Factoring in an anticipated, effective tax rate of 16% to 17%, 2015 pro forma earnings per share is expected to be approximately $3.10, or flat, compared to 2014. Note that the FX situation negatively impacted our revenue and EPS guidance by about 300 basis points. Given the strength of our 2014 results, we will propose an increased dividend at our upcoming annual meeting and we will participate in share repurchases as market conditions warrant. We believe these actions will result in stronger returns for our shareholders over the long term. So that concludes my remarks, Doug will now walk through our Q4 and full-year financials in more detail. Doug?
Doug Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I would like to begin by reviewing our fourth quarter and full-year financial results, then move to comments on the balance sheet, cash flow statements, taxes and 2015 guidance. We posted revenue of $803 million for the fourth quarter, representing a 6% increase year-over-year, even with headwinds created by the weakening of the euro. Gross margin was strong at 54%, the 170 basis point increase from prior year driven by segment mix and favorable impact from deferred revenue. Operating income grew by 2% to $176 million. Operating margin was 22%, a decrease of 80 basis points from the prior year. This result of gross margin favorability, with 170 basis points, helps more than offset by operating expense growth of 15% or $33 million, due to increased spending in both advertising and research and development. With a pro forma effective tax rate of 19%, adjustments for the foreign currency gain, the tax benefit from the release of material reserves, pro forma EPS was $0.77. This represents a 1% increase, year-over-year. We shipped 5.1 million units during the quarter, up 14% from 4.5 million last year. Total Company average selling price was $157 per unit, down 7% from $169 in the prior-year quarter, primarily due to fitness product mix. Looking at full-year results, we posted revenue of $2.87 billion for the year, representing a 9% increase, year-over-year. Gross margin was strong at 56%, a 240 basis point increase from prior year, driven by segment mix and a favorable impact from deferred revenue. Operating income increased 20% to $691 million compared to $574 million in 2013. Operating margin was 24%, an increase of 230 basis points from the prior year. This is a result of gross margin favorability of 240 basis points that was slightly offset by operating expense growth of 10% or $81 million, due to increased spending in both advertising and research and development. For 2014 pro forma, effective tax rate was approximately 17%, which was in-line with 2013. After adjusting for the foreign currency loss, the tax impact of the inter-Company restructuring and a tax benefit from the release of material reserves, our pro forma EPS was $3.10. This represents an 18% increase, year-over-year. Units shipped were up 9% from 15.2 million units delivered during the year. Next, we'll review how our fourth quarter revenue breaks down by segment. We experienced growth in three of our five segments, led by Fitness with a 70% growth. Looking at the charts on this page, the Auto-Mobile segment represented 42% of our total revenue during the fourth quarter of 2014, down from 49% in the prior year. Fitness grew to 25% of revenue in the current period, compared to 16% in the prior year. These charts illustrate our profitability mix by segment. Our non-Auto segments delivered 68% of operating income in the quarter, flat to the prior-year quarter. Drilling down on year-over-year gross margin, total Company, gross margin improved to 54%, due to positive segment mix and improved margins in Auto-Mobile. Aviation and Marine posted the only sizable gross-margin declines. Both were negatively impacted by product mix, as Cliff discussed, bringing us further pressure due to competitive pricing dynamics. Total operating margin was 22%, down slightly from the prior quarter, due to increased advertising spend offsetting the strong gross-margin performance. Looking briefly at full-year metrics, revenue contribution for 2014 shifted away from the Auto-Mobile segment, which represented 43% of our total revenue during 2014, down from 49% in the prior year. Fitness grew to 20% of revenue for the full year, compared to 14% in the prior year. We generated 69% of operating income in our non-Auto-Mobile segments during 2014. As previously mentioned, fourth quarter operating expense increased by $33 million or 15%, while increasing 250 basis points as a percent of sales. Research and development increased $9 million, year-over-year and 50 basis points, to 12.6% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and grow our engineering workforce by increasing resources focused primarily on Aviation, Fitness and Outdoor. Our advertising expense increased $19 million over the prior-year quarter and represented 6.7% of sales, a 210 basis point increase. Additional spending was focused primarily on Fitness to support new product categories. We will continue to manage advertising costs by segment, with a near-term focus on market share growth in wearables. SG&A was up $4 million compared to the prior-year quarter, decreasing 10 basis points to percent of sales, to 12.3%. We continue to manage these costs closely to get operating leverage when possible. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of almost $2.8 billion. Accounts receivable increased both sequentially and year-over-year, to $570 million, as a result of the higher holiday sales volume in 2014. Our inventory balance decreased to $420 million on a sequential basis to close the fourth quarter, as we exited the stronger holiday quarter prepared for the seasonally lower first quarter. Year-over-year, we're maintaining adequate inventory levels to support new product categories and sufficient supply of raw materials. We continue to generate strong free cash flow across our business, with $127 million generated during the fourth quarter and $528 million for the full year. Our dividend and stock repurchase activity during 2014 returned over $600 million of cash to our shareholders. Our pro forma effective tax rate for fourth quarter 2014 was 19.1%, compared to 20% in the fourth quarter of 2013. Pro forma tax rate in fourth quarter of 2014 excluded the tax benefit for material releases of reserves. The pro forma effective tax rate decline was driven by the favorable impact of the approval of a 2014 R&D tax credit, which was largely offset by unfavorable income mix by tax jurisdiction, resulting from foreign currency fluctuations, as well as reduced tax incentives in Taiwan. There was no material change in our full-year, pro forma, effective tax rate between 2013 and 2014. We expect our full-year tax rate for 2015 to be between 16% and 17 %, relatively consistent with prior years. We announced, this morning, that we plan to seek shareholder approval for an increased dividend beginning with the June 2015, calendar quarter. The proposal is $0.51 per share, per quarter, or $2.04 annually, an increase from our current quarterly rate of $0.48 per share. We also announced that the Board of Directors authorized the Company to repurchase up to $300 million of the Company's shares, as market and business conditions warrant through December 31, 2016. Cliff reviewed our 2015 guidance, but I would like to further highlight that we anticipate growth in three segments in 2015 and expect our non-Auto segments to represent over 60% of our revenue in 2015. As highlighted in our guidance, we will continue to invest in 2015 for long-term growth opportunities across the entire business, positioning us to continue to generate significant shareholder returns. Aaron, could you please open the line for Q&A?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will go first to Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis McCourt: I wonder if you could talk about the -- you mentioned deferred revenue be less of a positive impact in 2015. Talk about your expectations on the benefit of having 2014 versus what you expect in 2015? And then on Fitness, specifically, you mentioned a 25% growth rate, obviously, on top of a very big year this year. How should we think about the margins in that segment in 2015 relative to historic norms? Thanks.
Doug Boessen: This is Doug. I'll take the deferred revenue piece. In Q4, we had a benefit of about $0.04 of EPS. Now looking into 2015, we'll actually have some year-over-year headwinds, as a contribution of amortizations with deferred revenue will decline. Those deferred revenue headwinds have been factored into our 2015 percent down guidance that we gave for the Auto-Mobile segment, overall. And looking at the Fitness margins for 2015, there will probably be some slight pressure on the gross margin due to some product mix there. But overall, for our operating margins, we hope to be relatively flat year-over-year.
Operator: And we will go next to Robert Spingarn with Credit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn: Cliff, I wanted to go back to the guidance and understanding that FX and deferred revenue, as Doug just said, play a role here and, perhaps pressuring the guidance slightly. But otherwise, you're flattish as you mentioned earlier. And you've got for growth segments against one that's declining. Where are they -- in the growth areas, where are the greatest levers among the segments separately for revenue and margin upside?
Cliff Pemble: I think in terms of the Fitness market in general, as well is the wearable categories, is where we're looking to be able to increase in terms of mix of products with higher margins and sales growth.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And in addition to that, separate topic. But, there's quite a bit of cash building here on the balance sheet. You've got the buyback authorization and you're raising the dividend, it sounds like, about 6% or so. But, what other plans might you have for that cash?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we continue to look for opportunities for tuck-in acquisitions. And of course, we do need a sizable amount of cash to run our business in terms of operating capital. So I think in terms of where we're today, we're slightly less in terms of our cash balance year-over-year and we've returned over 100% of our free cash flow in 2014 to shareholders. So we feel like we're in a good position.
Robert Spingarn: Okay. And then just a clarification question, I'm not even sure if this may have been addressed. But within Marine, how do we think about the Fusion contribution in those numbers? Clearly, the fourth quarter growth was higher than the year.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Fusion will continue to add in the first half of the year, as we comp the year-over-year acquisition. But we'll flatten out. And in terms of product mix, it tends to be a lower margin contribution. But, they're very strong in terms of OEM and some aftermarket business in the entertainment side.
Robert Spingarn: So the organic growth in Marine in the quarter was closer to 10%?
Cliff Pemble: No. The organic growth is probably lower than that, as fourth quarter is typically our lowest season. But in the coming year, we expect it to have decent organic growth along with Fusion.
Operator: And we will go next to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski: I wanted just to ask you first on the deferred, again. So, I'm calculating about a $0.10 to $0.15 impact in terms of less contributions from deferred this year versus last year. Just wanted to check if that's in the ballpark of what's included in your guidance.
Doug Boessen:  Yes. It's in the guidance.
Simona Jankowski: Okay. And then, you significantly increased your advertising expense and I think you talk about that in reference to Activity Tracker as being strategic to Garmin. Cliff, can you expand on if you that's because you think that this is a very sustainable growth category going forward? Or is that just more of a network effect that you see here related to the number of users that you can get on the platform?
Cliff Pemble: Firstly, we see it as a strategic growth platform going forward and market share is definitely something that's important to gain early in the game. But in terms of our overall advertising, if you look at where we're and where we landed in 2014, our dollar spend as well as percentage of sales is pretty much back to where it was in 2010. So we feel like it's about right going into 2015 and we're going to continue to maintain that level of pressure going forward.
Simona Jankowski: And then just lastly on Outdoor, your guidance for flat revenues this year seems to imply that you're not expecting very much from the VIRB 2, recognizing that you are seeing some other categories declining. And I just wanted to dig into that a little bit. Is that because of the timing of when that product is coming out? Or just you're being conservative on the market share you think you can gain?
Cliff Pemble: I think we're overall being conservative in market share and action cameras, although we believe that our product strategy will yield some growth year-over-year this coming year. I think the main thing we're facing in Outdoor is pressure in the mature traditional market segment, as well as the industrywide trends in golf, which are a negative. But we're positive about our wearables. We're positive about our dog tracking and training as well.
Operator: And we will go next to Brad Erickson with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brad Erickson: First, just want to come back to the VIRB 2 that was just referenced on that broader action camera market. Outside of marketing, point of sale etcetera, what do you think you need to bring more from a product perspective on this refresh in order to try and gain a better foothold in that market going forward?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I'm not going to comment specifically on our product plans. But we do believe that our product, our existing VIRB as well as future products that we'll create, will speak clearly to Garmin customer bases and the kinds of activities that our products help our customers do. So, we're really focusing more on the Garmin aspect of action cameras and how they play with our products.
Brad Erickson: And then just on the 15% market share reference in the prepared remarks around Activity Trackers, within this pretty strong growth guidance you've given around Fitness, what's the underlying assumption there for where you think you could get market share wise in fitness in 2015?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we're not prepared to put out a specific number on market share, but we're pleased with the initial market share that we've obtained in our first year in the market and we believe that we should be able to grow from that position with our product line plans that we have as well as our advertising plans.
Operator: And we will go next to Jeremy David with Citigroup.
Jeremy David: On Fitness, wanted to touch the on your GPS fitness watch business. It seems like the competition there is increasing. TomTom said on their call last week that they would double their GPS watch business revenue to €100 million in 2015 and the Fitbit Surge appears to be handling quite well, as well. So how do you think of the competitive landscape in your traditional GPS fitness watch category? And is that factored in your guidance for Fitness growth of 25% year-over-year in 2015? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Well there is no question that there is increased competition in the running area. That's absolutely true. Keep in mind that some of these newer players are growing from a small base, so it's definitely easier to turn in large growth in the initial phases. But we believe that our product line is solidly entrenched in the running community and we also believe that we have unique differentiators over this competition that's entering the market. So we feel good about where we stand today and we also feel good about our product roadmap for the coming year and beyond.
Jeremy David: Okay. And if I can have a follow-up on the impact of currency in your guidance, what would your revenue guidance have been if not for the lower euro? So let's say, the exchange rate stayed at €1.33. And if the euro continues to depreciate further, how much of a headwind is that for you?
Doug Boessen: Let me give you a little bit of an insight on that. So, we assumed a euro rate of €1.15 in our 2015 guidelines, our guidance. We anticipate that would probably be at a headwind of about $100 million of revenue, which translates, when you factor into the gross profit as well the expense impact of it, probably on an EPS of somewhere between $0.15 and $0.16 for the year.
Operator: And we will go next to Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company.
Charlie Anderson: I wondered if you could talk about the underlying assumptions you're making for the Activity Tracker market. I think it roughly doubled in 2014. Just in terms of the overall market, what are you thinking in 2016?
Cliff Pemble: We feel like the overall market will continue to grow at a robust rate, although probably not doubling. We think maybe in the 40% to 50% range.
Charlie Anderson: And then and this is always a struggle every year. You have products that are unannounced, you have newer products that you've announced but haven't hit yet. I wondered if you could talk a little bit about the contribution of that category of products in the guidance, maybe this year versus other years?
Cliff Pemble: Well new products always account for a strong part of our overall growth strategy. We don't break it down, but we believe that our pipeline of newly introduced products combined with our existing products are going to give us strong results.
Charlie Anderson: And then last question from me. I wondered if you could talk about auto OEM. Are you expecting that to be up or down in 2015? And then just stepping back, what milestones do you feel like you need to hit to want us to continue to aggressively invest in that category?
Cliff Pemble: I think our outlook for 2015 is pretty much in-line with what we saw in 2014. We did experience growth in 2014, but we believe it will even out a little bit in 2015 as some programs roll-off and other new programs are spinning up. We believe we're making some progress, with recent wins like we talked about in the remarks. And we believe that going forward; we should have some additional wins that we'll be able to announce.
Operator: And we will go next to Ron Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: It's actually [inaudible] calling in for Ron today. Can you provide more color in the sales mix that weighed down Aviation margins of the quarter? And will this weaker sales mix continue through 2015?
Cliff Pemble: I think in the fourth quarter of this year, we experienced a different product mix than what we did last year. Last year, we were filling the channel and supporting our Partners with deliveries. And it included a lot of software components that were unusually high at that time. So this year, that was a different mix and it brought our margins down somewhat. We believe for the year in 2015, that the gross margin structure should be fairly similar to 2014.
Unidentified Analyst: And then as a follow-on, can you talk about how we should think about R&D spend in Aviation in the next few years, as you have new products getting certified and you've got market share gains?
Cliff Pemble: Well we continue to pursue new OEM platforms, as well as new aftermarket platforms. And we would expect that the R&D investment would continue to grow over the long term, roughly in-line with sales.
Operator: And we will go next to James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
James Faucette: Just a couple of questions. One, a follow-up on Aviation. Your 10% revenue outlook for this year is a little lower than we saw in 2014 and maybe a little lower than you've talked about in the past. Just wondering if you can talk about what may be pressuring the growth rates in the Aviation? And I guess I wanted to go back, once again, on the margin question, particularly as it related to fitness. If you could just give a little more color about the reasons that you think that you will see a better gross margin and operating margin in Fitness for 2015 than we saw, at least at the latter part of 2014? Thanks a lot.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. So in terms of our growth rate on Aviation, 2014 was a pretty big year. Where we had new Part 25 platforms hitting the market and those are higher-end systems. So, the growth was higher. Going into 2015 of course, we're comping against those and some of the newer platforms that we have in 2015 are in the part 23 category, which is the lower end business jet market. So we tempered our growth a little bit from last year. I believe we said it would be initially 10% to 15% in our 2014 guidance and this year we're targeting around 10%. In terms of our Fitness margin, if I understood your question correctly, what is the possibility that the margin would be lower? And at this point, we feel like we've factored in all of the dynamics of the market, including the promotional activities that we have planned later in the year. So we feel like with that in that in mind, as well as the product mix of new products coming into the market, that our margins should be relatively flat. Slightly pressured but overall, pretty much in-line with what we've seen.
Doug Boessen: This is Doug again. We see the gross margin, actually, probably getting pressured downward due to some of the product mix with the vivo family probably having not as high of an overall gross margin as some of the other type of purpose-driven type of products that we have. So we're seeing it probably down in 2015 compared to 2014.
James Faucette: But to be clear, you expect operating margins on Fitness to rebound back into the mid-30%s from the high 20%s that we saw in Q4?
Doug Boessen: I expect 2015 to be maybe slightly depressed compared to with 2014, just because of that gross margin pressure we have. But relatively comparable operating margins for Fitness for 2015 versus 2014.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And we will go next to Will Power with Robert Baird.
Will Power: I got a couple of questions. First, strong Q4 numbers of the Fitness category. I wonder if you could talk about, at least on the revenue side, I wonder if you could talk about sell-in versus sell-through, what you think you saw in Q4 there? And then secondly, on the Marine side of the business, you talked about some the pricing pressure and that impacting margins. How should we think about the Marine margin outlook for 2015, given the pricing dynamics?
Cliff Pemble: In terms of our sell-in and sell-through in the fourth quarter, we feel like it was well matched. And we feel like coming into the first quarter, that channel inventory is adequate at the moment. So we don't see any particular concerns there. In terms of Marine, we would expect that the pricing environment that we're facing is going to continue. We do believe that with our new products that we've introduced, that we should be able to match or improve our overall operating margin and our gross margin.
Operator: And we will take a follow-up question from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis McCourt: A couple more questions that weren't asked. First, can you remind us if there is any additional cash payments over the legal restructuring happening in 2015? And how much those would be?
Doug Boessen: This is Doug Boessen. So, yes, there are some additional payments relating to inter Company restructuring that will probably be in the second quarter. And those amounts, if you remember, we had about a $307 million expense that we took for that. We paid about $78 million or so in the period and so we anticipate, probably Q2 somewhere around $185 million or so.
Tavis McCourt: And then in terms of the 15% market share stat on the Activity Tracker, Cliff, are you seeing meaningful differences by geography, or is it relatively similar? And to dovetail that into the question about in Q4, it looked like Asia-Pacific was exceptionally strong. And wondering if that was the reason or if there's other dynamics happening in that region for you?
Cliff Pemble: Well each geography has its own characteristics when it comes to this market. There are, indeed, stronger geographies when it comes to fitness tracking and we did see a very significant uptake of our products in Australia, particularly. We feel like that the U.S. market is also very good. And Europe because of its fragmented nature country by country is probably behind the others.
Tavis McCourt: And in terms of your market share by geography, is it reasonably consistent? Or is there opportunities for you to bring the share up where it may be in the better geographies for you?
Cliff Pemble: Well Europe really is -- and I was speaking in terms of the overall market dynamic. In terms of our share, it's relatively consistent with what we outlined.
Tavis McCourt: And the Asia-Pacific strength in Q4, is there anything specific of a reason for that?
Cliff Pemble: Well again, Australia has been particularly strong.
Operator: And that does conclude the question and answer portion of today's conference call. I would like to turn it back over to Kerri Thurston for any comments and closing remarks.
Kerri Thurston: Thanks everyone, for joining us today. Doug and I will be available for follow-up calls this afternoon which we have scheduled with many of you. Thanks and have a good day.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference call. We thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director of Investor Relations Clifton A. Pemble - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, President of Garmin International Inc, President of Garmin USA Inc and President of Garmin AT Inc Douglas G. Boessen - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Robert Spingarn - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division William V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Garmin Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Kerri Thurston, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Kerri Thurston: Good morning. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and the related slides are available on Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and CEO; and Doug Boessen, CFO and Treasurer. Also joining us today is Kevin Rauckman, who continued to provide support throughout the third quarter. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported strong third quarter results that included growth in revenue, operating income and pro forma EPS. Consolidated revenues increased 10% year-over-year with double-digit growth in each of our non-Auto/Mobile segments. Aviation, Fitness, Marine and Outdoor revenues grew 24% on a combined basis and contributed 56% of total sales in the quarter. Gross and operating margins were 56% and 25% respectively, a year-over-year improvement driven by segment mix. Operating income grew 16%, with non-Auto/Mobile segments generating 70% of total operating income. In the third quarter, we executed our previously announced intercompany restructuring, which resulted in $308 million of tax expense. This onetime expense drove a GAAP net loss per share of $0.76. After adjusting for foreign currency losses and onetime events, we generated $0.76 of pro forma EPS in the quarter, representing an increase of 10% over 2013. A reconciliation of our pro forma EPS is provided in the appendix to these slides. So next, I'll highlight segment-specific results and initiatives. Looking first at the Fitness segment. Revenue grew 43% on a year-over-year basis with strong contributions from activity trackers and running products. We delivered gross and operating margins of 64% and 32% respectively. While gross margin increased from last year, the operating margin was essentially flat due to investments in advertising leading into the holiday season. Even with these investments, we generated operating income growth of 38% in the quarter. We recognize that competition isn't standing still and neither are we. We continue to innovate and broaden our product portfolio. In the third quarter, we launched vívosmart, an activity tracker that also delivers smart notifications from an iOS or Android smartphone. In addition, we announced the Forerunner 920XT, our next-generation, multi-sport product that incorporates advanced running dynamics and connective features, including smart notifications and line tracking. Finally, we announced the Connect IQ software developers kit. This exciting initiative will allow developers and partners to build apps and customizations that will extend the utility and attractiveness of our devices. We look forward to seeing all the possibilities to be explored through Connect IQ. Turning next to Outdoor. Revenues increased 19% in the quarter with recently launched products in golf, dog tracking and training and wearables contributing to the strong quarter. Gross and operating margins remained strong at 65% and 42% respectively in the segment. Due to the strong performance in the third quarter, we now anticipate Outdoor will generate full year revenue growth in the mid-single digits. In addition, we will continue to explore and innovate in the Outdoor segment to drive long-term growth in our current markets as well as other adjacent categories. In Aviation, we posted revenue growth of 19% with all product categories contributing to the strong performance. Gross and operating margins remained strong at 73% and 29% respectively. Operating income grew 25% in the quarter, ahead of revenue growth, due to gross margin improvement. We have continued to complete certifications that represent market share gains in both the business jet and helicopter markets. Two recent examples are the Cessna CJ3+ with the G3000 system and the Enstrom 480B with the G1000H system. Beyond OEM share gains, we are also pursuing additional aftermarket opportunities. At the NBAA show last week, we announced a new standalone ADS-B solution for the business jet market that significantly reduces the cost and complexity of complying with the FAA NextGen mandate. This solution will be available for popular business jets like the Citation 560, the Beechjet 400A and the Learjet 60, with others to follow. In addition, we announced the availability of a number of avionics enhancements for our existing King Air retrofit certifications. Finally, I'd like to highlight that the photo on this slide shows the G5000 retrofit solutions as installed in our Beechjet 400A. Our flight test program is underway, and we anticipate final certification to be completed in late 2015. Revenue in the Marine segment grew 12% in the quarter, driven by the third quarter acquisition of Fusion. As planned, we delivered higher gross and operating margins in the quarter, which allowed us to generate 32% operating income growth. We continue to focus on product innovation, highlighted by the announcement of our 2015 product lineup, which includes new chartplotters, multifunction displays, radars and autopilots. We believe these products further differentiate us from the competition and should provide the foundation for another year of growth in 2015. In our Auto/Mobile segment, revenues decreased 5% in the quarter as PND industry volumes continued to decline per expectations. Profitability of this segment continues to be strong with operating margins of 17%. In addition, we continue to build market share with NPD reporting our highest-yet U.S. market share for the third quarter at 84%, an improvement from 78% in third quarter of 2013. Recently, we announced our partnership with Honda on their 2015 Civic and CR-V models to be delivered in Europe, Russia and South America. Garmin will be providing integrated navigation software with many of our signature features such as lane guidance, photoReal junction views and predictive routing. This program win highlights the quality and reliability of our industry-leading navigation solutions, which we will continue to leverage as we build market share in the infotainment industry. And finally, with 3/4 of the year behind us, we're revising our full year guidance to reflect our outlook for the remainder of the year. We now anticipate revenue of approximately $2.85 billion, at the high end of prior guidance. In addition, we anticipate strong full year margin performance, with gross and operating margins at 56% and 24% respectively, consistent with prior expectations. Our prior guidance called for a pro forma effective tax rate of 15%, which was based on a number of assumptions, including the extension of the U.S. R&D tax credit. Since this tax credit has not yet been authorized by Congress, we've removed it from our assumptions until there's more clarity around this item. But as a result of all these factors, we're increasing our pro forma EPS guidance to approximately $3.10, representing full year growth in the high teens. These expected strong results in 2014 further validate our strategy of diversification and multipronged growth. Our 2014 results will provide the foundation upon which we can drive continued category expansion and market share gains to ensure long-term growth. So that concludes my remarks. Next, Doug will discuss additional details of our financial results. Doug?
Douglas G. Boessen: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I begin by reviewing our financial results and provide summary comments on the balance sheet and cash flow statement. We posted revenue of $706 million for the third quarter. As previously highlighted by Cliff, our revenue represents a 10% increase year-over-year. Gross margin was strong at 56%, a 160 basis-point increase from prior year, driven primarily by favorable segment mix. Operating margin was 25%, an increase of 130 basis points from the prior year. This is a result of the gross margin favorability of 160 basis points, partially offset by operating expense growth of 11% or $22 million. Our pro forma effective tax rate increased to 21%. We'll discuss the tax rate in more detail later. Adjusting for the foreign currency loss, tax impact of intercompany restructuring and tax benefit for the release of material reserves, pro forma EPS was $0.76, which represents a 10% increase year-over-year. We shipped 3.7 million units during the quarter, up 12% from 3.3 million last year. Total company average selling price of $192 per unit, down 2% from $196 third quarter of 2013, driven primarily by fitness product mix. Next, we'll review how our third quarter revenue breaks down by segment. We experienced double-digit growth in 4 of our 5 segments. Looking at the charts on this page, the Auto/Mobile segment represented 44% of our total revenue during third quarter of 2014, down from 49% in the prior year. Fitness grew to 16% of revenue current period compared to 13% in the prior year. These charts illustrate our profitability mix by segment. Our non-Auto/Mobile segments delivered 70% of operating income in the quarter, up from 64% in the prior year quarter. Looking next at year-over-year gross margin. Total company gross margin improved to 56% due to positive segment mix and stable or improving margins in most segments. Total operating margin improved to 25% due to the increased gross margin performance. As previously mentioned, third quarter operating expense increased by $22 million or 11% on a year-over-year basis, while increasing 30 basis points, percent of sales. R&D increased $11 million year-over-year and 30 basis points to 14% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and grow our engineering workforce with increasing resources focused on compelling new Aviation, Fitness and Outdoor products. Our advertising expense increased $7 million over the prior year quarter, representing 4.7% of sales, a 60 basis-point increase. Additional spending was focused on Fitness and Outdoor to support new product categories. We'll continue to manage advertising cost by segment with a near-term focus on market share growth and wearables. SG&A was up $4 million compared to the prior year quarter, decreasing 60 basis points, percent of sales, to 12.8%. We continue to manage these costs closely to gain operating leverage when possible. Our pro forma effective tax rate for third quarter 2014 was 21% compared to 15.7% in third quarter 2013. Pro forma tax rates exclude tax expense associated with the intercompany restructuring in 2014 and the tax benefit from material release of reserves in both 2013 and 2014. Increased tax rate was primarily driven by unfavorable income mix by tax jurisdiction, expiration of some Taiwan tax incentives and expiration of the U.S. R&D tax credit. We now expect our full year tax rate to be 17% given the anticipated delay in approval of the U.S. R&D tax credit. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of almost $2.8 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $470 million, a result of seasonally lower sales in the third quarter. Year-over-year accounts receivable was basically flat, resulting in improvement in day sales outstanding. Our inventory balance increased to $466 million on a sequential basis as we build inventory for the holiday season. We continue to generate strong free cash flow across our business. Excluding a $78 million cash tax payment related to the intercompany restructuring, cash from operations was $220 million and capital expenditures were $18 million, resulting in free cash flow generation of $202 million during the quarter. We also repurchased $79 million of company stock during the third quarter, completing our current repurchase authorization. Our dividend and stock repurchase activity during 2014 will return approximately $600 million of cash to our shareholders. This concludes our formal remarks. Tim, can you please open the line for questions? Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I just wanted to start out with a pretty high-level question on the activity band market. Wondering now that you've been in the market for a couple of quarters, is there anything that has changed? Or has your view of this market changed in terms of sizing, opportunity or where it's trending? I'm just -- it's a big delta in your business and I'm just wondering how maybe your thoughts have evolved on the business.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Andrew. This is Cliff. I think in terms of where we're at today in the market compared to where we thought we would be at the beginning of the year, we're pleased with where we stand today. We believe that the market has grown a lot over last year. There's still a lot of awareness that's being generated in the market. So it is a nice additional market for us to be involved in, and we do feel good about where we're at today.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Fair enough. And one follow-up on the Auto margin. I think -- if -- in my model, if I normalize for the deferred revenue impact, it was down a little bit more than I would have thought. I think we've spoken previously about kind of high-teens margins in the PND business and sort of flattening OEM spending and then a ramp of the OEM revenue with contracts like Mercedes. So I'm wondering how you're thinking about that margin. Do you still think that, that can improve over time? And what are the puts and takes that are impacting Q3 here?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it’s the PND volume declines and the mix of PND changes with the overall segment. Definitely, OEM and Mobile will contribute more in terms of their margin profile. In terms of the PND-specific product category, we feel like those margin structures have been relatively stable in the product category and we feel like they're performing as we expected.
Operator: And we'll go next to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Also a couple of questions on the Fitness segment. I wanted to just get your thoughts on what drove the decline there sequentially, if that was an end demand function or inventory-related? And also, I wanted to get a little bit of context around the price cuts on the vívofit we saw on Monday. And then just looking forward into Q1, how are you thinking about potential competition from the Apple Watch? And what, if anything, are you doing in terms of interoperability with HealthKit?
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. So quite a few things there. I'll probably start with the seasonality question. It is normal for this market to be seasonal like every other market, and we feel like the sequential drop from Q2 to Q3 was within our expectations. So we don't see anything there that stands out as a difference from what we've seen in the past. In terms of the price cuts, those are normal pricing actions that we have planned around leading up into the holiday season and around our promotional activities. And in terms of next year, we're not in a position to really provide specific guidance. But in terms of where we stand with our product positioning, we feel good about where we stand today, both in terms of what we're offering as well as the product road map that we have.
Operator: And we'll go next to Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Gentlemen, maybe your thoughts on just how we should think about the subcategories of Fitness and Outdoor over the longer term, considering some parts of the -- some products such as action cameras have not worked. There’s price stimulation going on in some of these Fitness categories. And perhaps, if you can relate your comments on your overall views of price elasticity of demand as we get into the holiday season and how we should balance and consider price declines to drive unit growth in both categories of Outdoor and Fitness.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, in terms of the subcategories of these 2 different segments, every segment has categories of products that have higher- or lower-margin profiles, so we don't really view what's happening in Outdoor in the action camera space as well as Fitness in the tracker space as anything unusual in terms of what we see overall in these segments. I think from an elasticity point of view, and I think you're probably referring specifically to the tracker market, I think the market is very new. And so we, like many others, are learning in terms of what seasonal demands are and what the elasticity will be. We're promoting the category heavily and as a result, we expect that we'll be able to perform well in the fourth quarter with our advertising.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then Doug, maybe a question for you. Recognizing that we're still in the early stages of the transition, is there any preliminary framework in terms of free cash flow returns to shareholders, how we should be thinking about capital structure? Thus far, the company has recommended the return of $600 million in cash every single year. Should that change? Or should that be supplemented in the future?
Douglas G. Boessen: Yes. This is Doug. Yes, the way I look at it, it's pretty well consistent with our previous strategy we had. This year, 2014, we'll return about $600 million between dividends and share repurchases to our shareholders. We'll take another look at that in February, looking at our dividend and share repurchase in connection with our guidance for 2015. But I'd say it's pretty consistent with what we've looked at in the past.
Operator: And we'll go next to Robert Spingarn with Crédit Suisse.
Robert Spingarn - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I wanted to ask you, with the maintenance of your guidance and the trends in the Auto/Mobile market, how should we think about the implied declines in Q4, which are rather strong, obviously against a tough comp? But of course, that's the fourth quarter seasonality as well. So how do we think about the fourth quarter on the Auto side?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, as the markets mature, the seasonality impacts of fourth quarter have been more muted, so we're conservatively counting on a more muted response this year as well. But it's all baked into the overall guidance that we provided.
Robert Spingarn - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And because that implication is a double-digit drop, which you really haven't seen, so it sounds like there might be some conservatism there.
Clifton A. Pemble: Again, we've treated this market conservatively over the past couple of years, recognizing that it can surprise in terms of overall demand, so -- but we feel like retailers are looking at the category very realistically, and our guidance factors in that realistic view.
Robert Spingarn - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just quickly on Marine, if I could ask about the pricing environment, how competitive that remains and what the longer-term trend in margins might be, given where you've been in the -- maybe more of the distant past.
Clifton A. Pemble: So Marine pricing is very competitive. There's definitely several players that are promoting quality products at value prices. And some of the markets that we are penetrating, including the inland fishing market is very competitive. So we would expect that the pricing environment is challenging. And as a result, the margin impact is definitely a factor. We would anticipate as we roll out new products on a regular basis that we should be able to bring our margins up incrementally from where they're at. But because of the competitive environment, it may not be to the high levels that we've seen several years ago.
Robert Spingarn - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And just a clarification. You mentioned Fusion was a driver of the sales growth there on a year-over-year basis. Was it a full driver? How do we think about Fusion relative to the rest of the business?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Fusion was definitely the biggest contributor to that growth. Our other categories, our organic categories, were more flat year-over-year. But the reason for that is that last year, we were doing a lot of sell promotion on some end-of-life products, particularly our 700 series of chartplotters. So as a result of those factors, we were more or less flat year-over-year, but we felt good based on the strong performance we had last year with end-of-life.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A couple of questions for me. A, first, Cliff, you guys have, over the years, talked about that you'll evaluate your investment in the in-dash and OEM market on kind of a year-to-year basis. And I just wanted to get a sense from you how you're feeling about the penetration that you're gaining and the share wins that you're having there and whether it makes sense to continue the level of investment that you've been putting into that segment? And then my second question is we've seen impact from -- or we've seen strong U.S. dollar over the last quarter, so can you talk a little bit about how you think that's been impacting your demand for products kind of across the different categories and what amount of headwind that might be creating?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, James. So in terms of Auto OEM, we view this as a long-term investment. We've been pleased with the progress that we've made. So far, the progress is admittedly incremental, but it's a very, very challenging market with a lot of incumbent suppliers. But we still believe that we have value that we bring to the table that automakers are interested in as evidenced by some of our recent wins. So I think as far as what we're doing there, we're still approaching the market with a pragmatic kind of investment and growing it as we go. In terms of the dollar impact, I think the biggest impact there is going to be the potential revenue headwind that occurs with the strengthening dollar. In terms of demand, there's typically some second-order effects that occur as pricing is adjusted over time, but we feel like the most immediate impact will be the revenue impact.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: First, on Outdoor. You had a pretty big leap-up in Q3 here, and I think what's implied in the guidance is you'll be somewhat flat in Q4 versus your typically up 20% or so sequentially for the holiday. So should we read into that, that basically you made a lot of the holiday shipments, call it, in Q3 here and you don't have that big follow-through like you normally have in Q4?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think one of the bigger impacts that we've had, Charlie, is the release of new products, particularly the S6, and we're also doing very well in the other wearable categories of the market, and dog products are also doing very well. This is hunting season time. So those are things that impacted us in Q3, and we would anticipate Q4 is a little more consistent with last year in terms of overall revenue levels because that seasonality is winding down.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: And then a question on the comment that you made in the release about adjacencies, and I think it was specific to Outdoor. Should we think about that as sort of incremental beyond just refreshing the VIRB? And you're looking now at categories where there are sort of well-established players like you've done recently, call it, with the VIRB and the vívofit. Or were you looking at some sort of, call it, brand new categories where you'd almost invent a new type of a device?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we don't have specifics, but I would say that our profile is that we always are looking for adjacent categories in each of these segments to help grow them incrementally.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Cliff, question on the overall growth rate or rate of decline of the PND market. It seems the market rate of decline has been slowing. I just wondered if you would care to say what you think that market might do as we move into next year and beyond, if that rate of decline might bottom and actually, if that market could flatten. So if you could answer that one, first. And I have a follow-up.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So we don't have projections yet formulated for 2015. We're really looking at how Q4 performs to really put all of our views together there. I would say, though, that you're right in terms of where we are today versus last year and the years before, that we do see some moderation in the bigger markets. Particularly, the Europe market has been flatter. Some countries are doing very well, in fact, even show some value-oriented growth in the market, whereas other countries are not doing as well, but on balance, it has moderated a lot. In the U.S. market, there's definitely been some moderation from our more conservative views. But still, it's decelerating at a rate that's faster than what Europe is.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And I'm curious, how do you think about the -- perhaps the balance between your share gains, which I guess at 85%, I'm wondering how much further -- how much more share you think you can get versus the moderating market? Do you think at some point those balance out? Or how do you see those 2 kind of conflicting dynamics of you maybe not being able to gain as much share, but the market, sort of stabilizing?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Obviously, there's not as much runway from 85% to 100% as what there was from 50% to 85%, but we feel like we're in a very strong position in the market. We feel like a lot of the smaller players have kind of exited the U.S. market. So that leaves us in a strong position there. And in Europe, we have increasing gains there and we're in the kind of the mid-30s range in terms of market share and growing, so we see some offsetting effect there.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great. Just one on tax rate. Not sure if you're willing to comment on that, but any thoughts at this point on tax rate for next year? Or is that just too early?
Douglas G. Boessen: It is too early for us. We'll be giving that guidance to you in February.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Bright with Avondale Partners.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Could you give us an update on the action camera market, more specifically, your inventory levels as of today as well as maybe any ballpark timing of new products in '15?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So the action camera market, as we updated you in Q2, it's been a market for us that's new revenue, new opportunity. Obviously, I think our views at the beginning of the year in terms of our potential for success were higher than where we've ended up today, but it's still a category where we feel like we have differentiators and thus, we're continuing to invest at a pragmatic rate to be able to develop new products and continue to grow share in the market. In terms of inventory, we feel like that situation is manageable at this point. It's again a product category that's not huge compared to PND. So consequently, I think all of that’s manageable. In terms of new products, we're constantly working on our product road maps. We don't have anything specific that we would share at this time in terms of action cameras, but we are continuing to invest.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Cliff, second question is around Auto OEM. The Honda win, I think you mentioned on the call, was software-only. What were the hurdles that you overcame for that win? And is this giving you any momentum in that marketplace?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think in terms of hurdles, company -- any auto company, but particularly one like Honda, is very particular about their suppliers, and they're looking for quality and stability and value in what they're offering their customers. And so we were able to meet those objectives that they were looking for and we feel like it speaks to the overall quality of our solutions and our reputation in the industry.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: As far as momentum?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think momentum, it always helps when you're collecting a large number of very prestigious brands that you're serving. So in our case, we're also on Daimler. We work with BMW, now Honda. So we feel very good about the customer list that we have in addition to the ones that we've had for a while now like Chrysler.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeremy David with Citigroup.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: A couple of questions on fitness. Fitness revenue missed consensus numbers in Q3. I don't think you're changing your view for the year. You're still guiding to 50%, 55% year-over-year growth. But should we infer that, well, maybe the 3 was just too bullish in Q3 and there's going to be more of a hockey stick in Q4? Or has your views changed a little bit maybe of the margin on that guidance for the year you've given a quarter ago?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, I think normally, as I mentioned before, the market is seasonal. So people are winding down some of their purchasing that goes on in the spring and early summertime. So Q3 is seasonal, and it does not surprise us what we saw in terms of the overall quarter. I would remind you in terms of Q4 and our outlook there, we're factoring in the impacts of last year's successful launch of the Forerunner 620 and 220. And so there are some year-over-year comparisons that are stronger there.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And I -- you talked a little bit about that Fitness band category. But I think given numbers on the Q2 call around the size of the category and your market share, I think, at the time, you said you think the category is about 10 million units and that you've reached a 10% market share in Q2. What's your thinking now exiting Q3 around the category size on your market share?
Clifton A. Pemble: We feel like there's really no change in terms of our outlook on the category size in terms of our market share. We do see positive indications that our share is increasing somewhere in the mid-teens range.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And finally on the Connect IQ initiative you've announced, it looks like you're going to develop your own ecosystem just like what Pebble did with their watch. What led you down that path? Are you looking potentially to participate in a bigger ecosystem like Android Wear? How should we think about emerging wearable ecosystems like Android Wear? For you is that an opportunity not a threat? Any commentary on that will be helpful.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think Connect IQ is in response to a lot of requests that we get from customers and partners who want a way to be able to expand the utility of our wearable devices but don't currently have a way to do that. So Connect IQ provides that opportunity for people to be able to expand the utility beyond just what we offer in our markets. In terms of how we're positioning that, we're not putting that up against the big open players that are out there. That's not our objective at all. But we do feel like there's a strong desire for people to be able to customize their watches and to be able to expand the utility.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Brad Erickson with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: First, on Aviation. Understanding that you have some new products sounds like to continue helping to drive growth. Can you kind of provide an update just how you're feeling about that market as a whole here as we look out over the next few quarters?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, I think in terms of our outlook, we're really only providing consolidated guidance for 2014, but Aviation is a market where it's a very long investment cycle, and we continue to invest in the market in order to be able to bring new opportunities and revenue and growth in the future. But at the moment, we feel like we're positioned well and we feel like the momentum is good.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just on the Fitness business. You've obviously talked this year about spending in the second half to kind of improve positioning, both in terms of marketing, promotion, et cetera, as well as a point-of-sale. Can you kind of give an update as to how that's going and how far along you are in that process at this point?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we've been running some TV campaigns here in the U.S. and we'll start in Europe as well. So that's driving some additional investments there. We've been focused for the year on improving our point-of-sale, and that has also increased some of our marketing expenses. We feel like we're positioned well at this point and there's more work to do as we go into 2015, but a lot of improvement so far in 2014.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Ho with William Blair.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just wanted to get a little bit of thought around sort of the Aviation business and maybe your thoughts around how sustainable the growth rates are in that business, just given sort of the general macro environment and the new platforms that you're adding on.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. Again, I think our outlook at this point is good for the near term. As I mentioned in the previous question, we continue to invest in opportunities that will lead to long-term sustained growth. In terms of the industry, we feel like there's some signs of incremental growth off of the lows that we've been seeing. Some aircraft categories are actually recovered and doing very well. Others are still very depressed, but they're at least off of their loads. So we feel like right now the overall environment is better than it has been.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And then can you just give us maybe a sense of how the retailers are thinking about the wearable space as you start to go into the fourth quarter? Maybe the amounts of promotion activity or advertising spending support that you have to provide. And just maybe a general sense of how they're viewing the category relative to your expectations?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, I think they're positive about the category. They see it as an opportunity for growth. It's really in line with the expectations that we’ve had. Many retailers are investing in more floor space and advertising in the category. So at this point, I would say that their reaction and their response to this is what we expected.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: First, on kind of the big-picture fourth quarter revenue guide. You put up kind of 10% to 12% top line growth the first 3 quarters of the year. I think the guidance implies about 5% for the fourth quarter. And I understand relative -- or typical conservatism, but I wonder if you could quantify to what degree, if any, currency or a lower contribution from deferred revenues has an impact on the fourth quarter. And then secondly, on deferred revenues, it looks like the balance sheet deferred revenues are down about 90 -- or will be down about $90 million or so for the full year. Is that a reasonable run rate that we should expect going forward in terms of the decline of deferred revenues in the balance sheet? Or is it still too difficult to predict?
Douglas G. Boessen: Yes. This is Doug. Regarding -- first of all, I’ll talk about deferred revenue here in the third quarter. That gave us a benefit of about $0.06 in the third quarter. Looking at the fourth quarter, we would expect a benefit of about $0.05 on EPS there. And then looking at toward the future into 2015, what we'll do there is probably have a little bit of headwind in there. We won't expect as much of a contribution in 2015 as we would have in '14. And all of the forecast we have given you does impact -- does consider all the currency changes we do have.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And a follow-up, Cliff. On the Auto OEM business, when you're winning kind of these software module deals, what is the design cycle for that? In other words, when you announced the Honda win for the 2015 product line in Europe, when was that award actually won? Is this as long cycle as the hardware side of the infotainment business? Or can you win deals reasonably quickly when selling the turn-by-turn nav app only?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. There's probably a mix of scenarios there. In some cases, it's been a shorter cycle in terms of award to market. In other cases, it can be a very long cycle depending on how much new design work is going on in the hardware side of the equation. Remember, our software has to run and be involved in an overall system. And so consequently, there can be a lot of factors that impact the time-to-market.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Will Power with Robert Baird.
William V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess a couple of questions. First, on the Fitness band market and distribution. Maybe you can update us as to where vívofit is in terms of distribution? Is it in all the channels that you'd like it to be in? And really a similar question for vívosmart. I know you started with the Best Buy exclusive. Is that -- where does that now stand in terms of reaching all those channels?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. In terms of vívofit, we feel good about where we're at with the channels. I think we're in pretty much every channel that we would expect to be in at this point. And there's new channels that are being opened up for this category that wouldn't otherwise be carrying an electronic product in more of our traditional markets. So there's some expansion that goes on there. In terms of vívosmart, it does just roll off of exclusivity now. So it's expanding to new channels, and that's happening at a good rate. I think there's been a good response to the product, and so there's a lot of retailers that want to carry it around the globe.
William V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And do you think you'll be able to get that into most channels through the quarter here or by the end of the quarter?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. It's rolling out now. I think really it's going to be limited more by product quantity availability than it is by channel.
William V. Power - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe a bigger-picture question. As you head into 2015, you've got new competition from Fitbit. Apple, this is on the watch side of the equation. I wonder if you could just kind of characterize how you think about the competitive climate there. And then one of things a lot of the new competitors there are doing is enabling wrist-based heart monitoring. I know I think traditionally, you all kind of prefer the chest wrap. That's more accurate. I wonder how your thinking there is evolving just as the competitive climate there changes and whether that's something important to get in the portfolio.
Clifton A. Pemble: It is no question this category is drawing a lot of interest from people. It's a category that we really pioneered and innovated in over the years. So there's many new players getting into that, and we would expect many more that aren't necessarily visible at this moment. In terms of our product road map and aligning that with what's available and announced to be available from competition, we feel good about our positioning. And in terms of specific features like the wrist-based heart rate, that’s definitely a new innovation, which is maturing in terms of its technical capabilities. We definitely see differences in terms of accuracy for certain kinds of athletes who are interested in that. But we also see opportunity where the technology is maturing and is something that we will be offering in our product lines as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's actually Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron. For the Aviation business, you saw a 19% growth in the quarter. Is there any way you could parse out how much of that growth is from share gains and new program ramp-ups in business Aviation versus cyclical recovery in your legacy general Aviation business?
Clifton A. Pemble: We have not typically broken it out. I would say though that some of the trends that I mentioned earlier in the OEM market are carrying over to the retrofit market where we're seeing retrofit equipment demand increasing as people are getting back to flying, they're updating their aircraft, they're getting ready for things like the NextGen mandate. So we feel good about what's happening in the industry across the board.
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And I have a follow-on on the Auto OEM side of the business. Can you quantify the number of active campaigns you're currently pursuing and your win rate? And then for the contracts that you have not won, what are the key recurring themes you're hearing from your customers?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, we've not ever broken out our sales funnel, so I probably won't comment on the dynamics of that.
Operator: And at this time, there are no other questions in queue. I'll turn it back to Kerri Thurston for any closing remarks.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you, all, for joining us today. Doug and I will look forward to following up with many of you after this call and over the next few weeks as we launch some travel. And most importantly, based here in Kansas City, we wouldn't want to leave this call without saying, go Royals. Thanks, everyone. Bye-bye.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director of Investor Relations Clifton A. Pemble - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, President of Garmin International Inc, President of Garmin USA Inc and President of Garmin AT Inc Kevin S. Rauckman - Executive Officer
Analysts: Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and the related slides are available on Garmin's IR site at www.garmin.com/stock. An archive of the webcast and the related transcript will also be available there. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and CEO; and Kevin Rauckman, CFO and Treasurer. Also joining us today is Doug Boessen, who will become CFO tomorrow. Doug has been with us since June 2, allowing for a smooth transition to date. In addition, Kevin is committed to providing ongoing support as needed throughout 2014. Doug and I will be traveling periodically throughout the remainder of the year, providing him the opportunity to meet many of you. At this time, I'll turn the call over Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble: Thanks, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported a second consecutive quarter of strong performance, with growth in revenue, operating income and pro forma EPS. Consolidated revenues increased 12% year-over-year, with aviation, fitness, marine and outdoor contributing 55% of total sales and 66% of the operating profit in the quarter. Gross margins improved to 57% from 55% in the prior year due to the amortization of previously deferred revenue and improved segment mix. Operating margins were 28%, an increase from 24% in the prior year. This resulted in operating income growth of 29% on a consolidated basis. These strong results generated $1.02 of pro forma EPS in the quarter, representing an increase of 34% over 2013. Before discussing segment results, I wanted to briefly mention the subsequent event that we announced this morning. Our board has approved an intercompany restructuring transaction that will result in greater access to historical earnings and will allow us to efficiently repatriate future earnings to fund dividends, share repurchases and acquisitions. This restructuring will trigger onetime payments covering taxes on intercompany transactions and withholding taxes as we repatriate a portion of our cash through our Swiss parent company. Kevin will provide more context in his remarks. Looking first at the fitness segment. Revenue grew 79% on a year-over-year basis, with growth driven by new products across multiple fitness categories. We delivered gross and operating margins of 65% and 42%, respectively. This generated operating income growth of 112% in the quarter as operating margins expanded by over 650 basis points due to strong sales. We have a host of new products that are performing well across a variety of categories and price points. This includes vívofit, which has had a strong start in the rapidly growing activity tracking category. In the running category, the Forerunner 15, 220 and 620 are all contributing to strong growth. In the cycling category, the Edge Touring, Edge 1000 and Vector are the primary growth drivers. The diversity of features, form factors and price points that are driving growth affirms our strategy of innovating across a broad portfolio of offerings. With that in mind, we continue to invest aggressively in fitness R&D, with the commitment to explore, develop and deliver superior products and services that our customers desire. In aviation, we posted revenue growth of 11%, driven primarily by new and existing OEM relationships. Gross and operating margins improved to 74% and 29%, respectively, due to positive sales mix and improved operating margin leverage. Operating income grew 38% in the quarter, ahead of revenue growth due to the margin improvement. I'd like to highlight that the business jet shown on this slide is the recently certified Citation X+ with the Garmin G5000 integrated flight deck. Cessna began deliveries of this aircraft in the second quarter, and we are pleased to be the avionics provider for the fastest civilian aircraft available in the market today. As we continue into the back half of 2014, we will focus on a number of additional certifications. These include the Cessna CJ3+ and Alpine Edition CJ2+, which are expected to be certified in 2014. Longer term, we see new revenue contribution from the Cessna Latitude, the Bell 505 and the Bell 525. These are complex projects that necessitate a high level of R&D investment. And finally, I think it's important to note that we continue to face a challenging environment in the small business jet industry. Despite soft market conditions, our innovative products and market share gains have allowed us to deliver ongoing growth. Turning next to marine. Revenue grew 1% in the quarter due to the strong comparable from the second quarter of 2013. While we didn't achieve significant revenue growth, strong gross and operating margin improvement driven by new products allowed us to deliver 23% operating income growth. As announced previously, we completed the acquisition of Fusion Electronics in the third quarter. Fusion broadens our product portfolio, generating additional synergies for our customers in both OEM and aftermarket applications. We continue to face weak market conditions that are slowing the growth trajectory of our products. Long term, we believe there is upside potential for the industry, and we will be well positioned when the market improves. Turning next to outdoor. Revenues declined 1% in the quarter compared to the strong performance in the second quarter of 2013. In addition, gross and operating margins declined in the quarter due to inventory reserves and increased advertising associated with our action cameras. During the quarter, we introduced the Approach S6 for the golf enthusiast. This new golf watch delivers unique metrics and training features, such as swing tempo and swing strength. We expect this product to be well received by the golf community. Finally, in outdoor, I wanted to mention that we are reducing our full year revenue guidance. This is the only segment in which we do not expect to meet or exceed our original forecast given at the beginning of the year. The change has been necessitated by slower-than-expected uptake of our VIRB action cameras. While our initial entry into the action camera market delivered less than we expected, we remain committed to growing our market share through advertising, improved retail presence and ongoing product innovation. In the auto/mobile segment, revenues increased 2% in the quarter as PND volumes declined less than expected and were offset by amortization of previously deferred revenue and growing OEM revenues. In addition, gross and operating margins remained strong at 48% and 21%, respectively, leading to a highly profitable segment in which we continue to build market share. As we've mentioned before, we expect the PND market to continue to decline at a rate of approximately 15% to 20% on a global basis, consistent with the guidance we issued at the beginning of the year. While we're not prepared to change this outlook, we are encouraged by market trends in some geographies. We will continue to manage the category appropriately to maximize long-term profits. Finally, having passed the halfway point for 2014, we're updating our full year guidance. In light of our solid performance in the first half of the year, we are increasing our revenue range to $2.75 billion to $2.85 billion, representing full year revenue growth in the mid to high-single digits. We've raised our margin expectations for both gross and operating margins based on the positive segment mix and leverage of our operating expenses. We also anticipate a reduction in our pro forma tax rate due primarily to a more favorable mix by tax jurisdiction. As a result, we are increasing our pro forma EPS guidance to $2.95 to $3.05, representing full year growth in the mid-teens. So before wrapping up my comments, I want to note that this is Kevin's last conference call as the CFO of Garmin. We've communicated in the past that Doug Boessen will assume CFO role tomorrow, but Kevin will be onboard throughout the remainder of the year to assist with the transition. I want to thank Kevin again for all of the many contributions he has made to Garmin over the years. All of our stakeholders, our customers, employees, our suppliers and shareholders have been positively impacted by Kevin's contributions. So Kevin, we will miss you, but we always -- also wish you well as you move on to the next phase in your journey. So with that, that concludes my remarks. Next, Kevin will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Kevin?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, thanks, Cliff, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our financial results then move to summary comments on the balance sheet and then cash flow statement. We posted revenue of $778 million for the quarter, with pro forma net income of $200 million. Our pro forma EPS was $1.02 per share, excluding the $20 million foreign currency loss. Our revenue represents an increase of 12% year-over-year, as previously highlighted by Cliff. Gross margin was strong at 57%, a 210-basis-point increase from prior year, driven by favorable segment mix and amortization of previously deferred revenues. Our operating margin was 28%, an increase of 370 basis points from the prior year. This is the result of the gross margin favorability of 210 basis points, as well as operating expense favorability of 160 basis points, though total operating expenses increased by $12 million or 6%. Our effective tax rate decreased to 12.8%, leading to pro forma EPS, which is adjusted for the foreign currency loss of $1.02 per share, representing a 34% increase year-over-year. We shipped 3.8 million units during the quarter, up 6% from 3.6 million last year, and our total company average selling price was $203 per unit, up 6% from $192 in Q2 2013, driven primarily by segment mix and reduced revenue deferrals. Overall, our revenue and EPS performance exceeded expectations for the quarter. Next, you can see how our second quarter revenue breaks down by segment. We experienced growth in 4 of our 5 segments, with fitness and aviation leading the way. I'd like to highlight the charts on this page, which illustrate the auto/mobile segment, representing 45% of our total revenue during Q2 2014, down from 50% in the prior year. Fitness grew to 19% of revenues in the current period compared to 12% in the prior year. These charts illustrate our profitability mix by segment, with our non-auto/mobile segments delivering 66% of our operating income in the quarter, up from 63% in the prior year. Looking next at year-over-year gross margin changes by segment. Our auto/mobile gross margin increased to 48% from 45% in the prior year due primarily to amortization of high-margin deferred revenues. In addition, we posted gross margin improvement in marine and aviation. Our marine margin improvement was primarily related to product mix shifting towards new products and increased ASP. Aviation marine -- aviation margin improvement was primarily due to increased software sales. And our fitness margin was stable at 65% in the quarter. Outdoor gross margin declined to 61%, driven primarily by inventory reserves. Our total operating margin improved to 28% due to the increased gross margin and revenue growth outpacing the 6% growth of operating expense, which I'll highlight next. As previously mentioned, Q2 operating expense increased by $12 million or 6% on a year-over-year basis in Q2, while decreasing 160 basis points as a percentage of sales. R&D increased $2 million year-over-year while declining 120 basis points to 12.7% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and grow our engineering workforce with increasing resources focused on compelling new aviation, fitness and outdoor products. Our advertising spend increased $5 million over the year-ago quarter and represented 4.5% of sales, a 30-basis-point increase. The additional spending was focused in fitness and outdoor to support new product categories. And we will continue to manage operating expenses by segment to match the market opportunities presented by our diverse products. SG&A was up $4 million compared to the year-ago quarter, decreasing 80 basis points as a percentage of sales to 11.9%. We continue to manage these costs to align with the changing dynamics of our business. Next, moving to balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over $2.8 billion. Accounts receivable increased year-over-year and sequentially to $497 million due to our double-digit revenue growth. Our inventory balance decreased to $430 million on a sequential basis as we reduced inventory slightly exiting the seasonally strong second quarter, yet we maintain inventory levels large enough to support key new product categories. We continue to generate strong free cash flow across our business as cash from operations was $164 million during Q2 and CapEx was $21 million. Our free cash flow generation was $143 million in the quarter. We also repurchased $129 million of company stock during Q2 and still have $79 million authorized to repurchase through the remainder of 2014. Our effective tax rate for Q2 2014 was 12.8% compared to 16.5% in Q2 of 2013. The decreased rate was primarily driven by favorable income mix by taxing jurisdiction, partially offset by reduced by Taiwan tax incentives and the expired R&D credit. We now expect our full year rate to be 15.2%. Regarding restructuring, Cliff briefly touched on our intention to move certain U.S. subsidiaries out from underneath our Taiwan subsidiary. This restructuring will occur in the third quarter, resulting in cash tax payments of approximately $300 million over the next 12 months. We're performing this restructuring to allow for 2 primary benefits. First, it will allow us to repatriate some of our existing cash that's been permanently reinvested. Secondly, it will allow us to repatriate future U.S. earnings to our Swiss parent at a rate that does not negatively affect our effective tax rate. And finally, as Cliff mentioned, we're updating our full year 2014 guidance, given current trends across our segments. Cliff reviewed the total company guidance. So here, we provide additional detail on revenue by segment. At a high level, we have increased our expectations for auto/mobile and fitness, while outdoor expectations have been reduced and marine and aviation are unchanged. The improvement in auto/mobile is a result of better-than-expected industry volumes in the first half, as well as improved auto OEM revenues. Business revenue guidance is being raised due to the continued strength we are seeing across our product portfolio, but particularly with the vívofit activity tracker. Offsetting these positive trends, we've reduced our outdoor forecast due primarily to VIRB underperforming our expectations to date. This concludes our formal remarks. We now will move to a period of Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: First question, on the -- Kevin, we'll miss you. In terms of the questions, first, on the restructuring and the repatriation, you have a lot of cash that's sitting on the balance sheet where you can get to it. It's just been piling up. What is the motivation for restructuring now and trying to get, I guess, the incremental $750 million back to where you can use it?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. Thanks, Yair, for the positive comments. I think the key point on the restructuring in terms of now is we've accumulated a sizable amount of cash in the U.S. that just cannot be efficiently repatriated. So we've commented on the fact that this transaction really allows us to take care of that problem in the future, and it gives us the flexibility to have additional cash, as we said, for dividends, buybacks and acquisitions. And the other point here, as I said, if we didn't do something in terms of a transaction, this problem would continue to grow. So as our cash accumulates, so does the cost of moving or repatriating that cash up to our parent company.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Does this, in any way, signal a willingness on your part to return cash more expeditiously to investors?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think it really just gives us, again, flexibility. We're not prepared to talk about any other increases at this time. But as you've heard from us in the past, we have consistently grown the dividend. We've been more aggressive recently on the buyback, and this just gives us, again, added flexibility.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. On the automotive piece of the business, it looks like maybe PND volumes were down mid-single digits in the quarter compared to the 15% or 20% that you've guided for the year. Why do you think the quarter shook out differently? Was there channel inventory building? Did you gain share? Have you seen anything in the end markets that suggest that maybe the market is stabilizing faster than you expected?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yair, this is Cliff. The market itself has performed pretty much as we had predicted, so there's really no change in dynamics there. We have gained some market share, particularly in North America, which has helped offset some of that. But our volumes are down more than what the revenue implies. The performance beat in the overall category is due to growth in OEM revenues, which were healthy, as well as the effective deferred revenue on the margins and the revenue.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Kevin, just a couple more questions on the tax restructuring. First, I know you said that this year it's going to be 15.2%. But does this, in any way, impact your tax rate on the operations on a go-forward basis in '16 and beyond?
Kevin S. Rauckman: No. We're expecting that, go forward, we would be neutral, if not better, on the overall tax rate as we go forward both into 2015 and 2016. So that's another benefit. To be able to do this restructuring right now at this point is to allow us to have some benefit in the future.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just to clarify, is that neutral to better than the 15.2% or on the 17%, I think, previously?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. I think we haven't given or don't plan to give guidance in the future, at this point, but it should be on the lower number.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then, does this, in any way, change the restrictions around your ability to repurchase shares, i.e. can you possibly bring the ownership stake of the founders above that 45% that you've typically been comfortable staying below?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. It really doesn't change that because that's a consistent law that's there in terms of the -- what you call the CFC rules, so it's 10% U.S. shareholders. So that still is in place. But I think, again, we've been more aggressive in recent quarters to go ahead and buy back just due to the fact that we have some overhead there to be able to give us some flexibility to buyback.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And just last question, pretty specific. On the inventory reserve for the action camera, do you have an amount on that and/or what the impact was on the operating margin in outdoor for the quarter?
Kevin S. Rauckman: We would just say our overall gross margins in outdoor were a little bit below last year, and the primary reason is because of the inventory reserves. So it would have been more in line with what we've seen in the past on the reserves that we put in place.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Maybe check on -- firstly, on fitness. If you can give us a sense of the sustainability of gross margins in this segment, considering that the competition seems to be intensifying as we look at what is becoming a very crowded segment for the back half. And then in outdoor, we understand that VIRB is not doing well, but it wasn't a meaningful part of revenue. So is there anything else weighing on the segment on a year-over-year basis?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I'll first address the margin sustainability on the fitness side. We've been very pleased with the fact that we're in the mid-60s on gross margin on our fitness business. And if you look at a typical seasonality, not just on fitness, but across our business, we're expecting to have some decline in gross margin as we go through the holiday selling season. So we do special promotions and pricing activity with our key retail customers, and we're expecting to do that with the fitness business as we go through Q4.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And the outdoor segment, maybe just on what's -- what else can be done there. And I think, if I look at the action camera market, will advertising be enough to drive growth there? Is the product competitive enough? Do you have a sense of maybe the price elasticity of the demand for action cameras? And are there other things that you can do to stimulate demand?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Mark, in terms of outdoor, there's a lot of moving pieces there. Some of the traditional segments of the market are mature and have been in some slight decline in recent years. So there's some pressure there. We also had a very strong comparable last year, particularly in the golf area, as there was a lot of promotional activity around the S1 watch. So we have been tracking softer in the golf category because of the heavy promotions from last year. In terms of the action camera market, we've noted before and everybody realizes that it's a market with an entrenched competitor, so definitely, we view this as a marathon activity as opposed to a sprint. We believe it will take some time, focusing on both product innovation and also increasing our level of advertising promotions and in-store exposures so that we can build share over time.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Kevin, in capital returns, you already have 100% of your free cash flow committed to dividends and share repurchases. Does the restructuring give you some thought of maybe doing a big ASR? Maybe, Kevin, that will be a great going-away present for investors.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Mark, you're funny. That's good. I think, again, we would not commit to anything specific. In terms of a dividend, the board takes an action on that once a year, so you would expect to hear from us as we close out 2014 and get into 2015 in terms of what our future dividend is. I did say that we've been more aggressive on the buyback, and I think we could continue to give back to shareholders through that means. And then, finally, I mean, we've talked about acquisitions, but this does free up some additional cash at the parent company that will allow us to be a little bit more open to buying back companies -- or excuse me, buying companies as we go forward.
Operator: And we'll go next to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to first clarify that the inventory write-down you took in outdoor was just specific to the VIRB. And then, another question on that product was, if you can update us on where you are in building out the channel there. I think it initially started with more of a focus on big-box retailers in the online channel, but was curious how far you are at this point in terms of expanding into outlets like ski shops or surf shops, where you haven't had much of a presence historically.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, first of all, on the inventory reserve, yes, it was exclusively for the VIRB, just given our reduced forecast for the year. And then, I'll let Cliff answer on the outdoor market.
Clifton A. Pemble: We're still continuing to build out the retail channel in VIRB and specifically focusing on increasing our presence at the retail level, both at big-box stores, as well as specialty stores where we're very strong.
Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then a question on the fitness segment. Can you comment on how much of the strength in the quarter for vívofit specifically was due to channel fill versus sell-through? And any visibility you have into channel inventory levels would be helpful as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: There was still some sell-in taking place in early second quarter. But as we close the quarter, we feel very comfortable with where the inventory in the channel sits, and we feel like the reorders are where we expected them to be at this time. We -- like any kind of consumer category, we expect that the back half of the year is where a lot of the volume will be driven, so we're preparing for that.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I also wanted just to quickly point out, in the fitness market, while the vívofit has done well both in sell-in and sell-through, our other fitness categories, both running and cycling, delivered part of that growth as well. So it wasn't just a one-product strength. We've seen strength pretty much across the entire fitness segment.
Simona Kiritsov Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. And then just one last question on the PND segment. I wanted to see if you can comment just more broadly, if you have a view on why the market as a whole has been doing a little better than expected initially. And also, just on the modeling side, what was the contribution of deferred to your EPS in the quarter?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think, Simona, the market really, we view, is performing largely in line with what we had predicted. We're still going through a period of secular declines. Some geographies are doing better than others, and we're performing better in some cases because of market share gains. So we really don't view it as a significant trend change. In terms of effective -- of EPS, we believe there's about $0.07 on a year-over-year basis.
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Ho with William Blair.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just as a follow-up to that question around the PND side. You've said that some geographies are doing better than others. I mean, is this a reference to the European declines slowing? Or in terms of this quarter, you're seeing some improvement in some geographies relative to others?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think, in Europe, it's true that some countries have been performing better than others on average. And we really don't see a significant change in that trend, but there are still some areas, particularly areas within Europe as well as North America, where the declines are still more steep than the average.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And then, in terms of the marine business, how should we be thinking about sort of performance in the back half of the year? I know it's typically a little bit more of a first half of a -- typical product seasonality. Can you maybe give us a sense of what your thoughts are there in terms of the growth drivers?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think our new products will still be the primary growth driver into the back half of the year. There will be some promotional activities going on in the back half towards Christmas. And also, OEM customers tend to start ramping up their product lines midyear, leading up to the end of the year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: And as Cliff and I both talked about, Fusion is a part of our marine growth in the back half of the year, too, so the acquisition that just closed at the end of June. And we expect to get some revenues as we conclude the year this year.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And just the last one for me is -- you guys talked about sort of the intensifying competition in fitness. How much have you sort of factored that into guidance? I mean, are you operating under the assumption that things get more competitive, about the same level as what they are today? I just wanted to get a sense of how you're thinking about that relative to guidance.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we absolutely feel like there'll be increased competition into the back half of the year. The activity tracking market in particular is very competitive. We expect existing competitors to introduce new products, and expect new competitors to come on the market. So that is factored into our overall outlook.
Operator: We'll go next to Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: My best wishes, Kevin, and welcome, Doug. So I wanted to start with geographic mix. So I noticed that you had a lot of growth in APAC and Europe in the quarter, and I think that influenced the tax rate. Can you talk maybe a little bit about how you're building distribution for some of these new categories? And is that influencing the growth to a great degree that you're entering some geographies where you weren't before with products where you weren't there before?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think it's mostly around just the overall market performance in those areas. Keep in mind that APAC is where a significant amount of our OEM revenues are recognized, so as a result, some of that growth is due to that. And we are doing better in places like China as well, which is driving some growth. But Europe is just generally doing better than what it's done in the past few years. And particularly in our outdoor and fitness areas, Europe has delivered good growth for us.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: And the second question for me is on vívofit. I wonder if you can maybe give us a flavor of where you are today in terms of distribution, maybe in sort of door count. You don't have to give me a number, but just to compare where you are today versus where you expect to be by the end of the year.
Clifton A. Pemble: We feel like we're very well positioned, where we had hoped to be at the beginning of the year. We feel like we have almost every major big-box and specialty retailer committed to the product line in the category. So at this point, I feel like we've accomplished what we set out to do.
Operator: We'll go next to John Bright with Avondale Partners.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Cliff, let me follow up on that last question regarding the vívofit. If you felt like you're -- you've accomplished what you wanted to do, we've changed guidance. And I think, largely related to the VIRB -- if I said vívofit, I apologize saying it, largely related to VIRB. Maybe you can talk about -- I don't think you'll probably talk about your own competitive shortcomings. Maybe you can talk about what your competitor is doing well, albeit very early in this market entry.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think the last question was about vívofit, so I think my comments were around what we set out to do in vívofit we have accomplished. I think we've been very transparent about the fact that we have not met our expectations on VIRB. And I think the reasons for that are well known. We believe we have a superior product with great technical features, very competitive, and customers that are picking up the product really love and appreciate what it does. But it is a market that has a very strongly entrenched competitor, and in any situation like that, it is challenging to capture market share. So we know that's the position we're in, and that's what we've been saying.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: My mistake, pardon me. The OEM contribution in the PND segment this quarter, how meaningful?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think, we never give specific numbers on the subsegments, but it was double-digit growth. And that was a nice increase for us during Q2.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And I know this question was somewhat asked a second ago, but I want to try it a different way, Kevin. Is there any -- I guess, people are trying to get at why now on the restructuring plan?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, let me try to reemphasize the fact that we needed to be able to move cash to the parent company, and the cost of doing a transaction, whether it's today or a year in the future or 2 years in the future, was going to continue to grow. And this, again, gives us the ability to kind of correct the one inefficiency in our structure that we've had actually since we created the company in 1989. So this has existed from the very beginning. We've always been a foreign-owned company with global businesses around the world. And this just takes, again, the one inefficiency out of the equation and gives us the ability to move forward much more effectively on repatriating earnings.
Operator: We'll go next to James Faucette with Morgan Stanley.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Before I forget, thanks a lot for all your work, Kevin. Good luck. Just a quick question on auto and PNDs. Cliff, you talked about that PNDs had performed a bit better or basically in line, at least from a unit perspective, with your outlook, but autos have been better. Can you give a little color what's going on in the in-dash market relative to your expectations? Is the mix better? Or are you seeing higher attach rates? Just looking for a little color on kind of what's helping things go better in that segment than expected.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we're seeing growth across a number of product categories that we offer in OEMs. We have a very strong relationship with BMW on the motorcycle side. That has contributed to growth. We have a relationship with VW that has been driving growth in that particular car segment. And we're also seeing increases from both our relationships with Chrysler, as well as Suzuki, and then, finally, new deliveries with Daimler.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And so relative to your expectations and planning though, is -- are you seeing better volumes from any of the -- from those or -- I mean, in terms of absolute numbers? Or is it the attach rate within those that's going better?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we've seen better performance in some of those customer accounts than what we expected, although we would expect that, that will probably level out towards the back half of the year. So some of our growth projections we've done internally in the -- in this particular category were front-half loaded.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then, just a couple of housekeeping questions. First, on the lower tax rate that you're anticipating for the full year. I guess it's been implied, but I just want to make sure I'm understanding correctly. That -- is this primarily the result of a greater percentage of revenue and earnings coming from overseas, firstly? And secondly, do you anticipate that, that kind of geographic mix will persist?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. Actually, it's a couple of things. It is the fact that our European and Asia Pacific businesses did well. It's also the specific segments that we see growth in. So I think you know, James, that our aviation business is actually owned in the U.S. company, and all of our consumer products are owned, from a technology perspective, outside the U.S. And so when we have businesses like fitness do very well, most of those profits come out a little bit lower tax rate than our average tax rate on the company. And that's what drives down the rate, it's when we have strong performance in those segments.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. That's really helpful, Kevin. And kind of last question, the tax payment of $300 million roughly, can you give us an idea of expected timing of that payment, first? And second, is that -- are you treating that tax payment as kind of a onetime event? And hence, is that excluded from your EPS guidance and outlook?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, absolutely. We'll be -- we'll give more detail in our third quarter because we are expecting this transaction to be posted to our third quarter earnings. It is onetime in nature, and we will pro forma that onetime tax payment out, as we go through the next year. So part of the tax will be paid in -- I'll just confirm, part of the tax will be paid in 2014, but a large piece will also be paid in 2015 as well.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And I know I promised that's the last question, but this is really my last, last question. Is the -- you mentioned that you have $79 million in buyback authorization remaining. Can you remind us, can that be -- can a new authorization amount be introduced or that increased, really, any time? Or does that need to happen in a board meeting kind of once a year, similar to dividends?
Kevin S. Rauckman: So we've always -- in the last several years, we always had an authorized buyback plan in place. So if we were to burn through the $79 million, I think you would expect that our board would approve another plan, but it will always have that flexibility to buy back in market -- as market conditions allow us to.
James E. Faucette - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: But in terms of timing, you can do that kind of whenever you see fit?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. We don't have to -- there's no timing constraint there.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Kevin, I wish you best of luck. Two questions. First, I think you may have answered this a bit, but in relation to the OEM business, so a lot of the growth this year is front-end loaded. But should we think about that portion of auto/mobile as it leads to the point now where it's kind of consistent year-over-year growth, do you have that much visibility, and just a little bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter? Or could we still see years that are flat to down based on wins or losses? And then within that auto/mobile segment, can you at least comment on what you think the global PND sell-through trend was in Q2, roughly? Is that still in the down 15%, 20%? Or do you think that has improved as well? And then, final question. In the press release, Cliff, you mentioned, in the second half of the year, increased advertising to support new product categories. Just wanted to confirm that -- whether or not that was new product categories that already exist but are new in the last year or if we should expect new product categories that have not been launched yet for launch later this year?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So we'll try to tackle all the questions there. In terms of the OEM outlook, we're not prepared to give guidance in that particular subsegment. But I would say that it is a smaller percentage of revenues in the overall auto/mobile category. And consequently, even though it can perform well, it's probably not going to move the needle without some help from other areas, which is what we've talked about with the deferred revenue piece. The deferred revenue piece, we've kind of reached a point where it has had a maximum contribution there, and going forward, that will change because of the way that we've deferred revenue over the past 3 to 5 years. So the segment itself could again turn negative. We would probably expect that as the PND volumes continue to decline. In terms of the global trends, again, I think our outlook there is that the market would be down in the 17% to 20% range, and that's consistent with the underlying trends we see in our business when you strip out the effects of the added market share gains that we've had. And finally, in terms of increased advertising, we're planning to promote heavily our already announced products in the market this coming fall, so that is primarily where we're focusing our energy. In terms of new things, we always have new things that we're doing. We're not prepared to talk about those right now, but we do have a pipeline of innovation that we're cultivating and will result in new products as well.
Operator: We'll go next to Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Kevin, good luck. Couple of questions. The first, could you talk to the TAM or your thoughts on market sizes when you look at wellness and action camera? And any thoughts on the relative growth rates of those industries? And then, the second, any updates on timing or availability of vívokí and whether or not that is reflected in your updated fitness targets?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. In terms of total addressable market on activity trackers, last year, we estimated that market to be about a 5 million unit market. It is in a stage of hyper-growth, so we would expect that to roughly double this coming year. In terms of the VIRB action camera, last year, a very similar story in terms of numbers, about 5 million units. And the growth last year, I believe was probably close to double. We expect that market to moderate somewhat this coming year due to the various maturity levels of the market in the channel and the competitors that are there. But it's still very healthy market. In terms of vívokí, one of your questions, that product is scheduled to be released in the later half of this year. That product, though, is targeted more towards B2B opportunities. So at this point, it doesn't really factor in, in terms of a big needle mover. Most of our outlook in fitness is driven by all of the new products and particularly vívofit, which is doing well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go next to Brad Erickson with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups. First, given the nice growth in the OEM revenues during the first half, can you give us an update on that part of the business' profitability maybe relative to the segment overall and how we should be thinking about that going forward?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, actually, we did see -- because of a nice pickup in auto OEM revenue, we did see that we've made money in the quarter. If you look past -- back in the past several quarters, we've been investing heavily in the R&D side, and sales were not at a level where we were making money. But we did make operating profits -- a small amount of operating profits in Q2, so that was a nice trend change in our business.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And any comment on kind of how we should be thinking about profitability in that going forward?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, again, we won't give details from underneath the auto/mobile segment in general. But I think we're still on a period where we're exploring and trying to win new business there, so I wouldn't expect a significant change. We've said that, at scale, if we could -- if we can get to a much higher scale, we would expect that, that operating margin would be close to 10%. We're nowhere near that, and that would be more of a longer-term goal than a short-term goal.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's helpful. And then, I think you've talked in the past something around -- and I apologize if I'm off on this number, but 100 new products or somewhere along those lines in 2014. Given you guys clearly have the drive to continue to innovate and come out with new products here, have you accelerated the number of new product launches you expect or changed those plans at all since the last quarter?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think in a simple word, yes, we've accelerated, and we are driving growth through new product introductions.
Operator: We'll go next to Jeremy David with Citi.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I have a couple of fitness-related questions. First off, great growth this quarter. Fitness revenue was up $67 million year-over-year. Can you guys give us a feel for the contribution of different the product lines here? Kind of maybe you could rank order vívofit versus the cycling products like the Edge 1000 or the Forerunner watches?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think, as we mentioned earlier in our comments, that the growth in fitness was broadly distributed across several product categories. We don't split out details on each product category. But we were pleased with the growth that we saw in vívofit, obviously, but also, in the cycling area, as well as the running area, we saw significant growth.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, great. Great to see that's broad based. On vívofit, I think you said earlier this year that you have aspirations to get to high-single-digit market share this year. Have your aspirations changed materially at this point?
Clifton A. Pemble: Aspirations -- I'm sorry, we probably missed -- aspirations for what kind of market share?
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: For a high-single-digit market share?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think in terms of that, we feel like we've already achieved that. We probably estimate that we have about 10% at this early stage, which, again, we feel like it is a strong start to that particular category.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Great. And finally, 4Q -- you had a great fitness revenue in Q2. Should we expect for Q3 typical seasonality in fitness or maybe a steeper decline than usual because of the channel fill you saw on Q2 on all these new products you're shipping?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think there's a lot of dynamics there because of evolving new products. So we probably can't offer details in terms of what we expect on the overall trends other than what we provided, which is, for the year, we feel like the category will be up around 50%.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up question from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just -- I don't want to beat the restructuring question again, but just can you give us a sense of how much of your free cash flow previously was tied up? And what percentage will be more difficult to repatriate going forward? So kind of what's the delta between the earnings that you have access to now versus before?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think, without giving all the details you're asking, I think, if you look at our U.S. earnings, we had growing U.S. earnings because of the strength of all segments but also, in particular, our aviation business was continuing to grow double digits. And so it was a sizable amount of earnings as opposed to our total free cash flow numbers of approximately $600 million that were -- we would never -- we were never going to repatriate until we took this action of restructuring. So that's really what it [indiscernible] is to be able to take a significant part of our cash and allows us to move it to the parent to give us opportunity to use it.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I guess my question though was about the go forward. How much of -- maybe I'll ask it a little bit differently. How much of your earnings going forward will still wind up being in jurisdictions where repatriation is going to be difficult?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think I didn't really answer -- understand your question. But it really frees up pretty much everything in the future as we go forward because we have no limitations of a very high tax rate, withholding tax rate. And we can move that up very tax efficiently in the future. So again, it would solve the one issue that we've had in the past and not really tie up anything with trapped cash, so to speak.
Operator: With no additional questions, I'd like to turn the call back to management for any additional or closing comments.
Kerri Thurston: Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. And we will look forward to follow-up calls with many of you and speaking to you and seeing you at conferences over the course of the next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: And that does conclude this call. Again, thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director of Investor Relations Clifton A. Pemble - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, President of Garmin International Inc, President of Garmin USA Inc and President of Garmin AT Inc Kevin S. Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Treasurer of Garmin International Inc, Treasurer of Garmin Usa Inc, Director of Garmin International Inc and Director of Garmin USA Inc
Analysts: Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Matthew P. McKee - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Garmin First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and the related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/doc. An archive of the webcast and a related transcript will also be available on our website later today. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K filed with the SEC. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and CEO; and Kevin Rauckman, CFO and Treasurer. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier this morning, Garmin reported strong first quarter revenue and margin performance, with revenue, operating income and pro forma EPS growth. Consolidated revenues increased 10% year-over-year, with revenue from Aviation, Fitness, Marine and Outdoor growing 22% on a combined basis. These segments contributed 58% of the total revenue and 75% of the operating profit in the first quarter. Gross margins improved year-over-year to 57% from 52% in 2013 due to the amortization of previously deferred revenue and improved segment mix. Operating margins were 21%, an increase from 15% in prior year. This resulted in operating income growth of 51% on a consolidated basis, with each segment contributing. These strong results allowed us to generate $0.55 of pro forma EPS in the quarter, an increase of 38% over 2013. Kevin will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but first I'll walk through a review of our results segment-by-segment. Beginning with the Fitness segment, revenue grew 38% on a year-over-year basis, as our new running products performed well and we began shipping our vívofit activity tracker. We delivered gross and operating margins of 64% and 33%, respectively. Operating income grew 68% in the quarter as the operating margin extended by almost 600 basis points due to higher sales. The launch of the vívofit in the first quarter has gone well, and we expect it to be a driver growth for the remainder of the year as the wellness market rapidly expands. In cycling, we announced the Edge 1000, a high-end solution that sets a new standard for cycling computers. The Edge 1000 features a large sunlight-readable color display, passive touch, competitive segment capabilities and smartphone connectivity. Finally, while we are currently expressing a period of strong growth fueled by new products, we see additional opportunities we can capture in both the short- and long-term. With this outlook in mind, we've increased our R&D investment in Fitness to support future innovation and robust pipeline of new products and services that are yet to come. In Aviation, we posted revenue growth of 19%, with both OEM and aftermarket product categories contributing to the growth. Operating income grew 38% in the quarter, ahead of revenue growth, due to the improvement in both gross and operating margins. While these are strong results, we continue to face a challenging market as new aircraft sales remained below historical levels. Throughout the quarter, we extended our aftermarket product portfolio to include portable weather receivers, angle of attack technology and additional radar altimeter solutions. These additions have allowed us to expand the addressable market for Garmin in the aftermarket space. Another introduction in the quarter was the G3X Touch, designed for the light-sport aircraft market. The G3X has already achieved strong acceptance of light-sport OEMs with 5 partners offering the product on 13 different models. Finally, we also expanded our relationship with Cessna to include the CJ3+ and the Alpine Edition CJ2+, which will now offer Garmin's G3000 cockpit system. Revenue in the Marine segment grew 19% in the quarter, due to the introduction of new products and a weak comparable from the first quarter of 2013. Profitability improved in the first quarter. However, the pricing environment remains competitive resulting in margins below historical levels. I'm pleased to report that we delivered our new products for 2014 ahead of the buying season and anticipate gaining market share with these strong offerings. While industry activity is far below historical levels, we remain committed to innovation that will lead to long-term improvement in market share and profitability. Looking at Outdoor. Revenues grew 10%, with each major product category contributing. Gross and operating margins remained strong in this segment at 61% and 28%, respectively. During the quarter, we introduced the fenix 2 and the PRO series of dog training collars. The fenix 2 builds on the capabilities of the original fenix by adding advanced fitness training features and smartphone connectivity. The PRO series of dog training collars expands our offerings for the sport dog category with the integration of proven Tri-Tronics technology and new features for the dog trainer. Finally, in Outdoor, we wanted to provide an update on our progress in the action camera market. To-date, market share gains have developed more slowly than planned due to the relative maturity of the market and the existence of strong well-entrenched competitors. However, we entered this market because we believe we have unique innovations to offer customers pursuing active lifestyles. With this in mind, we are increasing promotional activities to support our current offerings, we are also stepping up our R&D investment to develop the next generation of action cameras. In our Auto/Mobile segment, revenues were down 4% in the quarter. The PND unit volumes declining at a global rate of almost 20%, which is in line with our expectations. This decline was partially offset by growth in OEM, as well as the amortization of previously deferred revenues. The segment remains highly profitable with growth in operating margins of 47% and 13%, respectively, and we continue to experience gains in global market share. As indicated in our February guidance, we expect the 2014 PND market to decline approximately 20% on a global basis. This will be partially offset by growth properties in OEM, RVs, dash cameras and other specialty automotive products. As a final note for this segment, the Garmin equipped Mercedes E-Class is now shipping. The selection of Garmin navigation in Mercedes vehicles is a strong vote of confidence in our offerings and capabilities as an OEM supplier. We plan to build on this momentum as we pursue additional opportunities for our OEM software and hardware solutions. Finally, while results in the first quarter exceeded our expectations, it is also the weakest quarter, with a large portion of the year still ahead. With this in mind, we will update guidance after the second quarter according to our typical practice, when we anticipate having improved visibility on the PND market trends and our progress in new product categories. I'd like to touch briefly on the CFO transitions. As you recall on February, Kevin announced his plan to leave the CFO role by the end of this year. Speaking generally, I feel good about our progress so far, and I'm confident in our ability to affect a smooth transition as we've planned since the beginning. That concludes my remarks. Kevin will now walk through our Q1 financial results in more detail. Kevin?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Thank you, Cliff, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our financial results and then move to summary comments on both the balance sheet and the cash flow. So we posted revenue of $583 million for the quarter, with pro forma net income of $108 million. Our pro forma EPS was $0.55 per share, excluding the FX gain in during the quarter. Our revenue represents an increase of 10% year-over-year, as previously highlighted by Cliff. Gross margin was strong at 57%, a 480-basis-point increase from prior year, driven by the segment mix with improved margins in each segment and the amortization of previously deferred revenues. Operating margin was 21%, an increase of 560 basis points from the prior year. This is the result of the gross margin favorability of 480 basis points, as well as the operating expense favorability of 80 basis points. The total operating expenses did increase by $14 million, or 7%. Each of the operating expense categories will be discussed in detail on a later slide. Our effective tax rate increased to 16.6% in the quarter, with the prior year rate positively impacted by a $6.3 million benefit from the retroactive reinstatement of the Federal R&D tax credit, which again expired at the end of December 2013. Our pro forma EPS, which is adjusted for the foreign currency gains, $0.55 representing a 38% increase year-over-year. And we shipped 2.5 million units during the quarter, basically flat from our 2013 results. Total company average selling price was $234 per unit, up 10% from $213 in Q1 2013, driven primarily by the segment mix and reduced revenue deferrals. Next, you can see how our first quarter revenue breaks down by segment. I'd just like to briefly highlight the charts on this page, which illustrate the Auto/Mobile segment representing 43% of our total revenue during Q1 of 2014, as each of the non-Auto/Mobile segments grew double digits during the quarter. You can see from the profitability mix by segment that our non-Auto/Mobile segments delivered 75% of operating income in the quarter, equivalent to Q1 2013 due to the margin improvement in Auto/Mobile. I'd like to briefly discuss the year-over-year gross margin changes by segment. Auto/Mobile gross margin increased 47% from 42% in the prior year due primarily to the amortization of higher margins, deferred revenues. In addition, we posted gross margin improvement in each of the non-Auto/Mobile segments. This margin improvement was primarily related to product mix shifting toward new products in Marine, Outdoor and Fitness. In addition, ASP improvement also contributed in Marine and Outdoor, and Aviation margin improvement was primarily due to increased software sales. Total corporate operating margin improved to 21% due to the increased gross margin and revenue growth outpacing the 7% growth of operating expenses, which I will highlight next. Our Q1 operating expenses increased by $14 million, or 7%, on a year-over-year basis in Q1, while decreasing 80 basis points as a percentage of sales, as revenue growth outpaced expense growth. R&D increased $8 million year-over-year while remaining consistent year-over-year at 16.5% sales. We continue to invest in innovation and grow our engineering workforce with resources focused on Aviation, Outdoor and Fitness segments. Our advertising spending increased $2 million over the year ago quarter, while being consistent as a percentage of sales. The additional spending was focused in Outdoor and Marine to support new products and categories. We will continue to manage advertising expenses by segment to match the market opportunities presented by our diverse products. And SG&A was up $4 million compared to the year ago quarter, decreasing 80 basis points as a percentage of sales. We'll continue to manage these expense -- these costs to align with the changing dynamics of our business. And finally, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over $2.8 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $427 million following the holiday quarter. Our inventory balance increased to $442 million on a sequential basis, as we built inventory levels to support the launch of new product categories and in preparation for the seasonally stronger second quarter. We continued to generate strong free cash flow across our business as cash from operations was $71 million during Q1, FX was $15 million. Therefore we generated free cash of $56 million in the quarter. And we also repurchased $33 million in company stock and now have $208 million still authorized to repurchase through December of 2014. This ends our formal remarks on Q1 results. Operator, please open the phone lines for questions at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: A question on the deferred revenue. It seems as though it came in -- the net amount of deferred revenue, a bit higher than I was forecasting. Was there any change in the way that you account for the deferred revenue?
Kevin S. Rauckman: No, we do have expected higher deferred revenue in Q1 because of this being a seasonally weaker period. So the -- so really wasn't any major changes to what we've deferred from the past. And I think, as we go through the year, will see less of a dramatic impact as what we have in Q1.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then, I guess, still trying to figure out the trajectory of the Auto/Mobile business. Can you give me -- give us maybe a sense of what the total non-PND sales were in 2013? And how those non-PND sales might trend this year? So can you kind of back in to what do expect for the PND market?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Are you -- you are referring to just the Auto/Mobile segment specifically?
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Exactly. How much of the Auto/Mobile is non-PND? And what is the absolute kind of trend in 2013 -- 2014 versus '13?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, I think what you're getting at is you want us to document what our Auto OEM businesses is. We just don't make that public. But I would just say the Auto OEM revenues did grow, and we're still expecting our units decline in PND to be around 17% year-over-year, which is what, what we've said in the past. And as we go forth through the full year, I think you'll see our Auto/Mobile segment in total still come down between 10% and 15% on revenue. So really no major changes from what we communicated at the last quarterly earnings call.
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on the Fitness market, particularly with vívofit. It's a very fluid market, there's a lot of sub-segmentation and changing dynamics related to competition, some people leaving, some new people coming in. Just kind of your working assumptions for vívofit unit growth? And how we should also think about ASPs that might actually stimulate the demand further?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think, as Cliff commented, we got off on to a really good start with vívofit. We believe the market is sizable market, roughly about 10 million -- probably about close to 10 million units this year. So being a new player in the Fitness area, the Fitness activity trackers, this is a key part of our growth business in our Fitness segment. However I do want to also just remind people that, while vívofit got off to a great start, the rest of our fitness business also did well, especially in the running category.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Kevin, are you finding that consumers will elect one or the other, a watch or a band? Or are you finding that there's market growth in both segments? How should we kind of think about that on a going forward basis?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we were seeing both. I mean, we've introduced, for example, the recent Forerunner 220 and 620, which have done very well, which is the watch category and that, of course, the vívofit being the band, we think there's a lot of upside there too. so I think, there -- it's not either/or, it's -- we're going to get both from -- growth from both of those sub-segments.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And Outdoor, it seems the outdoor camera, the VIRB, we're kind of rebooting that. Maybe some of the lessons learned from, I guess, the initial launch and how we've not actually gained some share in this market? What happens to the existing products? Are we clearing those out through the channel as we get ready for the new products? Maybe if you could help give us some sense of that would be helpful.
Clifton A. Pemble: Mark, I think as I mentioned in my remarks, we know that the market is mature, and we know that there's entrenched competitors in the market, and therefore it does take some time to penetrate the market, we're viewing this as a marathon rather than a sprint. And so, as I mentioned, we're increasing our promotional activities, we're also increasing our R&D activities to be able to have a robust product pipeline. At this stage, we're focusing on our existing offerings, and I think in the future we'll have additional innovations that we'll bring into market.
Operator: And we'll take our next call from John Bright with Avondale Partners.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Aftermarket demand in Marine and Aviation versus the peak periods, where does this stand today?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think those markets, John, have been down anywhere from 40% to 50% at -- from their highest to their lowest. They're coming off of their lows from where they were, but, obviously, and speaking just generally about industry, the industry took a massive hit as part of the financial crisis. We've been able to outperform that market by taking share, as well as new product offerings that are stimulating demand in those areas.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: In the Marine segment last year, if I recall right, the products -- new products weren't in the market for this quarter but they then actually picked up nicely in the June quarter, and you had good acceptance for the Marine products. Does that make a meaningfully tough comparison for June?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, I mentioned in my remarks that the first quarter of this year was strong, and compared to last year, it was a very weak comparable. So going forward, we do face the stronger comparables of last year that we're comping against.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: On the Auto side of the equation, you mentioned growth in OEM in the quarter. And then in prepared text talk, it seemed like you are trying about some optimism around the OEM business looking forward. Is there any additional tactical information that you can share with us?
Clifton A. Pemble: We don't have any substantial information we can share at this time. We continue to manage a robust pipeline of business development. And we do have progress that we're making in the segment as well, with our credibility as a Tier 1 software and infotainment supplier. So it's a slow-moving industry, but in general, I feel positive about the progress we've made to date.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Another question, geographically, it looks like EMEA, it was the strongest market for you. What were the products that were leading that strength?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, it's very interesting. EMEA did well across all of the different segments. I think, the one -- maybe the one positive surprise is the PND decline in EMEA was a little bit lower than what we had anticipated going in, that even in the Outdoor, the Fitness and the Marine businesses all did well in Europe.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Jonathan Ho with William Blair.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just wanted to understand a little bit better. Like, you've talked in, I believe, both the Fitness, Outdoor and Auto segments about increasing some of the investments around R&D, as well as marketing spend. Can you maybe give us a sense around magnitude for that spending increase? As well as where you expect to sort of redirect that spending?
Clifton A. Pemble: Generally speaking, we're trying to manage the investment within the sales growth that we're experiencing. Obviously, in some areas that are very new, we have to ramp it up much more aggressively. But on average, that's what we're trying to accomplish.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And then just in terms of, I guess, the progress with the VIRB, what's been sort of the feedback that you've gotten from the channel? Is this fully deployed in all of the mass market channels at this point? And just wanted to get a sense from you as to what do you think are some of the issues that will sort of help accelerate that growth over time?
Clifton A. Pemble: I feel that our deployment in mass market is probably light, compared to where we had wished to be. I think we're in a few of the smaller Outdoor retail stores, but we have yet to get placement in some of the larger big box retailers. And so product placement has obviously been an issue. As well as, as I mentioned before, I think the existence of entrenched competitors in this market is a factor.
Operator: And our next call is from Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: Just starting on Fitness, I wonder if you guys could talk about sort of channel fill and maybe sell-in versus sell-through. Obviously, it was sort of a partial shipping of vívofit. What was sort of the spend dynamic there? Is this a partial quarter? Just all those dynamics to help us understand the growth rate and -- versus what we should see going forward?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, I think our -- as you point out, our sell-in on vívofit has just started partially in the quarter. It's still very early in the life cycle of this product and in the year, but I would say that we're encouraged by the sell-through reports that we're hearing from the field. I think, as Kevin mentioned, our strongest contributor to growth in the Fitness segment was our strong running product line and, of course, those have been out now for a while. And there's really no issue of sell-in, sell-through going on there. We feel like it's strong demand from customers that are pulling that product through.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: And then, you mentioned some pricing pressure on Marine. I wondered if this is a nagging issues or a structural issue? Or if you feel like it's temporary and cyclical in nature?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it depends on what your time frame is for how you evaluate, whether it's short-term or long-term. The way we see it is that the market has experienced a lot of challenging conditions and competitors are vying for the business that's there and that's put pressure on pricing. We're seeing, as you've seen in our results, the margins come up as we've introduced new products and innovations. So we feel like over the long-term, it can move back towards where we were, but we are not, at this point, overly optimistic that, that will come in the short-term.
Operator: Our next question is from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: One question I had on vívofit, in particular, is when you look at this market, the wellness opportunity, how do you view your position from either a market share standpoint? Or how big do you think you can be within that? And then kind of what's the backlog look like? It looks like there's extended lead times today. Does that can have any impact on when this vívoki can launch? Then I have follow-up as well.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay. So we feel like the market is very fragmented, as you pointed out, but we entered these markets with the intention of being leaders. We are cautious in terms of how much market share that we can get in both the short-term and the long-term, if the market's very fragmented. Our experience in the PND market is that, in a highly fragmented and growing market, your ability to capture large amount of shares early is more challenging. But we again, feel like this is a market where we offer a lot of value and capability and, therefore, we're going to be continuing to work on our innovation and the products that we're offering.
Kevin S. Rauckman: And maybe a follow-up. We're just a couple of months into the sell-in of the vívofit and backlogs have continued to remain pretty strong. So we'll have to -- continue to manage that as we go forward in the next couple of quarters. But so far, the trends looks pretty positive.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: And then follow-up, commented on new products, new categories within the prepared remarks. Any detail you could provide as you think about new categories not necessarily what they are? But any thoughts on how those cam opportunities may compare with some of the recently introduced products and markets that you've entered? Are these comparable opportunities? How do you think about those market sizes?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think, really no specifics at this time. We continue to search for opportunities in closely related adjacent spaces to where we are. And as you know, many of our businesses are niche focused in general, and so we're continuing to search for those kinds of opportunities.
Operator: And our next question is with Ron Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's actually Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron. So a few quarters ago, you guys have said it may take a few years to get Aviation margins to the 30s level again. And in this quarter, Aviation margins were 30%. So can you give us more color on what drove Aviation margin strength? Is it volume, timing of R&D spend, sales mix? And how should we think about the cadence of these items for the year?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think it's all 3, it's all of the above. I think when you see a 19% growth rate, that's above what our full year guidance is. It's a very of much volume dependent business and since we have strong revenue growth that helps. But our gross margins also grew and then pricing and the new business opportunities, I think are -- has helped us hit 30%. So we want to be, I think, cautious in the fact that we were excited about that type of profitability, but it doesn't necessarily mean it's a trend. We'll have to just see how Aviation progresses throughout the rest of this year.
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So would it be fair to say that if business jet volumes actually do recover then 30% is kind of the new watermark for Aviation margins?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it probably requires more than just that. Of course, that would be helpful but the retrofit market needs to continue to perform well. And again, from our expense point of view, we're growing R&D and we're also comping against Qs 2 through 4 last year which were very strong. So I think all of those are factors that are in the mix.
Operator: And our next call is -- question is from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Kevin, I know it's kind of difficult to predict the deferred revenue. But if we look at last year, Q1, you pulled off a significant amount of revenue from the balance sheet in Q1. And then the deferred revenue balance kind of stabilized through the rest of the year. Is that a reasonable case scenario for this year? Or is there some other pattern that we should be thinking about as we try to forecast this Auto/Mobile segment?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think it is similar to that because Q1 being our lightest quarter from a PND shipment, and that has an impact on the results. And so we are -- we also hit a threshold were about 80% of all of our PND units now have lifetime map, lifetime traffic, so we defer that percentage. That really hasn't changed. As we go through Q2, Q3 and Q4, we should see a decrease in the amount of amortized revenues that we're going to experience. So I think, it's pretty -- I think you're trend is probably pretty close.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And I appreciate you don't want to give the OEM revenues, but I was also hoping to ask around the question a little bit, maybe get a little more clarification. The shipments into the Mercedes, that is for turn-by-turn navigation app, correct? And I just wanted to make sure if that was revenue booked in the first quarter related to that? Or is that happening starting in the second quarter?
Clifton A. Pemble: The revenue was booked in the first quarter for Mercedes. It is a software application.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And that -- then the revenue rec for that is upon the shipment from the OEM?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think...
Kevin S. Rauckman: No...
Clifton A. Pemble: No, it's when we ship it.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Right. Revenue recognition is when we sell into that -- into the channel.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes.
Matthew P. McKee - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc., Research Division: And then are you willing to give kind of an aggregate percentage of the Auto/Mobile business that made up, not just of OEM, but also of some of the specialty PND products that you think there's some growth in -- in dash cam and other kind of products that there might be growth in?
Kevin S. Rauckman: No, we really won't break it down below that. I think, the PND still makes up the vast majority of our Auto/Mobile segments and Auto OEM, obviously, as we said, did grow, and then you mentioned dash cam, that those are more, I would say, niche opportunities for us to grow that segment, but we don't -- we won't quantify how much that is.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Great. And final question, Cliff, I think you guys kind of run the business from an investment standpoint on a project-by-project basis. But I was wondering if there is a kind of an operating margin target or level that we should be thinking about in Fitness and Outdoor, given what appears to be all kinds of new opportunities for growth, given the improvements in sensor technology and wireless and excitement about wearables, et cetera?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think for the traditional businesses and product segments that we served in Fitness and Outdoor, we still target the margin profile that we've historically had in those businesses with gross margins, in the 60s range and the operating margins in the 30s arrange. As those market segments have new categories and also there's some expansion of the market size as we move down to more beginning customers, if you will, especially in Fitness, the margin profile will definitely come down. Especially in the Fitness market, as the wellness market gets competitive and pricing we would expect to come down in the long-term. That will tend to weigh on the margins in Fitness.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: But no specific target operating margin level. So when you're investing in R&D and sales and marketing, it's not around an envelope of operating margin target, it's more project-by-project?
Clifton A. Pemble: No, it's really, I would call it, opportunities and the ability to penetrate new segments in the market and serve more customers.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Just to clarify, Tavis, you want question on the Auto OEM. Let me just make sure everybody understands the revenue recognition. We recognize revenue on any of our Auto OEM deals on a vehicle-by-vehicle. So for Mercedes, for example, we take revenue for the number of cars that they're selling, and it's not one lump sum payment that we get, it's vehicle-by-vehicle.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our next question is from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It's Doug Clark for Simona Jankowski. One more question on the deferral impact. I think last quarter you had mentioned that you expect the full impact on the EPS basis to be about $0.20 to $0.30, probably about $0.30. It looks like on my math, the full impact in the first quarter was pretty much $0.20. So for the full year, do you expect the impact to be larger than the former guidance? And again, if so, really why was the first quarter so outside?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, actually the first quarter impact was about $0.16 after net income tax effect. So as I said earlier, we're expecting that number to decline over the next couple of quarters. So there's really no major change from our earlier expectations of up to as much as $0.30 for the year.
Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great, that's helpful. And then one more follow-up on the VIRB. In association with the promotion and advertising spending that's going on, does that mean that you will expand the channel and distribution ahead of the next generation VIRB product? Or would that be something that you would wait to do until the next generation comes out?
Clifton A. Pemble: No we're working to expand the distribution.
Douglas Clark - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then one more quick follow-up actually. With about $200 million left in the repurchase, do you expect to fully execute that by the end of 2014?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, we would just -- it's hard to predict what the rest of the year is going to look like. But we have been in the market pretty much every day, so we will likely be more aggressive, as we said earlier, to buy back stock this year. Whether we get all the way through it, it's hard to predict at this point.
Operator: And our next question is from Jeremy David with Citi.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two questions. First on Outdoor. Margins were very strong in Q1, and to me that's confirming that categories you have been in for a while are doing well, but VIRB is not doing that well. But, excluding VIRB, what really drove this strength in your Auto portfolio in Q1? I know you're expecting that strength to last for the rest of the year. And finally, considering the weaker VIRB revenue that you're now expecting, it's 10% to 15% growth for Outdoor in '14 still on the table? Or that might not be achievable?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think if you look at the entire categories of our Outdoor segment, dog tracking and training, the golf products, just the traditional handhelds markets. Excluding the VIRB, those are all very high margin products. So, we -- that's really what drove the operating result -- operating margin results for the quarter. In terms of your question on full year guidance as we said earlier, we're not planning to give any adjustment to our earlier expectations. Outdoor came in at plus 10%. We've said 10% to 15% for the full year, so we will plan to update not only our total company but also the Outdoor segment after Q2.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And if I can have a follow-up on -- could you comment on the inventory situation across your businesses. I think, TomTom had a good Q1 yesterday, part of it was channel fill for PNDs. Could you comment about PND inventories broadly speaking? And maybe anything out of the normal in terms of inventory for your other products across all businesses?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, no real changes to the inventory cycles. PND is a matured business. We're very much watching both sell-in and sell-through, we don't have any major risks there. And inventory in general, I think, the key driver of our inventory increase was really preparing ourselves for the, as I said, seasonally strong Q2 with bringing to market like vívofit, the marine products and others.
Operator: And our next question is with Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Cliff, I was hoping you could expand on your comments about the action camera market being mature. I mean, it seemed like to me one of the opportunities, big opportunities for Garmin in this market is as that sort of niche product in the extreme sport arena expanded into more mass markets like aviation, marine, swimming, cycling, where you are so strong there was an opportunity for you to capture share without necessarily having to take share from the existing markets. And so just I'm a little confused by the use of the word mature. Do you not see any underlying market growth in action cameras, or why do you describe it as mature?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, you're probably touching on a couple of different dynamics there. The action camera market has existed for several years now. And so right now, there's really no credible documentation on what the market size is and what the growth is. But it would appear to us based on the fact that these devices are used in a lot of highly active, extreme lifestyles that the market, being in existence for a while, is probably more in a flatter growth right now than hyper growth type of a mode. And that's one dynamic. But in terms of share, that's a different dynamic. Yes, it's true that we do serve all those different markets, and we do see strong interest and acceptance of our product, particularly in those niche market areas like aviation and marine where we are very strong. And so we see encouraging signs there. Whereas a lot of the more mass market distribution and the mass market customer is weaker than we like. So those are really the dynamics around the comments that I made.
Operator: And our next question is from Brad Erickson with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: First, the press release, and you guys have mentioned that the business generally exceeded expectations in -- your own expectations in Q1. Can you corner just rank order maybe the top couple of segments that contributed in terms of being so meaningfully ahead of those initial expectations?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, clearly, Fitness has performed very, very well, and so that was 1 driver. I think Auto/Mobile is our largest segment, performed ahead of our expectations and made big differences there as well. Aviation performed well. So I'd say those are top 3 and, of course, we're pleased with our performance in Marine as well, and Outdoor did, respectively. So across the board, we feel positive about the results.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then, just a follow-up on vívofit. Can you remind us of just kind of where we're in the time line in terms of being at full distribution on that product. And if we're not sort of when we should expect to be at full distribution?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think out of the gate, we were able to secure a lot of strong distribution for this product. So we feel very good about where we're at. We still feel like there's more doors to capture. And many of those retailers where we're currently not positioned are planning for resets in the future. Let's say, by the summer time frame and into the fall, we should be at a point where we feel like we're at full presence in the market.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up call from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just in terms of the CapEx, it expanded a little bit. Is -- are some of these growth opportunities you are also requiring -- you to grow some of your equipment and installed base and kind of what's the forecast for the year?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, I think we did raise our expectation on CapEx because of the $15 million in Q1 to probably closer to $60 million for the year. And we are investing in several areas, we're investing in a few facilities, but also surface map technology to production lines to capture these opportunities like vívofit. So there's several factors that, that's what's driving a slight increase in our CapEx expectations.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then you also mentioned in your prepared remarks with respect to the Aviation market that it's still a difficult market out there. Those remarks has been echoed by others in the space. Is there any worry that some of the shipments you are expecting in the new platforms in the OE side, later this year could get pushed out? Or are you still feeling okay about the OE deliveries you had in your plan?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think there's still some uncertainty around the planning on the OEM side because of the market conditions. The business jet market remains weak as we've been saying and so we simply need to watch, as the year goes along, to see how the OEM sales follow through.
Operator: And the follow-up call from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Kevin, just with the slight increase in CapEx, how we should think about free cash flow for the full year with your working capital requirements? And also, your inclination to kind of repurchase shares at these elevated levels, how you're kind of thinking about the share repurchase?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, first of all, we haven't really changed our expectation of free cash flows, so we're still expecting in between $550 million and $600 million, which is what we stated at the beginning -- at our last earnings call. And in terms of buyback, I think, we're like many other investors, we're price-sensitive but we're also wanting to be more aggressive to use our cash to -- from a dilutive effect to take some of the shares out of the market. So I think we've proven on the last couple of quarters that we're willing to buy consistently, like I said, we've been in the market pretty much every day since our last earnings announcement. So we'll see how that progresses throughout 2014.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Okay. I think that is -- that concludes the questions for the day. So we want to thank everyone again for your contribution and for your questions. And look forward to updating you as we go through the remainder of the year. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-19 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director of Investor Relations Clifton A. Pemble - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, President of Garmin International Inc, President of Garmin USA Inc and President of Garmin AT Inc Kevin S. Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Treasurer of Garmin International Inc, Treasurer of Garmin Usa Inc, Director of Garmin International Inc and Director of Garmin Usa Inc
Analysts: Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to today's Garmin Ltd. Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kerri Thurston: Good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and the related slides are available on Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/doc. An archive of the webcast and a related transcript will be available on the website later today. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K that is filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We will be filing our 2013 10-K later today. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier today, Garmin reported strong fourth quarter revenue and margin performance, which contributed to a 12% increase in pro forma EPS. Outdoor, Fitness, Aviation and Marine increased 14% on a combined basis, which largely offset lower revenues in Auto/Mobile. These growth segments represented 50% of our revenue in the holiday quarter. Growth in operating margins improved year-over-year to 52% and 23%, respectively. Gross margin strength was driven by the revenue mix shifting towards our higher-margin segments and a lower amount of revenue deferrals on a year-over-year basis. Operating income increased 16% due to stronger gross margins combined with expense control. This allowed us to maintain our emphasis on R&D while keeping overall expenses relatively flat on a year-over-year basis. As a result, operating income grew in each of our 5 business segments and we generated $135 million in free cash flow during the quarter. We are pleased with our Q4 performance and it gives us a strong foundation to build upon as we begin 2014. Looking briefly at full year performance, we achieved record revenue in our growth segments. However, ongoing declines in the PND category resulted in lower consolidated revenue, as we expected, down 3% for the year. On a combined basis, our growth segments contributed over $1.3 billion in revenue for the year, or 51% of the total, and generated 67% of our operating income. Gross and operating margins were stable compared to 2012, resulting in strong profit generation despite pressure in the PND market and an increased level of R&D spending during the year. Kevin will further discuss margins in his remarks. For the full year, we generated $574 million of free cash flow, exceeding our expectations of $525 million. The cash was primarily used to fund our quarterly dividend and share repurchase programs throughout 2013. So next, we'll review each of our business segments, highlighting 2013 performance, the 2014 outlook and a brief summary of long-term strategic initiatives. Starting first with Outdoor, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 2%, with growth accelerating in the fourth quarter due to new product introductions. Wearables, golf products, dog tracking and training and action cameras contributed to this growth. The Outdoor segment continued to generate strong gross and operating margins in 2013 at 64% and 39%, respectively. The most significant product introduction in 2013 was the VIRB action camera series, which contributed to stronger growth in the fourth quarter. Looking at 2014, we expect revenue growth of 10% to 15%, driven by growth in action cameras, golf, and dog tracking and training devices. Beyond 2014, we will focus on new opportunities in adjacent markets where we can leverage our brand and global distribution. We will make additional investments in the action camera market to broaden our product line and drive market share gains. In addition, we will maintain our focus on utility, content and innovative form factors to track both new and repeat customers, while embracing the opportunities to enhance the user experience via connectivity. In the Fitness segment, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 11%, which outpaced both our expectations and prior year growth. We expanded our leadership position in the GPS-enabled Fitness category with the introduction of new Edge cycling computers and Forerunner watches. In addition, we expanded our role in the cycling market with the introduction of the Vector power meter. The return to double-digit growth in the second half of 2013 gives us confidence that the Fitness market remains underpenetrated and that our products continue to be well-positioned from a competitive perspective. Though we have faced significant competition in recent years, our portfolio of differentiated products has resulted in strong gross and operating margins of 63% and 34%, respectively. In 2014, we are targeting revenue growth of 10% to 15% in the Fitness segment. A key component of this growth is the recent launch of the vívofit and vívokí activity monitors, which establish a new standard for utility and innovation in this emerging product category. In addition, we plan to further penetrate the cycling and running markets with our recently launched products and others that are yet to come during the year. Looking beyond 2014, we believe that opportunities within fitness and wellness will continue to expand as global consumers become increasingly health conscious. We will focus on delivering compelling form factors and innovative products to the market, offering a complete solution of device, wireless connectivity, measurement sensors and a compelling web portal. We will leverage the redesigned Garmin Connect website to further expand our community of users with enhanced support for a broad range of activities and social networking among participants. Finally, we'll gain share in the activity monitor market by delivering industry-leading utility and form factors that meet the needs of a diverse set of customers. Turning next to Aviation, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 16%, as both OEM and aftermarket performed well. Operating income increased 20% for the year, ahead of revenue growth as gross margin improved and expenses were in line with sales. A key achievement in 2013 was the completion of our first Part 25 certifications with Cessna and Bombardier. In addition, we launched new or enhanced systems with Embraer, Piper, Bell and AgustaWestland. In 2014, we are targeting revenue growth of 10% to 15% in the Aviation segment. Stable conditions in the OEM market, combined with a full year of revenue contributions from new platforms, will result in growth for OEM products. In addition, we anticipate positive signals in the aftermarket will continue in the coming year and contribute to overall segment growth. Longer term, our growth initiatives are focused on continued development of our G3000 and G5000 platforms with OEM partners, which is the foundation for long-term market share expansion, identifying aftermarket opportunities, as well as commercial off-the-shelf opportunities within the military and government sector, developing unique technologies that fill gaps in our current product portfolio, and capitalizing on opportunities created by the FAA's transformation of the National Airspace System from a ground-based system of air traffic control to a satellite-based system of air traffic management. Moving next to the Marine segment, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 7%, with accelerated growth in the second half of the year when we delivered a significant number of new products to the market. Gross and operating margins declined as we faced competitive pricing pressure, unfavorable product mix and higher R&D expenses associated with expanding our product portfolio. Though this reduced segment profitability in the short term, we expect to see revenue growth and improved profitability going forward. For 2014, we are targeting revenue growth of 10% to 15% in the Marine segment as we anticipate market conditions will improve and recent product introductions will generate new revenue opportunities. New product contributions include a full year of our Glass Helm products, as well as contributions from new chartplotters and fishfinders, which we introduced late last year and have already been delivered to the market. In the long term, our objective is to increase our market share in recreational boating with specific emphasis on fishing and sailing markets. We plan to grow our OEM position by leveraging our full range of products including chartplotters, radar, sonar, autopilots and audio systems. And finally, through continued innovation and efficiency, we will deliver new products and improve the operating margin performance of our Marine business over the long term. Looking finally at the Auto/Mobile segment, revenues declined 13% for the full year as lower PND revenues were partially offset by growth in OEM and mobile product categories. According to our estimates, we exited the year with approximately 45% market share on a global basis and achieved 81% share in the fourth quarter in the U.S. market, representing an all-time high watermark for Garmin. Though the industry headwinds were challenging, segment margins remained strong, generating over $188 million of operating income for the year. A key highlight in 2013 was the announcement of our relationship with Mercedes, providing navigation solutions beginning in some 2014 models and all models by 2017. Looking at 2014, we expect PND unit deliveries to decline in line with 2013 rates, driving revenues down 10% to 15% in the segment. We will focus on market share leadership and maximizing profitability in PNDs while capitalizing on new opportunities such as dash cameras and portable HUD solutions. We will continue to invest in Auto OEM opportunities, leveraging our complete range of capabilities from fully integrated entertainment platforms to navigation-focused software solutions. Beyond 2014, we will focus on expanding our Auto OEM business through additional program wins, delivering the most intuitive and advanced in-vehicle experience, managing the profitability of the PND segment as the market size continues to decline and capitalizing on niche opportunities in motorcycle, fleet management, over-the-road trucking and RV. While no single product can offset the trends in the PND market, we are excited about the numerous incremental opportunities to enhance revenue and profitability in 2014. With this in mind, we are projecting revenues of $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion, with gross margins increasing to 54% to 55% due to segment mix. We are projecting operating income between $530 million and $565 million, with operating margins of approximately 21% as we grow our R&D investment and manage other expenses in line with revenue and opportunity. Factoring in an anticipated effective tax rate of 17%, 2014 pro forma earnings per share should fall in the range of $2.50 to $2.60 with free cash flow generation of $550 million to $600 million. Given our cash flow outlook, we will propose an increase in the dividend at our upcoming annual meeting, and we will participate in share repurchases as market conditions warrant. We believe these actions will result in strong returns for our shareholders over the long term. And finally, you'll see in our press release that Kevin has decided to change the intense pace he has managed over the years. We wish Kevin all the best in the future, but we're going to miss him very much. Kevin will offer some additional remarks on his transition in a moment, but I want to take this opportunity to thank you, Kevin, for all you've done for Garmin over the past 15 years. That concludes my remarks. Kevin will now walk through our Q4 and full year financials in more detail. So Kevin, take it away.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Thanks, Cliff, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our financial results then move to some summary comments on the balance sheet, cash flow, taxes and, finally, 2014 guidance. So we posted revenue of $760 million for the quarter with pro forma net income of $150 million. Our pro forma EPS was $0.76 per share, excluding the foreign currency gain. Our revenue represents a decrease of just 1% year-over-year. And gross margin came in at 52%, a 330 basis point increase from the prior year, driven by segment mix and reduced impact from deferred revenues. Operating margin was 23%, an increase of 320 basis points from the prior year with gross margin favorability of 330 basis points, offset by an unfavorable operating expense impact of 10 basis points. Total operating expenses decreased by $2 million in the current quarter with reduced spending in advertising, partially offset by a $10 million increase in research and development. Each of the operating expense categories will be discussed in detail on a later slide. Our pro forma EPS, which is adjusted for the foreign currency gain, was $0.76, representing a 12% increase year-over-year. We shipped 4.5 million units during the quarter, which represents an 11% decrease year-over-year. Our total company average selling price was $169 per unit, up 11% from $152 in the fourth quarter of 2012, driven primarily by segment mix and the reduced revenue deferrals. Looking at full year results, we posted revenue of $2.6 billion for the year, with pro forma net income of $514 million. Our pro forma EPS was $2.62 per share, which excludes FX gains and $68 million of our income tax reserve releases during the year. Our revenue decreased 3% year-over-year, and our gross margin was 53%; it had a 50 basis point improvement over the prior year. Operating income decreased 5% to $574 million compared to $604 million in 2012. Our operating margin was 22%, down 40 basis points from last year. The pro forma of $2.62 was down 8% year-over-year. Units shipped were down 10% with 13.9 million units delivered during 2013. Next, you can see from our -- how our fourth quarter revenue breaks down by segment. I would just like to briefly highlight the charts on this page which illustrate the Auto/Mobile segment representing 50% of our total revenue during Q4 of 2013 as each of the non-Auto/Mobile segments grew during the quarter. You can see from our profitability mix by segment that our non-Auto/Mobile segments delivered 69% of operating income in the quarter, an increase from 66% in Q4 of 2012. Fitness, Aviation and Marine each contributed an increasing proportion of total operating income in Q4 due to revenue growth and improving or stable operating margins. I'd like to briefly discuss year-over-year gross margin changes by segment. Auto/Mobile gross margin increased to 40% from 38% in the prior year, primarily due to less deferred high-margin revenues. Marine and Fitness gross margins improved in the current quarter due to product mix shifting towards new products in the quarter. So our total corporate operating margin improved to 23% due to the increased gross margin during the period. Looking briefly at year-to-date metrics, revenue contribution for 2013 shifted toward our growth segments, with Aviation, Fitness and Outdoor each growing in contribution. A similar shift is occurring in operating income with 67% of our 2013 operating income coming from our non-Auto/Mobile segments. As previously mentioned, the Q4 operating expenses decreased by $2 million on a year-over-year basis from $224 million in Q4 to $222 million in Q4 of 2013 while increasing 10 basis points as a percent of sales. R&D increased $10 million year-over-year, and this represented a 140 basis point impact as R&D increased to 12% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and grow our engineering workforce with a heavy emphasis on Aviation, Outdoor and Fitness. Our advertising spending decreased $12 million over the year-ago quarter, and decreased 150 basis points as a percent of sales to 5% in Q4 of 2013. Much of the decrease was related to declining volumes in PND, as well as reduced media spending. We will continue to scale our advertising expense to match our revenue trends. SG&A was up $1 million compared to the year-ago quarter, increasing 20 basis points while holding steady at 12% of sales. We are working diligently to manage these expenses as our PND market declines. Next, to balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over $2.8 billion. Accounts receivable increased sequentially to $565 million due to holiday sales. Our accounts receivable accounted for 79 days of sales compared to 81 days of sales in the fourth quarter of 2012. Our inventory balance decreased to $382 million on a sequential basis at the close of fourth quarter, as we exited the stronger holiday quarter. Our days of inventory were 114 days compared to 117 days in the fourth quarter of 2012. We continue to generate strong free cash flow across our business as cash from operations was $150 million during Q4. CapEx was $15 million during the fourth quarter. Therefore, we generated free cash flow of $135 million during the fourth quarter, and our free -- full year free cash flow was $574 million, coming in ahead of forecast. We repurchased $31 million of company stock and have $241 million still authorized through December of 2014. A few more items to discuss relative to our Q4 announcement. Our effective tax rate for Q4 of 2013 was 20% compared to 16.5% in Q4 2012. The increased rate was primarily driven by an unfavorable change in income mix by a taxing jurisdiction and reduced tax holidays in Taiwan. Our full year pro forma rate adjusted for the $68 million of reserve releases was 16.8%. We expect our full year rate for 2014 to be approximately 17% due to the geographic mix of income. We also announced in our press release this morning that given our strong free cash flow generation, we plan to seek shareholder approval for an increased dividend beginning with the June 2014 calendar quarter. The proposal is $0.48 per quarter, or $1.92 annually, an increase from our current $0.45 per quarter. Cliff has reviewed our 2014 guidance, but I would just further highlight that we have 4 solid growth segments that we anticipate will represent over 55% of our revenue in 2014. As highlighted in our guidance, we will continue to invest in 2014 for long-term growth opportunities across the entire business, positioning us well for the future. And before moving to Q&A, I wanted to briefly address the CFO transition that was also announced this morning. I've enjoyed being part of the Garmin family for the past 15 years, and I'm very excited about the future success of Garmin. It's been so rewarding to be part of building such an amazing organization since we went public in the year 2000. Yet, it's time for me to change pace personally. I look forward to helping the executive team with the CFO search process and ensuring a smooth transition. I will also continue to be actively involved in the Investor Relations activities during the transition, where, hopefully, will be able to see many of you in person over the course of this year. With that, operator, we now open the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll first go to Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Great. Kevin, congrats to you, and you've done a great job for 15 years.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Thanks very much. Thanks for the well wishes on the quarter.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So I guess looking at 2 of the products you've highlighted as driving growth this year, VIRB and vívofit, I don't know if you can tell us how much you're estimating that contribution. And if you can't give us a number, maybe you can help us think kind of structurally about how you go about estimating a new product, and maybe what you're seeing in the near term in terms of sell-in for those products over the next couple of quarters?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, we're not prepared to give specific expectations on each of those products. I think maybe the better way to put it is, we -- for both VIRB and for the vívofit, these are exciting markets to be in, and there's some strong incumbents in both areas. We hope to gain some reasonable market share, and it is -- I'd say in both of those instances, it's a reason for some of the growth that we're planning for both Outdoor and Fitness segment that we're not planning to quantify how much that is at this point.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I look at the midpoint of your revenue guidance 2014, it looks like you should inflect to some top line growth for the first time in a while. You're sitting on an awful lot of cash on the balance sheet. Given the inflection point, is it time to get more aggressive in terms of buybacks and returning some of that or a lot more of that cash to shareholders?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think your first point, yes. We do anticipate being slightly up in revenue at the midpoint, like you say. And we've been more aggressive and we still, like I said, we still have $241 million in the outstanding buyback plan, and we plan to use our cash to continue to buy back stock based on stock price. We were always sensitive to the stock price like many of our shareholders are, but I don't know if I would say we're going to be more aggressive other than we're -- it's a part of our use of cash, and we can balance that with the other needs across the business.
Operator: Next, we'll go to Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: Yes. Best wishes for Kevin. I wondered if we can focus on the Aviation gross margins, extremely strong in the quarter, maybe some of the underlying drivers of that. I know you're moving to maybe more of a more software as a portion of mix, but the sustainability of that, especially as Part 25 starts to layer in, detail on that would be great.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think on the mix of gross margin within that business, I think -- the nice thing is whether it's an OEM or it's a retrofit business or even our portable business, as part of our Aviation segment, we have high margins. You mentioned software, so without a doubt, software is a strong component of our overall suite of avionics that we put into play. So I think that's going to continue. We don't -- these aren't really changing anytime soon, and we've been very stable at our gross margin within the segment.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: And then, also in Aviation, how should we think about sort of the leverage in 2014? Is it somewhat muted by some of these R&D investments you guys are talking about? Help us understand sort of where you're trending there as well.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, we mentioned -- both Cliff and I mentioned the Aviation is a significant part of our story in the future, and it is a large part of our R&D investment in 2014. So we're expecting that, I think, at a minimum, the operating margin should stay flat, if not increased, depending on how that market develops over 2014.
Operator: Next, we go to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. I just wanted to dig in a little bit more into the Outdoor segment guidance. It seems that the action camera market is a couple of billion dollar market, yet you're not expecting that much of a bump to this year's revenues. Is that just conservatism as you're still relatively new to the market? And also, if you can give us some insight into how much of the channel you've developed in terms of either big box retailers for the VIRB or also some of the specialty ski shops and things like that.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Simona, the action camera market, according to our estimates, is probably in the range of $1 billion to $2 billion. As you know, it's heavily dominated by an entrenched competitor right now, who has established and defined the market. So we know we have an uphill battle to gain share, and we are admittedly being cautious and conservative in terms of our expectations around the market. But that said, we're -- we feel like we're in this for the long haul. This is a marathon, not a sprint. And so, we're willing to be patient, develop our product line and create innovation in the market that customers are wanting. In terms of the channel, last time we talked, I think we mentioned that the rollout of the VIRB was admittedly conservative, because it was late in the season, and wasn't able to catch a lot of the retailer resets that occur in the early -- late summer, early fall time period. So we anticipate that things will start to pick up this year, and we'll also be ramping up our promotional activities as well.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then, just on the Aviation segment, you seem to be assuming some modest deceleration for this year? Is there anything in particular driving that? I would have thought that based on your pipeline of wins, the growth rate there should remain pretty constant, if not accelerate.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think we probably had higher than our expectations in 2014. So we feel like the aviation market still faces some challenges. As we mentioned, we expect stability in the OEM market. We don't expect things to go down. We do expect our new platforms to contribute, and the aftermarket is showing some signs of modest growth. But again, we don't want to be overoptimistic about aviation, because it is very insensitive to things like government shutdowns and the economy and the various things that can happen in the course of the year.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. Hopefully, you don't have any more of those. Just last one on the model, can you just remind us the contribution from deferred in the quarter and then what you are embedding in your guidance for 2014?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. So the contribution on deferred just for Q4 was actually just about $6 million is all from a sales perspective. As we go forward, we're going to continue to see more amortizations than deferrals, so this will be from here on out as a tailwind for us and help us throughout 2014. If you look at the balance sheet, you can still see that we have quite a bit of deferrals that are sitting there that will be amortized over the next several years and help our EPS as we go forward.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So kind of a $0.20 to $0.30 contribution to this year would be a reasonable range to think about?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Somewhere in that range, maybe a little bit less than that.
Operator: Next, we'll go to John Bright with Avondale Partners.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Congrats and, as well, Kevin, good luck, sir. I'll dig into the same questions -- or a couple of the same questions. In Outdoor, can you talk about some of the underlying assumptions behind the 10% to 15% outlook beyond the VIRB product, specifically in the golf and the pet mark -- technologies, how you plan to gain market share?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, John, as I mentioned in my remarks, we do expect continued growth in the golf market. That's been a market that has continued to show expansion as we've come out with new products and innovation there. The dog tracking and training market is an area that we can see additional growth in the coming year and then, of course, the contribution from action cameras. The other product segments in Outdoor tend to be mature and are either stable or in a slight decline type of a mode, according to our assumptions. So there's some offsets going on.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: And then in Aviation, I think in your prepared remarks, you talked about G3000 and 5000 market share opportunities there -- upcoming opportunities? Can you expand on those?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. We have delivered, of course, at the end of the year, certifications for Sovereign and M2 and the Lear 70 and 75. So we'll see a full year contribution there. And in the upcoming year, the Citation X should be moving toward certification, so that will also contribute.
Operator: We'll go to the next caller, that is Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Kevin, thanks for all the help throughout the years. I guess if I look at the Outdoor Fitness market, the investor concern has always been that there's a lot of competitors. It's a market defined by declining ASPs. If anything, you're gaining share and actually you're seeing an ASP lift. Do you think of the business from a unit growth and then an ASP point of view? Or is it really rather contribution margin and cash flow to the business? Just kind of -- I think there's so many subsegmentations of the market. We're just trying to see which direction you might move into and the underlying financial reasons why.
Kevin S. Rauckman: So I think we still expect unit growth, clearly, within both of those segments. ASPs, as you point out, are -- really, we don't see much of a price issue at all. I think we have maybe in the Fitness side, lost a little bit on the very low end of the market. But if you look at our overall ASP, because of the product mix and the new products that we're bringing out, for example, the VIRB having a little bit higher price point, that's going to let things rise, not only increased units, but also increased ASPs. So much of what we would look at on an ASP in those segments just have to do with new products rollout and the contribution from those products.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Did I answer your question?
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I think so. Is there a floor to kind of where -- how low your prices will go for some of your products? I just think back to the days when we saw a bunch of PNDs and bins at Best Buy and trying to see, I mean, if those days are way behind us in terms of how low prices will go for some of the Outdoor and Fitness products.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think, Mark, you're combining Outdoor and Fitness, which probably have different dynamics in each one of those markets. In the Outdoor segment, we would anticipate that it's a very mature market for the most part and with the exception, of course, new and emerging opportunities like Fitness or VIRB action cameras. But we would anticipate stable to increasing ASPs there. In Fitness, the market has trended down in ASP, driven by the introduction of lower-end products like our Forerunner 10. But even with that, we're selling the Forerunner 10 at a premium compared to the market, and we have not been in the mode in our business of just competing on price. We always compete on value, performance, innovation, utility and differentiation. So that's basically our outlook on those 2 markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And, Kevin, one last thing on Marine. I guess there's a lot of new products and you would need to -- that you might need to get out there into the marketplace. The -- on Marine, would it require additional R&D? Or is that mostly behind us? So it's really about getting products out the door at this stage?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. I think we've ramped up our team there over the last year. And as Cliff mentioned, we made some changes structurally, but we feel like we have a pretty solid Marine R&D team right now. So most of the increase that we would expect in 2014 on the R&D line would actually come from some of the other segments like Aviation, Outdoor and Fitness.
Operator: Now we'll go to Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I had a question about the VIRB launch. I guess I thought you might ramp up advertising spending in support of that launch in Q4. It didn't seem to happen from what I saw in the results. And then, your comment about 2014 is that ad spending should sort of move with revenue. And so I'm assuming aggregate revenue is going to be flattish, then your ad spending might be flattish. So what's your thinking around advertising to support that product and the vívofit, and what's necessary?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Thanks, Andrew. I think as we've mentioned before, we launched the VIRB late in the year, and we missed opportunities to be able to catch resets that occurred earlier in the year. So we knew that distribution was not optimal, and we also had constrained production as we ramped up a totally new category for Garmin, which includes complex optics and new processes that were developed for our company. So we knew that we had just a limited amount of product and it didn't make a lot of sense to go out too strong in Q4. That said, as we've mentioned, we plan to increase our activity on promotion for VIRB in the coming year. And as I mentioned in my remarks, we're going to scale our advertising based on both revenue and opportunity. So in this case, VIRB is an opportunity, and we will be investing to promote that product in the coming year. And similar things apply for the vívofit. It's a new category. We're already shipping the product, and we believe we have good retail placement for the product early in the year, so we're excited about that. But we're also going to be increasing our promotion of that as the year goes forward.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: It makes sense. And then, in Auto, I guess that's the one segment where your outlook is maybe better than I was thinking. And if I think about the sort of low end there, that down 10% in Auto, I guess TomTom made some comments that maybe they think the PND market is going to continue to decline at the same magnitude but a little bit better than previously. What would it take to get you to that 10% with PNDs, new products, OEM, what are you thinking?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think, without a doubt, the Auto/Mobile includes Mobile, Auto OEM revenue and also PND revenue. That 10% to 15% actually includes a little bit deeper decline on PND specifically. But I think to your points, we've seen a little bit better strength in the European market, so it's declined slower. And we'll just have to see how that shakes out as we go through 2014. But I think we were assuming at a 10% level PND would be down maybe closer to 15% on revenue for the year.
Operator: Let's go to Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: The impression I get is that the number of products and categories that you announced [indiscernible] is increasing. I wonder if you can talk a little bit about the overall product strategy, maybe excluding Aviation, Marine, and how you think about your role in these categories. Are you sort of a pioneer or a fast follower? But also, how do you manage this overall portfolio? What is going to be the sort of strategy for introducing products, refreshing them, and then retiring them? And what I'm trying to get to here is the implications for R&D and also what the R&D might lead to in terms of future proliferation of products.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Paul, I think in terms of how we view these various segments, including Aviation, Marine is that we're constantly looking for new areas where we can create new product categories, new niches in the market or new bolt-on adjacent market areas as we've done in every market segment. We're not in a mode of trying to trim back or figure out ways we can cut some of our product lines because we feel like there's opportunities everywhere across the business. And so, for R&D, what we will do is we'll continue to invest in developing and finding these niche and adjacent categories, as well as to keep our core product lines fresh, which is important because it keeps buyers interested in the market and we bring new innovations to those product lines.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So the rate of innovation is accelerating in some areas particularly around health products. Does this mean that we should expect more releases from you every sort of -- the cycle time is basically reducing?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think recently, we've been performing well in terms of our product releases. As I mentioned in my remarks, we introduced an entire new line -- 47 new Marine products late last year. Those have already been delivered to the market. We introduced our vívofit and vívokí at CES. That is already shipping. So we believe that in many areas of our business, we're performing well. And many of our product releases that we'll have in 2014 have already been delivered to the market in Q1. And so that represents more than half of what we anticipate doing in the coming year.
Operator: And now we go to Jonathan Ho with William Blair.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Best wishes to you, Kevin, as well. Just wanted to start out with sort of your expectations around M&A and what you guys are thinking about just given sort of your balance sheet position, whether anything has changed in terms of your overall M&A outlook.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, no real changes to the M&A. I think you, Jonathan, you know us well. We have been selective in our -- in the companies that we've acquired, and we've acquired several over the years, actually dozens over the years, and we're still looking for other opportunities, but we're also not going to be overly aggressive. But the fact of the matter is we have good flexibility there. We are always evaluating businesses. I would still say that the sweet spot for us still remains the smaller to medium-sized businesses that are easier to integrate as opposed to going out and doing a life-changing type of an acquisition. So it is a part of our strategy, and it's one of the 4 uses of our cash that we intend to capitalize on.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And you guys referenced a couple of times sort of challenges around ramping production around VIRB, it being sort of a new product category. How do you guys feel about your production capacity today? I mean, do you feel like you have sort of the right processes in place? Do you have the ability to sort of meet the demand in the marketplace and sort of scale to the level that's needed for some of these mass-market broad line retailers?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Jonathan. We don't have any concern at all about our capacity. In fact, we've got quite a bit of excess capacity that we could ramp up pretty quickly if we need to. I think our comments around spinning out products especially relates when we have a new technology like VIRB, which introduces things like optics into our production line that we haven't been doing on a significant scale in the past. So it takes some time to do that, but those issues are basically behind us, and we don't have any concern over the capacity and our ability to support retailers.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next, we'll go to Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Kevin, congratulations. So in terms of 2014, 2 questions on the outlook. One, given kind of some new products in the categories here, should we be anticipating anything different from a seasonality standpoint than we typically see either in the business in aggregate or in certain product categories? And then, secondly, if I look at kind of the overall operating margins guided to be down a couple of hundred bps year-over-year, but gross margins up quite nicely, you indicated Aviation to be kind of flat to up operating margins. Where is that margin decline going to be most pronounced, which segment? And I guess that's it.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. So first of all, Tavis, seasonality. We don't see much change in the seasonality within our business. I mean, business as usual as we go forward with the new products and the continuing products. From an operating margin standpoint, it is really an investment in -- primarily in R&D, so as I mentioned, Aviation. So we hope that the sales growth rate meets or exceeds the R&D growth rate there from an operating margin standpoint. But the other segments, Outdoor, Fitness and even Auto/Mobile, I think, we're still evaluating what that looks like in the future. But the other areas of R&D growth, as I mentioned, were Outdoor and Fitness, but that's going to be a little bit of a decline on those segments. And the other thing is product mix. So VIRB, for example, is a lower-margin product than our average Outdoor gross margin. So there's just going to be some natural product mix that influences the operating margins within segments like Outdoor and Fitness.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And if I can ask a follow-up on the Auto OEM business. What should our expectations, or what are your expectations of kind of full-blown infotainment business at this point? And how long are you willing to support that effort without meaningful progress there versus just making this more of an application-type business like you have with Mercedes?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Tavis, I think as we mentioned in the past, we realize that progress in the Auto OEM business is -- takes place at a very slow rate. We do have some foothold in the infotainment business in some smaller OEMs and aftermarket, but developing bigger opportunities does take time. So we're still working on developing more of those opportunities, and we continue to be patient. We also are managing that investment as best as we can to make sure that it's scaled towards the opportunities that we see.
Operator: Now we'll take a question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Kevin, congrats. Good luck on what lies ahead. I wanted to -- first, you mentioned margin implications for VIRB. Could you talk to the margin implications for the vívo products as those come to market? And could you also talk a little bit about when you look at VIRB and the vívo products, how do you view your offerings and kind of the differentiation versus competitors? And then, I have a follow-up.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think, Ben, in terms of margin on the vívo, we would -- I believe that margin structure is very similar to our entry-level Fitness watches today. So we don't think that there's any significant change in terms of the margin profile of the product. As that product of course delivers and increases in mix, then it could bring down our Fitness margins slightly as it increases its contribution. And your second question on VIRB, please?
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: When you look at VIRB and vívo, those 2 kind of new market entrants for you, how do you view those offerings as being differentiated versus competitors? What are your kind of strongest attributes versus incumbents in those markets?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we believe both of those products are highly differentiated versus competitors. If you start with the vívo and look at what we brought to the market there, we have an industry-leading battery life of 1 year, and we have a very friendly readable LCD display. And this product is expandable, so you can add your heart rate later if you increase your level of fitness. It has intuitive innovative features such as motivational features that allow people to increase their level of fitness over time as they start to see progress. And finally, the web side of it can be underestimated in terms of the impact there. We have a very well-developed web presence with Garmin Connect, and with the new launch of the updated website, it's tailored now to all kinds of users from basic entry in the fitness area with vívo to the high-end users on the running watches. So in terms of VIRB, our main differentiation there has been bringing sensor integration and integration with other Garmin products through the market. We have GPS capabilities with accelerometers, and all that information can be overlaid onto your video, including information from heart rate monitors and our other fitness products. And so, we offer a level of integration into the market that it previously didn't have.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And one other question, when you look at our working capital, do you have any thoughts, longer term, about where that goes? Are you comfortable with the level of working capital as it stands today. Would you like to reduce that level and improve cash flow? What are your thoughts on working capital?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we're fairly comfortable with our working capital management. There's always some puts and takes there on what we can do better on -- accounts receivable and inventory, in particular. But the numbers that we shared from a free cash flow of 550 to 600 seems just modest changes year-over-year in the working capital.
Operator: We'll next go to Brad Erickson with Pacific Crest securities.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of follow-ups. First, in terms of the Q4 Fitness growth, can you kind of rank order the drivers of growth in that segment between the new watches, Vector and then Edge, and then kind of how we should be thinking about those within the Fitness outlook for 2014, along with the vívo products?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Brad, I think that all the things you mentioned were strong contributors to our Q4 performance. There was a lot of pent-up demand for the new running watches, and Vector and byproducts certainly also contributed to the mix as well. In terms of 2014, we see those dynamics continuing. The Forerunner 620 and 220 redefines the high-end running watch market, and with the running dynamics features. And we see that product being very popular in the coming year. We'll have a full year of Vector as well, and then of course vívofit is all new revenue for us.
Brad Erickson - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then, in terms of the VIRB product so far, you obviously made some comments around intentions to ramp up advertising, et cetera. Given you're, obviously, a very strong competitor in that category, from kind of more of a point-of-sale perspective, can you talk about what needs to happen in order to improve demand, which it seems like you've been implying has been a bit soft so far?
Clifton A. Pemble: The point-of-sale, as you point out, is really critical, and so we're working hard to get point-of-sale presence, an improved presence where we have it today. And many retailers of course are looking for our -- evidence of our promotions as well. And so as we ramp those up in -- starting here, in March, they'll start to see more demand driven from the customer side as well.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Jeremy David with Citi.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My first question is about Garmin Connect. It looks like the growth of miles logged is moderating. It took about 170 days to get from 3 billion miles to 4 billion miles last year, implying about 6 million miles logged every day. And as of yesterday, 4.57 billion miles were logged, implying just about 4 million miles logged on average every day since Garmin Connect with 4 billion miles logged in that September 2014, so a deceleration from about 6 million miles logged last summer to about 4 million miles a day now. Is that seasonality? I don't think we've seen it before. Or is it a sign that the user engagement on the Garmin Connect platform is declining? And maybe you could tie that up with the changes you're making to that platform.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Jeremy, I think that seasonality definitely is something to consider. It is winter, and a very cold one in many parts of the country, and I have not been able to get out and run as much as I like. So I would anticipate, as summer and spring come to us, that you'll see an acceleration there.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Can you comment on the changes you're making to the platform to make it more social?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. That's been an ongoing process where, last year, we introduced groups and ways for people to be able to share their activities with members of their groups. This year, we're focusing on things like leader boards and challenges which will help enhance the ability for people to engage with the site.
Jeremy David - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. As a follow-up, you still -- you've only used $59 million of your $300 million buyback authorization. I believe it's expiring at the end of this year. So should we expect to see you complete the buyback by the end of 2014? Would you consider extending it? Or would you consider letting it expire unused?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think, implied in our guidance, we assume that we are going to continue to be in the market consistently after we get out of the blackout period here in a couple of days. So of course, it depends on price and how aggressive we will be. But at this point, we plan to be more aggressive as we go through 2014. I can't say if we're going to use it all up yet, but it's not our intention to let it expire.
Clifton A. Pemble: All right. I think that concludes our call for today, so thanks, everyone, for participating. And we'll talk to you next quarter.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We thank everyone, again, for their participation.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director of Investor Relations Clifton A. Pemble - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, President of Garmin International Inc, President of Garmin USA Inc and President of Garmin AT Inc Kevin S. Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Treasurer of Garmin International Inc, Treasurer of Garmin Usa Inc, Director of Garmin International Inc and Director of Garmin Usa Inc
Analysts: Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. And at this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you. Good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s third quarter 2013 earnings call. Please note that the earnings press release and the related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet. An archive of the webcast and a related transcript will also be available shortly after the call. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions or future demand for our products are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning specific risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2012, which is on file with the SEC. Presenting on behalf of Garmin this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and CEO; and Kevin Rauckman, CFO and Treasurer. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As announced earlier this morning, Garmin reported strong third quarter revenue and margin performance, with revenue growth in Fitness, Marine and Aviation largely offsetting declining revenues in PND. Consolidated revenues decreased 4% year-over-year. However, our non-Auto/Mobile market segments grew 12% on a combined basis, contributing 50% of the total revenue and 65% of the operating profit in the third quarter. Gross margins improved year-over-year to 55% from 53% in 2012, as deferred revenue was less of a headwind and segment mix improved slightly. Operating margins were 24%, consistent with the prior year, as gross margin improvement was offset by growing research and development spending. These strong results allowed us to generate $205 million of free cash flow in the quarter and raised our EPS guidance for the full year. Kevin will discuss our financial results in greater detail in a few minutes, but next, I'll walk through a review of our results, segment by segment. Starting first with Outdoor, revenues declined 4% as we faced a much stronger comparable in the third quarter of 2012. Gross and operating margins remained very strong in this segment at 69% and 44%, respectively. During the quarter, we announced our entry into the action camera market with the VIRB and VIRB Elite. This new family of products delivers industry-leading features to the action camera market, including sunlight readable color displays, GPS location awareness, extended battery life, integration with our broad range of fitness sensors and ability to control the camera via other Garmin devices. We believe VIRB will be a catalyst for growth within this segment in 2014, and look forward to participating in this exciting new market. In the fourth quarter, we do not expect a significant change in revenue trajectory due to the late season launch of VIRB and due to the strong results in fourth quarter of 2012, when the segment delivered almost $120 million of revenue. Turning next to the Fitness segment. Revenue grew 25% on a year-over-year basis, as our entire portfolio of products sold well in the summer season. Deliveries of Vector accelerated our cycling category, and contributed to the strong result in the segment. We delivered gross and operating margins of 61% and 33%, respectively, and operating income grew 25% in the quarter. We introduced a number of new products in the quarter, including the Forerunner 220 and 620. These watches delivered new features, and have captivated significant customer interest, including a high-resolution sunlight readable color display and real-time tracking through wireless connectivity with a smartphone. In addition, the Forerunner 620 offers an intuitive touch screen user interface and innovative running dynamics measurements to give runners powerful new tools to improve their performance. The form factor of the 220 and 620 establishes a new standard for running watches as they are lighter, thinner and more comfortable to wear for both running and everyday use. In the cycling market, we launched the Edge Touring, designed for casual and commuter cyclists, which is our first product line specifically targeting this growing subset of the cycling community. Looking at 2014, we anticipate entering new adjacent markets, and we will continue to make investments that position us for long-term growth opportunities. In Aviation, we experienced another quarter of strong revenue growth of 15% with both OEM and aftermarket product categories contributing to the improvement. Operating income grew 37% in the quarter, ahead of revenue growth, due to the improvement in both gross and operating margins. I'm very pleased to note Garmin received the AIN Avionics Support Award for the 10th consecutive year during the quarter. I congratulate our Aviation team on this amazing accomplishment, and thank them for their passion and dedication to being the best. Outstanding customer support, combined with superior products, are key differentiators as we compete for new opportunities. We have made significant progress in finalizing deliverables required for avionics certification on the Learjet and Cessna platforms. We are actively supporting our OEM partners as they work to complete their respective aircraft certifications. Our near-term results have been positive. The Aviation market remains challenging, and this has been further intensified by shutdown-related furloughs at the FAA causing short-term delays in certifications, field approvals and shipments. While this may create headwinds in the fourth quarter, we continue to believe in our long-term growth story in this segment. Revenue in the Marine segment grew 24% in the quarter, as we experienced stronger-than-expected demand across our range of new and existing products. While the segment was profitable in the third quarter, the margin structure remains challenged due to product mix and the competitive pricing environment of the market. As we approach the winter months, we are already anticipating the beginning of the 2014 marine season. We have a full line up of new products that will be announced in the coming weeks and delivered in time for the upcoming boating season. We are confident that an intensive focus on superior new products and innovation will lead to improved market share and profitability in this segment. In our Auto/Mobile segment, revenues were down 16% in the quarter, with PND unit volumes declining at a global rate of approximately 20%, which is in line with our expectations. This decline was partially offset by growth in our OEM and mobile categories, as well as the amortization of previously deferred revenues. The segment remains highly profitable with gross and operating margins of 46% and 17%, respectively. As we previously mentioned, we expect the PND market to decline approximately 20% on a global basis. While the PND market development has been and continues to be a significant headwind, we feel confident with our execution in 2013, and we will continue to carefully manage the business going forward. As a final note in the Auto/Mobile segment, OEM opportunities have been slow to develop, which is the nature of the Automotive business. We remain optimistic as Garmin navigation begins to play a significant role in the 2014 Mercedes-Benz lineup, and we continue to pursue new opportunities for software and hardware solutions. Finally, as stated in our press release, we are updating our guidance for 2013. Due to our strong performance in the third quarter, we now anticipate pro forma EPS of $2.40 to $2.45, with improved gross and operating margins, slightly offset by higher a anticipated tax rate. The PND market will continue to create headwinds for our top and bottom line. However, these headwinds will be partially offset by growth across our non-Auto/Mobile market segments. This concludes my remarks, and Kevin will now walk through our Q3 financials in more detail. Kevin?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Thank you, Cliff, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our income statement and segment results, then move to summary comments on the balance sheet, cash flow, taxes and guidance. We posted revenue of $644 million for the quarter with pro forma net income of $136 million. Our pro forma EPS was $0.69 per share, excluding foreign currency loss and a $52 million tax adjustment that I will discuss later. Our revenue represents a decrease of 4% year-over-year. Gross margin came in at 55%, a 140 basis point increase from the prior year, driven by segment mix and reduced impact from deferred revenues. Our operating margin was 24%, down only 20 basis points from the prior year. The components were gross margin favorable by 140 basis points and an unfavorable operating expense impact of 160 basis points. Total operating expenses increased by $2 million in the current quarter, with reduced spending in advertising, offset by a $6 million increase in R&D. Each of the expense -- operating expense categories will be discussed in detail on a later slide. Our pro forma EPS, which is adjusted for the foreign currency loss and the tax adjustment was $0.69, represents a 7% decrease year-over-year. We shipped 3.3 million units during the quarter, which represents a 12% decrease year-over-year, and our total company average selling price was $197 per unit, up from $182 in Q3 of 2012, driven primarily by segment mix and the amortization of previously deferred revenue. Cliff has summarized revenue changes by segment. However, I'd like to briefly highlight the charge on this page, which illustrates the Auto/Mobile segment, representing 49% of our total revenue during Q3 as Fitness, Marine and Aviation grew during the quarter. Looking at profitability by segment, our non-Auto/Mobile segments delivered 65% of operating income in the quarter, an increase from 59% in Q3 of 2012. Fitness and Aviation each contributed an increasing proportion of total operating profit in Q3 due to revenue growth. I'd like to briefly discuss year-over-year gross margin changes by segment. Total corporate gross margin increased by 140 basis points in the quarter, driven by improved margins in Auto/Mobile and in Aviation. The Auto/Mobile gross margin increased to 46% from 43% of the prior year, due primarily to amortization of previously deferred high-margin revenues. Marine and Fitness gross margins declined in the current quarter due to product mix and pricing dynamics during the quarter, and our total corporate operating margin was steady at 24%, with the increased gross margin offset by increased R&D spending of $6 million. Looking briefly at year-to-date metrics, revenue contribution for 2013 is shifting toward our growth segments with Aviation, Fitness and Marine each growing in contribution, and a similar shift is occurring at operating income as well with 67% of our year-to-date operating income coming from our non-Auto/Mobile segments. As previously mentioned, Q3 operating expenses increased by $2 million on a year-over-year basis from $199 million in Q3 of 2012 to $201 million in Q3 of 2013, while increasing 170 basis points as a percent of sales. R&D was the only expense category that increased with a $6 million year-over-year impact, and this represented a 150 basis point impact, as R&D increased to 14% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and grow our engineering workforce with a heavy emphasis on Aviation. Our advertising spend decreased $4 million over the year ago quarter and decreased 40 basis points as a percent of sales to 4% in Q3 of 2013. Much of the decrease was related to declining volumes in PND, as well as reduced promotional activity in Fitness. We will continue to scale our advertising expense to match our revenue trends. SG&A was flat compared to the year ago quarter, increasing 60 basis points as a percent of sales to 13%. We are working diligently to manage these costs as our PND market declines. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of nearly $2.8 billion. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $476 million due to declining sales in the quarter. Accounts receivable accounted for 66 days of sales compared to 66 days of sales in the second quarter and 65 days of sale in the third quarter 2012. Our inventory balance increased to $417 million on a sequential basis at the close of the third quarter in preparation for the stronger holiday quarter. Our days of inventory were 124 days compared to 116 days in the second quarter of 2013 and 125 days in the third quarter of 2012. We continue to generate strong free cash flow across our business as cash from operations was $217 million during Q3. CapEx spending was $12 million during the third quarter. Therefore, we generated free cash flow of $205 million during Q3. Our year-to-date free cash flow is on plan at $439 million. We didn't pay a dividend in the third quarter due to the timing of our fiscal versus calendar quarter. We will pay 4 quarterly installments in the 2013 fiscal year, with 3 paid in the first half and a fourth dividend payment in the fourth quarter, and we repurchased 14 million of company stock and have 273 million still authorized through December of 2014. I have a few more items to discuss relative to our Q3 announcement. Our pro forma effective tax rate for Q3 of 2013 was 15.7% compared to 13.7% in Q3 of 2012. The increased rate was primarily driven by an unfavorable change in income mix by taxing jurisdiction and reduced tax holidays in Taiwan. We did have a significant reserve release of $52 million in the quarter, which drove our GAAP effective tax rate negative. This represents an expiration in the statute of limitations for uncertain tax reserves. We now expect our full year pro forma tax rate to be 16%, an increase from 13.1% in 2012 due to the geographic mix of income. Finally, as Cliff previously discussed, we have updated our 2013 pro forma EPS guidance to be $2.40 to $2.45. Our current revenue forecast does anticipate that Auto/Mobile will continue to be less than 50% of our total revenue in 2013. This concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please open the line for Q&A at this time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: First question about VIRB. Can you give us a sense kind of so far what are you seeing in terms of market adoption? And as you look at the trends today, do you have any targets in terms of market share in that segment for 2014? And then maybe looking out a few years from now?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yair, this is Cliff. Right now, it's still very early days in terms of our rollout of the product, and as we mentioned, we don't expect that it will have a significant impact on Q4. And I think for 2014, again, it's very early days in a new market, and so we're not speculating yet in terms of market share, but we do believe we have a superior product, and we've heard a lot of good reports from our retailers that suggest that customers are interested in what we have to offer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Great. And just one more, in terms of the Auto/Mobile business, I noticed that the deferred revenue balances appear to be flat sequentially. I guess it's surprising given the fact that volumes seem to be decreasing. Can you give us a sense of what we should be anticipating in terms of the deferred revenue balance going towards the back -- the final quarter of the year?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, thanks, Yair. You're exactly right. We had a nominal impact in Q3 on deferred revenues. And as we've stated in the past quarters, we're expecting that amortizations of our past deferrals are going to outweigh any of the incremental deferrals that we put on the balance sheet. So you should expect for the full year 2013 and then going forward that we'll continue to have a -- actually, a tailwind as we move forward in our business.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jonathan Ho with William Blair.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just wanted to see if you could give us some additional color in terms of the Marine business and some of the strength that you're seeing there, and whether you expect sort of this trend to persist throughout the rest of the year?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Jonathan. I think there's a couple of factors at play. As we've mentioned, our new products have been very well accepted by customers and the pricing environment has been favorable as well for customers as we clear out old inventory. So people are buying even later than what they traditionally do in the marine season. The weather situation for 2013 probably delayed the season somewhat. So we were seeing later buying than what we usually do, but we also see some of those trends continuing in the fourth quarter, as particularly, our OEM systems are doing very well, and boat builders are now ramping up production for 2014.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And just in terms of the new Vector power meter systems, I mean, did you have sort of a backlog of orders in advance? Was there sort of a onetime lift from -- in the new product release? Just want to get a sense of how you're seeing maybe the linearity of demand for Vector and continuation to the current quarter?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Jonathan. We did see an initial bump from what we call pipeline fill of that product, and there was pent-up demand. As you know, the product was widely known in advance of its release. But now that, that bubble has kind of gone through, we're seeing more of the static demand, if you will, which is certainly a lower level than what we experienced in the initial stages of the deliveries, but still what we would call strong for a product like this. It's a very niche product.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask a couple more questions on the Fitness segment. I think you referenced some pricing dynamics there. So if you can just expand on what you're seeing in the pricing environment and what your expectations are as we get into next year. And then could you size the impact of the Vector for the quarter, and what you're assuming for the fourth quarter?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, let me take the easy one first. We don't ever break down by product segment, so we aren't breaking down Vector, but we do believe that it has a second order effect with our overall biking products, which were strong in the quarter.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Fitness pricing?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it's marine pricing, Simona, is that correct?
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: It was on Fitness.
Clifton A. Pemble: Okay, thank you. So Fitness pricing, in general in the past year, actually, a year ago in Q3, we introduced the Forerunner 10, and that has been a significant success for us in terms of market share and volume. But as you know, the ASP is lower so we have seen those pricing drift lower in the running segment, but it's very strong in terms of volumes. Our high end continues to be strong in the 910. And now with the introduction of our 620 and 220, we're clearing out product transition in the -- in some of the other product ranges, which will then boost the pricing going forward.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: You guys made a reference in the slides on Fitness to adjacent market opportunities, and I think there had been talk maybe earlier this year that, that would happen this year, and that looks like more next year. I wonder if you could just give us a little bit more color there.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we've talked about that being more of a 2014 opportunity for us, and we're not at the point where we can offer any details in terms of what we have in mind there, but we continue to invest and look for new opportunities in -- across all of our segments in adjacent product categories.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: Great. And then, on Aviation, you mentioned the impact of government shutdown. I wonder if you could help quantify that for us. Obviously, Aviation continue to grow and outgrow the markets. What is it going to look like in Q4 for you guys?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, so far, it's pretty much been on a similar trajectory. We did experience some blip because of the shutdown. Basically, any kind of field approval that was occurring with the installation of avionics, aircraft registrations, certifications, all those things are basically shut down for the period that the government was in the shutdown mode. So we saw that as a blip, and the industry is quite sensitive. So we don't know, as we roll into Q4, what the impact of ongoing budget talks will be as we move towards the end of the year. So we're maintaining kind of a conservative outlook there.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: If I look at the Fitness division for next year and just trying to get a sense of how you developed product planning, and what will kind of -- in what will become an even more competitive market next year, perhaps, how you think about your discipline in R&D spending, which segments of the market you might double down into or push deeper into? And how you kind of plan for higher unit growth next year, but lower ASP trends? For example, should we be looking for a $99 Forerunner watches next year? Just some financial parameters so that you may be able to hold operating margins in this division.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Mark, thanks for the question. I think we feel like we have a very disciplined process in terms of analyzing what our expectations are for not only growth, but also what we need to do in terms of development of new products. So Cliff's already talked a little bit about some of the Fitness products, whether it's Vector or the Forerunner 220 and 620. Those have been planned for quite some time, and we've put a product roadmap together that makes an estimate what our businesses are going to be at every level within the segment. And so if we look out a year from now or even a couple of years from now, we have an estimate of what each of our product categories are going to do, whether it's running or cycling or some of the new products like Vector. So we believe we've got a pretty good handle on what the new products are going to do and how they're going to contribute to our bottom line. You can see from the margin results that it served us pretty well.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I see. So if I extrapolate your discipline on just the growth and also the profitability and the margin, are there any reasons why corporate earnings on a consolidated level would not increase next year?
Kevin S. Rauckman: You're asking for a formal guidance number, and we're really not ready to talk about 2014 yet. I think some of the trends that you've seen with the continuing secular decline on Auto/Mobile with growth across the other segments is what we would expect to see, but we're really not prepared to talk about 2014 EPS expectations at this point.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: But it does seem very process-oriented in terms of the way you're running your product portfolio as opposed to, I guess, other vendors that are moving into this market of Fitness and wearable technology. But then it's really spaghetti on the wall, but I guess, a lot of it is very disciplined focus, I think, on your part.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, again, we know what our pricing points are going to be. We've got our plan to address the demand of our customers, and so we feel -- we still feel like we've got some good opportunity for growth, especially in these non-Auto/Mobile segments.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Tavis McCourt with Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Kevin, first, a clarification on the free cash flow. Have you given us a guidance for that previously for full year, and kind of looks like about $600 million of free cash flow flat year-over-year next quarter. Is that kind of a reasonable guess at this point?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, we had given an estimate of about $525 million of free cash flow, and through the third quarter, we're sitting at $439 million. So we're well on plan for that. We feel good about our overall free cash flow generation for the year.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Cool. And Cliff, I think 3 for you. First, on the Vector, I mean, I guess is it fair to ask in terms of -- is it actually working customer response? Obviously, this was in -- had been delayed for a number of years due to kind of quality issues and wanting to perfect that a little bit more. What has been your experience in terms of the customer response so far?
Clifton A. Pemble: So far the experience has been very positive, and it's been working as we expected. We believe the accuracy and the ease-of-use installation and portability of the product met all of the goals that we had in mind.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And a PND question, your biggest competitor reported this morning, and I think they're talking similar kind of metrics for the industry, but definitely framing it as Garmin taking share in the U.S. and Garmin losing share in Europe. Would you be willing to comment on that as being kind of consistent with what you're seeing? And then also, if I adjust for the deferred revenues, it looks like ASPs in that segment, PNDs are kind of roughly flattish. Is that an appropriate conclusion to draw?
Clifton A. Pemble: ASPs were roughly flat, and in terms of share, yes, according to NPD, the share in the U.S. has definitely grown. I think, in Europe, our view is that we probably held steady. Some of the countries, the bigger countries, we gained some share based on product innovation, and then some of the other countries are a little harder to track. The tracking agencies over there have soft reporting on some countries because the market has gone down due to economic and other reasons so -- but in general, our view is that it's probably held steady in Europe.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from John Bright with Avondale Partners.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Cliff, first question. You seem to express some optimism on Auto OEM. What's driving that optimism? And along the same lines, what are you going to be able to do to combat the incumbency question that exists as you're competing to get into the auto market?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think to add some color to my comments, I would say we were expressing some realism in terms of the fact that it's slow to develop. We still believe that we have unique value to offer in the industry through our solutions, and that's been borne out through J.D. Power kind of results and things that show the customers really appreciate the solutions that we have. But what you're highlighting in terms of incumbency is absolutely true and is a big headwind. Some of these suppliers have been embedded in the system for a long time, and we realize it takes some time to break in.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Second question, Kevin, it's for you. It does go to '14, and I recognize you're not giving guidance, but you've done a terrific job managing your OpEx and the realities of the puts and takes of revenue, the last quarter and this quarter, in particular. As you look forward to '14, do you have the leverage to pull to continue to manage, particularly your SG&A and your advertising expense?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we've chosen to make certain decisions on both of those areas. I think on the SG&A, we do believe that we have managed that pretty well in a period where we've got a strong headwind on PND. Going forward, we do not expect that we would need to increase SG&A significantly. On the advertising, I think we'll look at it more as a percent of sales and hold it pretty consistent. We've got -- we have some new product categories that we'll be introducing and have introduced, and so we look at that kind of the key metric is the whole advertising consistent as a percentage of sales as we go forward.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Let me squeeze one last one in for you, Kevin. I assume the potential headwinds from the FAA furloughs and Aviation that you talked about, that's built into your guidance expectations?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, and we didn't really -- we haven't really changed our guidance for the full year on the top line. So we've definitely baked that in into our Q4 expectations.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Kevin, if you could just give us some sense of anything unusual in terms of channel inventory going into the fourth quarter, and the unrelated question actually is in Fitness and in other segments, maybe Outdoor as well, it looks like software that's listed on your PC, on your tablet, is an increasingly important part of the value proposition to the consumers as they sort of try to analyze their activity. What percentage of your R&D investment is going into software now?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well when we first of all talk about channel inventories, because of the decline in the overall market of PND, we've seen less seasonality in Q4. So really, what used to be somewhat of an issue on -- or at least a challenge in inventory management is less so. We don't really have any issues that we're aware of in the channel. We're -- it's pretty clean going into the fourth quarter with our retail customers. So no major issue there. In terms of the software, I don't think we've really ever quantified that. Software is a key part of our investment across Fitness, Outdoor, pretty much every segment, even Aviation. If you look at the number of people we have working on content and software, it's substantial within our business. So we really never quantified how much that is.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And related to that, do you expect to bring out a sort of platform in relation to VIRB to allow people to basically process their video and then publish?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Paul, we actually already have a utility available for our users that's called VIRB EDIT, which basically allows them to process the videos, edit them, and the unique value that we offer in the market is that a lot of the sensors that customers are using in streaming activities can be overlaid on top of the video so you can see speed, acceleration, heart rate, all these kinds of things. So that tool is already out there and available. And in terms of sharing, most people tend to share over common means like YouTube and others that are out there. So that's not something that we're doing, but we're at least providing the tools for people to be able to create the videos that they like.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Kevin, you guys had pretty good Auto margins in Q3, and trying to think about 2014 in terms of the OEM spend, is there -- was there a greater spend in support of that business in 2013? And sort of all things similar in 2014, would you expect similar types of spending levels or has that been coming down or was that at all a help in Q3?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think we don't break down by category, other than Auto/Mobile, but clearly, with the declining PND business, we've spent less this year on our operating expenses, but -- and we have increased on the OEM -- Auto OEM side in order to innovate and bring about new opportunities and platforms in that area. Going into 2014, I think, again, we haven't settled on any numbers yet for 2014. We're evaluating our 2014 budget now. But I think, in general, we will continue to spend less on PND, and slightly up potentially in Auto OEM, as we pursue opportunity there around the world.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then Cliff, on the K2 system that you've been working on, is it simply incumbency that's the problem? Or have you found that there are any features or aspects to that, that are maybe falling short of what the OEMs are looking for?
Clifton A. Pemble: I don't really see features as being an issue. I think the vision for K2 is pretty encompassing that touches a lot of things in the vehicle. So the scale of the project involving K2 is probably pretty significant. So that's maybe one factor that OEMs might be considering in terms of what they -- what effort they have to go through to incorporate the system. But in addition, it's a very conservative industry, so they tend to choose suppliers with known track records, and building that track record is obviously a challenge.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Makes sense. And then just lastly, your operating income trajectory is obviously improving, and I'm wondering, are you still thinking about returning cash to shareholders primarily through the dividend? And when would you possibly look to raise that? What time of the year do you address that?
Kevin S. Rauckman: We look at the dividend decision. Our board discusses that in the first half of the year, and then we -- because we're a Swiss parent company, we actually have to have -- get Swiss shareholder approval in our Annual Meeting. So it will be in the first half of 2014, specifically in the second quarter because we already have approval to pay a dividend through Q1 of 2014, not only dividend, but I also want to emphasize stock buyback. Those are the 2 primary means in which we return our cash to shareholders.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Ron Epstein with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Kristine Liwag, calling in for Ron. My question is in Aviation, can you give us an update of the expected ramp of the R&D spend on new aircraft development programs?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we commented this year on the reason why our increased R&D is there, primarily due to Aviation, and we have -- we're gaining share in the business jet space, and we're going to be -- have every anticipation to continue. So at this point, we would expect, not only our top line Aviation business to grow double digits, but we would also need to continue to ramp our R&D to be able to serve the customers in that industry.
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. And as a follow-up, for Aviation margins to get back into the 30s level, is it a function of shifting from development to production or the business jet cycle taking off, or taking cost out of the system? How should we think about this? And also, any information on timing would be helpful.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Kristine, as you know, these programs are very intense in R&D, and that continues to be, and will be in the future, our biggest portion of the spend within the segment. I think, historically, there were times we were around that level, but it was probably driven by different kinds of factors in terms of our product mix, and which are different today. So I think in order to serve these OEM opportunities, I don't believe that, that level is as easy to achieve as it was in the past. And the most important thing is to be able to win and execute on the programs.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you, and I think that concludes our earnings call today. So thank you very much for listening, participating. We look forward to closing out the year and updating everyone shortly thereafter. So thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director of Investor Relations Clifton A. Pemble - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, President of Garmin International Inc, President of Garmin USA Inc and President of Garmin AT Inc Kevin S. Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Treasurer of Garmin International Inc, Treasurer of Garmin Usa Inc, Director of Garmin International Inc and Director of Garmin Usa Inc
Analysts: Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Garmin Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Ms. Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead.
Kerri Thurston: Good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd. Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and the related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet. An archive of the webcast and the related transcript will also be available on our website until August 30. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its businesses. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 30, 2012 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Presenting on behalf of Garmin this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As we announced earlier this morning, Garmin recorded strong second quarter revenue and margin performance, with revenue growth in each of our traditional segments of Outdoor, Fitness, Marine and Aviation. While consolidated revenues decreased 3% year-over-year, our traditional market segments contributed 50% in the total revenue mix in the quarter and grew 8% on a combined basis. Gross margins improved sequentially to 55% from 52% in the prior quarter, as segment mix and product mix improved in the seasonally stronger second quarter. Gross margins declined from 59% in the prior year when margins were aided by a one-time royalty benefit of $21 million. Operating margins were 24%, a sequential improvement from 15% in the first quarter, but it declined from 28% in the prior year due to the royalty benefit. Traditional markets contributed 64% of the operating income in the quarter. These strong results allowed us to generate $186 million of free cash flow in the quarter. Kevin will further discuss our financial results in a few minutes. Next, I'll walk you through a review of our results segment-by-segment. Starting first with the Outdoor segment, revenues grew 6% in the quarter, generating 3% operating income growth. Our newer product categories continue to perform well, with golf products and dog tracking and training solutions contributing to the growth. As we forecasted in the first quarter, margins improved as we entered a more seasonally robust period. As we look at the back half of 2013, we continue to see significant opportunities for growth with the introduction of new products and new product categories. The recently introduced Monterra is one example. Targeting a new generation of outdoor enthusiasts and professionals, the Monterra is built on the Android open OS architecture and offers expanded utility through the availability of third-party applications from the Google Play store. In addition, there will be ongoing expansion into new adjacent markets. Turning next to the Fitness segment, revenue grew 3% on a year-over-year basis, as our new cycling products and the Forerunner 10 performed well in the marketplace. Our level of R&D investment in Fitness continues to grow as we prepare for a number of product launches in the back half of 2013 and also explore new product categories. The most anticipated new product deliveries in the third quarter is the Vector power meter, which is expected to accelerate revenue growth in the back half of the year. Vector has entered mass production, and we expect to deliver the product to retailers soon. We are thrilled to finally cross the finish line with this new product and anticipate our customers will appreciate the unique features and value proposition that Vector brings to the cycling market. Finally, as we have previously stated, we anticipate entering new adjacent markets in the future and continue to make investments that position us for long-term opportunities. In Aviation, we posted robust revenue growth of 16% with both OEM and aftermarket contributing to strong gains in the quarter. Operating income was flat due to the acceleration of R&D spending, which increased by $8 million over the second quarter of 2012. We are making good progress in the completion of deliverables through the G5000 system, which enables our OEM partners to complete aircraft-level certification work. Overall, we expect our Aviation segment to perform well for the remainder of the year as the broader market improves and as we benefit from new platforms with our OEM customers. Revenue in the Marine segment grew 7% in the quarter as we deliver new products to the market, including our GPSMAP 8000 series of glass helms and our new combination products as well. Operating margin came in at 20%, rebounding sharply on a sequential basis as new products and higher volumes contributed to improved performance. While this is still not where we would like to be in the long term, we believe it is a step in the right direction. Market results indicate our new products are doing well, and strong shipments have continued into the third quarter due to pent-up demand for these products and aided by the delay that started the Marine season caused by unseasonably cool temperatures. As with each of our segments, R&D expense continues to increase, driven mainly by the increase in staff over the course of the past year. In the Marine segment, we believe our staffing levels are now appropriate and consequently, the rate of growth should stabilize going forward. Finally, in our Auto/Mobile segment, revenues were down 12% in the quarter, with PND market volumes declining at a global rate of approximately 20%, as we anticipated. This decline was partially offset by ongoing market share gains, growth in our OEM business and the amortization of previously deferred revenues. During the quarter, we launched our 7-inch nüvis, which have unique differentiators over competitive and substitute solutions, such as the larger screen and lifetime digital traffic. We also announced the expansion of our relationships with Volkswagen and MINI, offering factory or dealer installed solutions at compelling price points for the compact car market. Overall, our expectations for the PND category remain unchanged, with industry volumes down approximately 20% on a global basis. As we focus on profitability in the category, we will continue to identify niche opportunities, such as fleet management, over-the-road trucking and our recently introduced head-up display for mobile applications. Finally, as stated in the press release, we are maintaining our revenue and pro forma EPS guidance for 2013. While our performance is strong in the second quarter and our traditional markets are on a solid trajectory of growth, we continue to expect the declines in the PND market will be a significant headwind for our top and bottom line. In particular, we expect PND revenues to further decelerate as we compare against the period of strong selling during the third quarter of 2012, driven by the timing of new products and end-of-life promotional activity. We anticipate operating income and operating margin will tend -- trend towards the high-end of our prior range, which will be offset by an anticipated increase in our tax rate. That concludes my remarks. Kevin will now walk us through our Q2 financials in more detail. Kevin?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our income statement and segment results, then move to summary comments on the balance sheet, cash flow, taxes and guidance. We posted revenue of $697 million for the quarter with pro forma net income of $150 million. Our pro forma EPS was $0.76 per share, excluding the large FX gain. Our revenue represents a decrease of 3% year-over-year. Gross margin came in at 55%, a 370 basis point decline from prior year, driven primarily by the $21 million one-time royalty benefit recorded in the second quarter of 2012. Operating margin was 24%, down 400 basis points from the prior year. The components were gross margin unfavorable by 370 basis points and an unfavorable operating expense impact of 30 basis points. Total operating expenses decreased by $4 million in the current quarter with strong reductions in advertising and SG&A, partially offset by a $16 million increase in research and development. Each of the operating expense categories will be discussed in detail on a later slide. Our pro forma EPS, which is adjusted for the foreign currency gain, was $0.76, representing a 22% decrease year-over-year, and we shipped 3.6 million units during the quarter, which represents a 7% decrease year-over-year. Total company average selling price was $192 per unit, up from $184 in Q2 2012, driven primarily by segment mix and the amortization of previously deferred revenue. Cliff has summarized revenue changes by segment, and I would just like to briefly highlight the charts on this page, which illustrates the Auto/Mobile segment representing 50% of our total revenue during Q2 of 2013, as each of our traditional segments grew during the quarter. Looking at profitability by segment, our traditional segments delivered 64% of operating income in the quarter, an increase from 57% in Q2 of 2012. Outdoor and Aviation each contributed an increasing proportion of the operating profit in the current year due to revenue growth. I'd like to briefly discuss year-over-year gross margin changes by segment. Total corporate gross margin declined by 370 basis points in the quarter, with all segments declining. The biggest driver was an Auto/Mobile gross margin decline of 620 basis points, which is primarily attributable -- attributed to the $21 million royalty benefit booked in Q2 of 2012. Marine and Fitness gross margins declined 740 and 390 basis points, respectively, due to product mix in the quarter. Marine continued to discount older products, which pressured margins, but they did improve sequentially as our new products shift. And total corporate operating margin declined 400 basis points, due to the $21 million royalty benefit booked in Q2 2012 and the increased R&D spending within every segment. Looking briefly at year-to-date metrics, revenue contribution for 2013 is shifting to our growth segments with Aviation, Outdoor and Fitness each growing in contribution. A similar shift is occurring in operating income as well, with 68% of our year-to-date operating income coming from our traditional segments. As previously mentioned, Q2 operating expenses decreased by $4 million on a year-over-year basis from $218 million in Q2 of 2012 to $214 million in Q2 of 2013, while increasing 30 basis points as a percentage of sales. R&D was the only expense category that increased, with a $16 million year-over-year impact. This represented a 260 basis point impact as R&D increased to 14% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and grow our engineering workforce with a heavy emphasis on Aviation, currently. Our advertising spending decreased $9 million over the year ago quarter and decreased 110 basis points as a percent of sales at 4% in Q2 2013. Much of the decrease was related to declining volumes in PND, and we will continue to scale our advertising expense to match our revenue trends. SG&A decreased $11 million compared to a year ago quarter, declining 120 basis points as a percentage of sales to 13%. This decrease is primarily attributable to a legal settlement and related fees that were recorded in Q2 of 2012. Moving next to balance sheet and cash flow. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of just over $2.7 billion, which is consistent with Q1 this year. Accounts receivable increased sequentially to $484 million, due to the seasonality of the quarter. Accounts receivable accounted for 66 days of sales, compared to 64 days of sales in the first quarter of 2013 and 62 days of sales in the second quarter of 2012. Our inventory balance decreased slightly to $383 million on a sequential basis at the close of the second quarter. Our days of inventory were 116 days, compared to 119 in the first quarter of 2013 and 98 days in the second quarter of 2012. And we continue to generate strong free cash flow across our business, as cash from operations was $204 million during Q2. CapEx was $18 million during the second quarter. Therefore, we generated free cash flow of $186 million during Q2. Financing activities were $102 million use of cash during the second quarter due to the June dividend payment and the repurchase of $13 million of company stock. There a few more items to discuss relative to our Q2 announcement. Our effective tax rate for Q2 2013 was 16.5%, compared to 10.4% in Q2 of 2012. The increased rate was primarily driven by unfavorable change in income mix by taxing jurisdictions. Similarly, we now expect our full year tax rate to be 15%, an increase from 13.1% in 2012 due to the geographic mix. And finally, as Cliff previously discussed, we're maintaining our full year guidance of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion of revenue and $2.30 to $2.40 of pro forma EPS. As the forecasted growth within each segment remains very close to our original guidance, we are not updating revenue growth by segment at this point. As a reminder, we forecasted 5% to 10% growth in Outdoor, Fitness and Marine segments; 10% to 15% growth in Aviation segment, offset by a 15% to 20% decline in our Auto/Mobile segment. Our current revenue forecast doesn't anticipate that Auto/Mobile will be less than 50% of our total revenue during 2013. This concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please open the line now for a period of Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll have our first question from Charlie Anderson, Dougherty & Company.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: First question on new products. I wonder, as you guys do your forecasting, how do you feel you sort of assumed the ramp of new products in the guidance? And obviously, it could be a pretty big wildcard here. So any color on that? And then also, I wonder if that was why we saw the days of inventory spike up versus last year.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think, Charlie, the new products' forecast has already been built into our guidance. I think, as you know, our Outdoor and Fitness has been trending a little bit below where we expected on the segment level guidance, but we believe that will come back as we introduce these products in the back half of the year.
Kevin S. Rauckman: And in terms of the days of inventory, I think it's the natural seasonality that we see from Q2 to Q3 if you look at -- we talked a little bit about what our expectations are in the upcoming quarter, due to the PND year-over-year differences. But with inventory being down and with just looking at the next few quarters, there was a nominal change in inventory days of supply.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then R&D seemed a little bit elevated, and it looked like from the segment detail, maybe specifically in Marine and in Aviation, I know sometimes that's sort of a leading indicator of design, and I wonder if that was the case there in terms of new platforms maybe you haven't been able to announce yet or if it was more activity around the platforms you've already won.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think in terms of Marine, as I mentioned, we're experiencing year-over-year staffing increases based on headcount that we added during the past year, but we do believe that we are at a level now in Marine that will stabilize going forward. In Aviation, we've had ongoing program costs related to the platforms that we're working on. And so we're investing heavily to finish those and then move on to the next projects.
Operator: We'll go next to Ben Bollin, Cleveland Research.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: I had a couple of questions. So first, Kevin, what was the net impact of the amortized revenue contribution in the quarter for the PND business?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. We actually had a benefit of about $4 million of operating income, about $3 million of sales actually during the period, which is, as we've said throughout the year, we're expecting a fairly small impact each quarter, but it was about $3 million sales impact on deferred revenue that was positive for us.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And another one, when you look at Monterra, the product announcement in the quarter, it's the first alternative OS product that I can recall in the history. What's the strategy, as you look at other operating systems, going forward? Are there any specific segments where you expand on that? Or is this kind of a trial run and you'll see how it goes from here?
Clifton A. Pemble: Ben, I think this is a good example of a market that really wants to have an open OS platform in order to be able to do unique kinds of applications out into the field, whether it's GIS data collection or specialized kind of computations on a geographic basis. So I think we would approach the use of alternative OSs on a case-by-case basis. We feel like Outdoors is one great example, and there may be some others, but I wouldn't expect that it would go across our product lines.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And my last question, when you look at the legacy PND business, how would you look at expense management as those units continue to decline? You talked a little bit about R&D resources there, but what's the right way to think about headcount in that segment and other expenses as you continue to see declines in those units?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think we faced reality for the last several months and quarters on the PND business as it's on a trajectory that's down about 20%, as Cliff said. And we're not spending as much in that segment on R&D, so we have been able to scale that back and -- in some of the other operating expenses as well. And so we have been able to move resources within our business from the declining business into these other traditional segments that are in -- that are still on growth mode. And -- because we manage our businesses by the 5 recordable segments, we have good information on the size and then the scale of those businesses, and that's really how we manage day-to-day.
Operator: Your next question is from Tavis McCourt, Raymond James.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: In the Marine business, you're guiding for 5% to 10% growth for the year, and we saw a nice pickup in June. But I guess, I want to be clear on that. You expect kind of the positive year-over-year trends to continue in the back half of the year, I guess, which would be needed to get to that guidance. Is that correct?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, we're seeing, as I mentioned in my remarks, continued follow-through in the Marine market, and we're pleased with that. We did miss the seasonally strong first quarter due to the late delivery of our products, so we have some ground to make up, but we believe the overall guidance for Marine is reasonably sound.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And in terms of the -- I think in both the commentary related to Fitness and Outdoor, you mentioned about moving into new product adjacencies, which has kind of been your history the last several years in those categories. I guess, can you walk us through any -- like what are the costs of doing that? Are we already seeing the uptick in either research and development or sales and marketing to do that? Can you move in the product adjacencies and still realize leverage? Or are there investment phases that you'll have to go through in those product lines that might impact the margins near term?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think some of the investments have already been realized in those areas as we've been working on those new products and new categories for some time. We do see that we'll have to invest some additional resources in those areas, so I think I would characterize those as incremental at this point. And probably, it doesn't structurally change the overall profile that we have in those segments.
Tavis C. McCourt - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: And aside from Vector which, I guess, I would classify as an adjacency, are any of these kind of this holiday season? Or is this -- that more commentary about next year?
Clifton A. Pemble: Probably, the biggest impact will be next year.
Operator: We'll go next to Paul Coster with JP Morgan.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I ask the same kind of question every quarter, I think, which is, do you have a view yet on what the sort of end game is for the PND market? Will it -- at what point will it stabilize? And what kind of growth decline do you anticipate on the way there?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Paul. I think it's truthfully anybody's guess at this point. The people are prognosticated what the numbers are in the market both in the growth mode and now on the decline mode has tended to outwit some of the best guesses that people have had. So I think it -- we probably can't speculate. We do believe that it does stabilize at a point, and we're planning our business around stabilization. But at this point, we probably can't predict what it is.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right, got it. The -- also OEM business. Can you just give us some sense of the shape of the ramp there and what the contingencies are regarding that ramp? I imagine it has to do with also OEM product introductions and car models and so on.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, that's right. We do see, as we've said in the past, that the OEM business is a long gestation business in the way that it develops. We've seen some good gains in the past year with our new programs at places like Chrysler and Suzuki. Going forward, the growth is contingent upon some of the newer programs, as well as winning new programs. But we would expect it to be -- to develop somewhat on a long-term basis.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right. And finally, your latest thoughts on acquisitions, please.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, the acquisitions has been a key strategy of the use of the cash. This has either stabilized or grown over time. We have, across various segments, continued to look at opportunities, so that is still a part of our strategy in terms of the use of cash. Of course, we can't comment on anything -- on any specific deals. But there have been ideas brought to us across the various segments that we serve.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I mean, there's no specific preconceptions around it? There's not necessarily market share or accretion or whatever? It depends on the technology, it depends on the specifics of the situation?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it definitely depends on the specifics. And I'd say if we're going to lean in one way right now, we'd be more focused on the technology that can help us be even more competitive in the various end markets that we serve.
Operator: We'll go next to Mark Sue, RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: As the segment contribution changes, I'm trying to get a sense of what the new band might be for operating margins on a going forward basis. Can we see a lift, for example, back to the high 20s at a corporate level? It does sound much of the heavy lifting for the new products, such as Vector for Aviation is somewhat behind us. So -- and you're not investing in the PND side. So I'm trying to see what the steady-state OEMs might be or if the band actually tightened.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think what we talked about this year now with our updated -- or slightly updated guidance, we're at the higher end of our earlier range, which is a 20% operating margin. And quite frankly, when we look at a couple of years, this is an area that we need to continue to challenge ourselves and do a good job. A lot of this will depend along what the growth rate on the top line is of our traditional segments. So if PND continues to come down, can we offset that with additional growth of each of these other segments? And if we see that growth with new product introductions and the like, then that can really help us with an operating margin. But are we going to get to a high 20s? I think that's too aggressive. Can we see expended operating margins over time? I think we'll provide some more formal guidance as we go into next year.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Likewise, Kevin, if I am recognizing that there are shared overhead expenses by segment by division. When we look at the cash flow and the concentration of cash flow generation from the Auto/Mobile business now, how does that look like in the future over the next year or so, with that cash flow concentration from one segment to the others?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think that's one thing that we are pleased with in the results today because despite the fact that the PND has declined, we're still growing market share, and we're also still generating a lot of cash out of the Auto/Mobile segment. So I think you will likely see similar numbers. We were at 18% operating margin on Auto/Mobile during the period. I think -- will we be able to maintain that? Maybe not quite that high, but we do have strong margin contributions from each of the other segments, which will help the overall cash flow of the business.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So overall, do you feel that the other segments will generate more cash in the future and I think that's [indiscernible] on PND?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. You've been seeing that in the trend on operating income contribution. I think you'll continue to see that as we go forward.
Operator: We'll go next to John Bright, Avondale Partners.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Cliff and Kevin, I'm going to try to tie a lot of these questions together. The first one, Kevin, on your calendar '13 guidance, you're not changing any of the composition of the ranges between the segments. Is that correct?
Kevin S. Rauckman: That's correct. We still feel pretty comfortable with the earlier ranges that we laid out.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Secondly, you were talking about the new categories in the product launches. R&D certainly is up. Are you managing your sales and marketing G&A well? You targeted -- you talked about targeting adjacent market opportunities. Can you give us -- I know it's tough, any flavor for how meaningful this would be? Or how would you think about that? I think you've already addressed timing.
Clifton A. Pemble: Hey, John, I would probably characterize in the way we planned our guidance that these things are incremental to our overall business.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: All right. In Aviation, I think, in the slides or in the prepared text you talked about growth in -- '13 and '14 will be driven by OEM. What does this mean related to the aftermarket?
Clifton A. Pemble: We're seeing some incremental improvements in the aftermarket during the course so far of 2013, although it's been at a lower level than the contributions by OEM in new platforms that we've had in this segment. I think it's a little tough to call, because Aviation has been one of the slowest markets to respond to gradually improving economic conditions, but we would anticipate that aftermarket would continue to incrementally grow over the course or the remainder of 2013 and into 2014.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: All right. The R&D, a pretty good pickup this quarter. Kevin, the run rate for R&D?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Run rate for the remainder of the year? Is that what your question is?
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Yes.
Kevin S. Rauckman: So we run at around 14% of sales, and we're expecting that our R&D will still be somewhere in that range between 14% and 15% of sales for the full year. So we expect maybe a little bit of an uptick for about -- but in some areas, like Cliff mentioned, Marine, we're pretty much at a level where we feel like we can manage that business without any other increases. So again, overall, I would say, R&D will be between 14% and 15% of sales for the full year.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Final question. You're -- again, you're managing this transition, I think, well. There seems to be light at the end of the tunnel. Given your expectations that Auto/Mobile will be less than 50% of revenue in -- for calendar '13, should investors view calendar '13 as a free cash flow trough and there's a potential for total revenue growth in calendar '14?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think that's a very difficult answer for us to give at this point. We had earlier stated that our free cash flow will be somewhere around 525 for the year. We have -- we really don't come off of that number. The question is, is that a trough? I mean, it's hard to tell. We'll -- again, we'll be able to update you, all, as we get through the back half of the year to see if we feel 2014 and beyond will have a pickup from there.
Operator: We'll go next to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You had some fairly good upside in ASPs, and I think you attributed to that to mix and the benefit from deferred. Can you just give us a bit more detail on the mix side, in particular in terms of what drove the upside there?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think -- I would think, in general, the PND ASP really didn't move much. We've seen just a very low-single-digit decline, which is really helping us because then when we have product mix from our traditional segment that is improving, the prices on many of those, like Marine and Aviation, have impacted ASPs. So that's probably all there really is to talk about in terms of the ASP trends within the business.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then you talked quite a bit about the adjacencies you're investing in, in Outdoor and Fitness. But can you address a little bit more broadly this whole category of Fitness bands and watches? There has been a lot of attention in that category, a lot of upcoming products there from Google, Apple, Sony, startups like Pebble, et cetera. How do you view that strategically? And recognizing it's not necessarily directly competitive, but to what extent do you think it might be substitutive? And how do you guys intend to respond to that?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, Simona, I think speculation around smart watches has been going rampant. And definitely, the market is starting to see some products out there and some functionalities that we can expect going forward. I would view Garmin as kind of an early mover in the whole area of wearable devices. And so for us, we feel that we have some things that we can bring to that kind of market but in our own special way, so it is an area of interest for us.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And the last question on the Aviation segment. Obviously, we had some issues cited both at Bombardier and most recently, at Cessna, related to the ramp of the G5000. That didn't seem to impact your guidance for this fiscal year. Was that because there was an offset to that, to the upside? Or was there just kind of no negative impact from those couple of issues and delay in the ramp of the programs? And then just looking longer term, are there any implications from these couple of issues either for your competitive positioning or the required level of investment?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think that, definitely, we -- the delays have probably muted a bit the OEM revenue that we had been anticipating for the year, although it's still within our guidance range for the segment. I would say that for the delays and our ability to win new business, definitely, it's not what we had anticipated in terms of when we started these programs, but we feel that, on a comprehensive basis, the OEMs will make selections based on a number of factors, and our equipment does bring a huge value proposition to the market. So we think that's going to be a big driver. And we feel like we've learned a lot in the process of doing these new programs, and so we should be able to execute new programs much more efficiently.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And in terms of the level of investment, would that go higher partly in response to these issues? And do you think that there is further investment necessary?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we definitely ramped up additional investments over the course of these programs beyond, probably, what we anticipated in the beginning. So we're already seeing the effects of that. We would expect to see the investments continue to grow over the next year just from the same point of year-over-year comparables. But I think, at some level, we'll reach what we feel is a good level for the level of business that we have.
Operator: We'll go next to James Faucette, Pacific Crest.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: I just had a few follow-up questions. First, can you talk a little bit about the strength that you're seeing in the Outdoor segment? It seems like we were anniversarying some pretty meaningful product launches flash [ph] from last year, but continue -- you guys continue to do well. And it sounds like you're expecting to take a bit more of a step-up as we go into the latter part of the year. Just looking for a little color on how you're seeing the outdoor market developed for Garmin right now.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, James. The outdoor market, I think, has been driven by a couple of things. One is the golf market, where our products have been very popular, particularly at the beginning of the summer season and kind of the moms and dads and grads gifting season. And also, the dog tracking and training area has been an area of growth for us. So these 2 areas really helped drive growth in Outdoor. And our traditional product in the segment continued to be reasonably steady, so that's really the color behind what's going on in Outdoor. I think going forward, again, we're continuing to expand the category, so we will anticipate in the back half of the year that the growth will continue.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then when you look at the Marine segment, you talked about having missed an important window in the earlier part of the year, with a little bit of weight delivery but are catching up now. How are you feeling about that -- the product cadence within Marine is? Is this something where we should continue to see annual product introductions will continue to be important and you're targeting hitting the window better? Or are these longer life products where you don't feel like that's as important as it maybe has been in the last few years?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think my answer would probably be a little bit of both. We know that the product life cycle in Marine is definitely longer, and it typically tends to be in the 2- to 4-year time frame. But with that said, it is still very important when you introduce the new products to introduce in the timing of the season, so that you can take advantage of when people are buying and quipping their boats in the spring.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then last couple of quick questions. Can you just comment quickly on what you're seeing in terms of pricing of PNDs? You've been pretty clear about what you expect unit volumes, but in the past, you've talked about stabilization. I'm just wondering if that's continuing. And then also, could you remind us where you maybe at in any current buyback program approvals?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. So I just mentioned earlier, as James said our -- we do not see much PND price compression. In fact, we're looking at this very small single-digit decline so far this year, and we had that also in the second quarter. So that's really our expectation, even as we go through the back half of the year as well. And then on the buyback, we mentioned that we bought $13 million of stock. In fact, we have $300 million approved by the board that will get us through, not only this year, but the end of 2014. So we really just kind of got going in the second quarter, with some additional buyback and we'll continue that as we progress.
Operator: We'll go next to Jonathan Ho, William Blair.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: I just wanted to get a little bit more color around the fleet management opportunity that you guys had talked about and maybe where you're seeing traction and potentially maybe some color on the distribution model there?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Jonathan. The fleet opportunity is something we view as incremental in the overall PND area. Over the course of the last few years, we have offered both hardware and software solutions to our PNDs that allow other fleet solution providers to integrate our PNDs into their overall solution. And so our most recent entry into this is an evolution of that, where we've taken what was a hardware interface between our product and the equipment that's onboard the vehicle and made it a wireless product that eliminates the need for additional equipment in the vehicle. So it's a step -- additional step into that market. But again, it's something that we would view as incremental and not material to the overall size of the PND market.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. I just also wanted to get an update in terms of what you're seeing in terms of component pricing, whether the volume declines have had a material impact there or whether that's just been offset by natural declines.
Clifton A. Pemble: I think our component pricing, we feel, is progressing as we anticipated. We typically anticipate about a 4% reduction in component cost. We're not seeing any pressure due to the reduced volumes. Our volumes are still very meaningful, and so we have many suppliers who are willing to compete for our business.
Operator: We'll go next to Andrew Spinola, Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Cliff, I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on the heads-up display. It seems like there's been quite a bit more press than I would have expected on that product. I think it's in the market already if I'm not mistaken. I was wondering if you could comment on just sort of the interest in that and the possible sort of benefit you could get from that product.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think we were also pleasantly surprised by the interest in that product as well. We do view that product as an incremental opportunity in the mobile space. I think that the, excitement aside, we probably view it as being a more limited type of upside versus if you read into all the new stories. You might think that it's going to be huge. But that said, it's not yet in the market, it will be soon. But we'll be delivering probably in the next 30 days or so.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then on the announcement in Marine this morning with Volvo Penta. Could you give us some sense of -- are there OEM wins already in place? Or is this -- how is the revenue going to be realized with this relationship? And could you maybe remind me on what the OEM content of Marine revenue is right now? And do you think that this announcement, which I think is one of your bigger relationships, should accelerate the growth in that revenue line going forward?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Our OEM mix in Marine has been a small portion. We've never broken it out, but it's a smaller portion of our overall Marine revenues. We would expect the relationship with Volvo to increase that proportion and thus, grow our sales. Volvo is very strong, as you know, in propulsion, and these systems are variations of our glass cockpits, which allow display of engine information, as well as the integration of systems on the boat. So we feel like there's a unique value proposition here with Volvo and they then take this system and their propulsion equipment to OEMs, which is a selling opportunity. So the revenue model is really like a B2B type of approach, where Volvo is taking the product and then selling it into their customers.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And one last question for Kevin. The Auto margin, I think, was better than I was looking for. And it seemed like there was some cost restraint in the quarter. And I'm just wondering, because I haven't seen the breakdown yet, did you pull back on advertising in the quarter? Or is there something else that maybe went on?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, yes. We did have both SG&A reductions and also, advertising. And advertising, as we said in our formal remarks, had a lot to do with the volume of PND. So that definitely did sell -- sustain our strong double-digit operating margins within Auto/Mobile, yes.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue. I'll turn the conference back over to Mr. Kevin Rauckman to offer any additional or closing remarks.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, again, we want to thank everyone for their interest in the company. We really appreciate the interest and also the questions, and we look forward to updating everyone again in the next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director of Investor Relations Clifton A. Pemble - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, President of Garmin International Inc, President of Garmin USA Inc and President of Garmin AT Inc Kevin S. Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Treasurer of Garmin International Inc, Treasurer of Garmin Usa Inc, Director of Garmin International Inc and Director of Garmin Usa Inc
Analysts: Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Brad Erickson Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. First Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet. An archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website later today and will be posted through the end of May. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its businesses. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 29, 2012 filed with the SEC. Presenting on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and CEO; and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As we announced earlier this morning, Garmin generated solid margin performance, with revenue growth concentrated in highly profitable segments. While consolidated revenues decreased 4% year-over-year, 2 of our most profitable segments, Aviation and Fitness, posted revenue growth. In total, our traditional market segments of Outdoor, Fitness, Marine and Aviation contributed 52% of the total revenue mix in the quarter. Gross margins improved to 52% from 51% in the prior year. We experienced margin improvement due to the amortization of previously deferred high-margin revenue and the shifting of revenues towards high gross margin segments. Operating margins were 15%, a slight decline from 16% in the prior year, with traditional markets providing 75% of the operating income in the quarter. Kevin will further discuss our financial results in a few minutes. We sold 2.5 million units in the quarter, down 8% year-over-year. Declining PND volumes were partially offset by growth in Fitness, Aviation and Outdoor. Next, I'll walk you through a review of our results segment by segment. Revenue in the Marine segment declined 10%, driven by several factors, including an aging product lineup, unfavorable weather conditions and ongoing economic uncertainty. Unfortunately, we also reported an operating loss in the quarter as gross margin was pressured by discounting of existing products. At the same time, R&D expenses were higher, creating further profitability headwinds. While the first quarter marks 2 consecutive quarters of operating loss in Marine, we are committed to returning this segment to long-term profitability through improved efficiency and with the contribution of new products. One of the most important new products is the GPSMAP 8000 series, which will ship this month. This series of glass helm products offer unparalleled features and design while also providing the ease-of-use that customers expect from Garmin. In Aviation, we posted revenue growth of 10%, with the OEM market contributing to strong gains in the quarter. In particular, we saw growth from new customers and recent certifications and expanding presence in helicopters and the emergence of Hawker Beechcraft from bankruptcy. Revenue growth, along with strong margin performance, in the segment translated to 22% operating income growth for Aviation. During the quarter, we continued to gain market share in the helicopter industry, with Enstrom announcing their selection of our G1000H for their 430B helicopter. Also in the quarter, we expanded our leadership in ADS-B solutions, with the delivery of certified products that meet the requirements of the FAA mandate for tens of thousands of impacted ineligible aircraft. While our first quarter performance was strong, we recognized that demand for light business jets remains under pressure, and thus, we are cautious. We continue to look towards the future by investing in multiple business jet certifications slated for entry into service later in 2013 and beyond. In addition, we've introduced innovative new products for the experimental aircraft market and mobile applications that solidify Garmin's leadership in a broad range of solutions for general aviation. Outdoor segment revenues declined slightly in the seasonally weak first quarter. We also experienced some gross margin compression, as pricing declined slightly and product mix skewed towards low-end devices. Given that the first quarter is traditionally the weakest for the segment, we expect margins to improve for the remainder of the year. As we look at 2013, we continue to see significant opportunities for growth. There are new products that we'll be shipping throughout the year; ongoing market share gains in key categories, like golf, dog tracking and training; and ongoing expansion into new adjacent markets. Turning next to the Fitness segment. Revenue grew 2% on a year-over-year basis, as our new cycling products performed well in the marketplace. While this growth may appear lesser or less than expected, it's important to remember that the Fitness segment experienced 26% growth in the first quarter of 2012 with the launch of the Forerunner 910XT resulting in a challenging year-over-year comparison. During the quarter, we made significant enhancements to Garmin Connect with improved social features and training plan capabilities that enhance the utility and appeal of our online fitness portal. As we reflect on the fitness market, we remain excited about the opportunity as active lifestyles continue to gain popularity. To illustrate, Running USA estimates that participation in half marathon events in the U.S. increased by 15% in 2012, and the trend is expected to continue in the future. USA Triathlon reported a 20% increase in memberships in 2012, with a 10% increase in adult memberships and over 40% increase in youth memberships. These trends support our belief that the fitness market will continue to grow for many years to come. Finally, we anticipate entering new adjacent markets in the future. In particular, we are pleased with the progress our Vector power meter is making, which remains on track for delivery this summer. Finally, in Auto/Mobile, revenues were down 10%, with PND volumes declining as anticipated, partially offset by the amortization of previously deferred revenues and growth in our OEM product categories. Given that we entered 2013 expecting PND market declines, we are managing the business to this reality in order to ensure long-term profitability for this segment. Overall, our expectations for the PND category remain unchanged, with annual volumes down approximately 20% on a global basis. Our R&D efforts in this segment are focused on essential features that enhance the driving experience and building upon our success in the OEM market by providing superior integration of technologies with an intuitive user interface. One recent success to highlight is our announcement of the partnership with Mercedes-Benz. We will provide Garmin branded navigation solutions beginning in some 2014 models, with the expansion into additional models over the next 4 years. This software-based solution provides seamless integration with the entertainment system using the award-winning Garmin user interface. Our software system provides navigation information to the instrument cluster directly in front of the driver, which is known to reduce driver workload and distraction. Our system also includes the underlying engine providing location data for the advanced driver assistance functions that Mercedes-Benz will be offering in future models. This is an exciting partnership and highlights the success that our OEM team has achieved in gaining new business opportunities across the automotive brand spectrum. That concludes my formal remarks. Kevin will now provide a more detailed review of our financial performance for the quarter. Kevin?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our income statement and segment results, then move to summary comments on the balance sheet, cash flow, taxes and guidance for the year. We posted revenue of $532 million for the quarter, with net income of $89 million. Our pro forma EPS was $0.40 per share excluding the foreign currency loss and tax benefits due to the release of reserves. Our revenue represents a decrease of 4% year-over-year. Gross margin came in at 52%, a 90 basis point improvement from prior year, driven by the benefit of deferred revenue amortization. Operating margin was 15%, down 120 basis points from the prior year. The components were the gross margin favorability of 90 bps, offset by an unfavorable operating expense impact of 210 basis points. Total operating expenses increased by $3 million in the current quarter, driven by an $8 million increase in research and development. Each of the operating expense categories will be discussed further on a later slide. Our pro forma EPS, which is adjusted for both foreign currency losses and tax benefits from the release of reserves, was $0.40, representing an 11% decrease year-over-year. And we shipped 2.5 million units during the quarter, which represents an 8% decrease year-over-year. The total company average selling price was $214 per unit, up from $205 in Q1 2012, driven primarily by the amortization of previously deferred revenue. Cliff has summarized the revenue change by segment, but I would just like to briefly highlight the charts on this page, which illustrates the Auto/Mobile segment representing less than 50% of our total revenue during Q1 2013, as both Aviation and Fitness grew in the quarter. Looking at profitability by segment, we have almost equal operating income contribution from each of our profitable segments in Q1 2013, with an offsetting loss in Marine. Due to the improved operating margin of Auto/Mobile in the current year, the operating income contribution of this segment increased to 25% from 20% in 2012. Aviation also contributed an increasing proportion of the operating profit in the current year due to revenue growth and improved margins. The Aviation segment contributed 26% in the current quarter compared to 19% in the prior year. I'd like to briefly discuss year-over-year margin changes. Gross margins improved by 90 basis points in the quarter, as both Auto/Mobile and Aviation margins improved. The Auto/Mobile improvement is attributable to the increased amortization of previously deferred high-margin revenue. Aviation gross margin improvement is primarily due to improving volumes and sales mix. Offsetting this improvement was a significant decline in Marine gross margin, as Cliff previously discussed. Operating margin decreased -- declined 120 basis points due to increased R&D spending in every segment. Marine was the most impacted, with a 24% increase in R&D leading to an operating loss in the quarter. And Outdoor operating margins also declined, driven by gross margin pressure caused by product mix and pricing, a 17% increase in R&D and a slight increase in SG&A based on expense allocations. As previously mentioned, Q1 operating expenses increased by $3 million on a year-over-year basis from $193 million in Q1 2012 to $196 million in Q1 of 2013 and increased 210 basis points as a percentage of sales. R&D was the only expense category that increased with the $8 million year-over-year impact. This represented a 220 basis point impact as a percent of sales to 16% of sales. We continue to invest in innovation and grow our engineering workforce. Our advertising spending decreased $2 million over the year-ago quarter and decreased 10 basis points as a percent of sales at 4% in Q1 2013. We will continue to scale our advertising expense to match our revenue trends. SG&A decreased $4 million compared to the year-ago quarter and remained steady at 16% of sales. The decrease is primarily attributable to legal fees. Instead of showing an eye chart with full balance sheet and cash flow statement, we just wanted to highlight a few items allowing you to reference the full statements in our press release. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over $2.7 billion. This is a decline from the end of 2012, as we paid both the December 31 and March 31 dividends in the quarter. Accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $451 million due to the seasonality of the first quarter. Accounts receivable accounted for 64 days of sales compared to 81 days of sales in the fourth quarter and 66 days of sales in the first quarter of 2012. Our inventory balance has increased slightly to $396 million on a sequential basis at the close of first quarter in preparation for the stronger seasonal period. Our days of inventory were 119 days compared to 117 in the fourth quarter of 2012 and 102 days in the first quarter of 2012. We do not currently show a dividend payable, as the $1.80 per share proposed by the board requires approval of our shareholders on June 7 at the annual meeting. We continued to generated free cash flow across our business, as cash from operations was $59 million during the first quarter. This was negatively impacted by a $41 million tax related prepayment that will be reimbursed in the second quarter. Our CapEx during Q1 was $12 million. Therefore, we generated free cash during the quarter of $48 million. This would have been $90 million without the tax prepayment. Financing activities were $174 million use of cash during Q1 due primarily to the dividend payments on December 31 and March 31. We expect our second quarter will show a significant lift in free cash generation. A few more highlights -- items to highlight during our Q1 results. Our recorded tax rate for Q1 was negative 8.6%. The favorability resulted from reserve releases associated with completed audits and the expiration of statutes in certain jurisdictions. Without this benefit, our tax rate would have been 11.6%. Also in the quarter, we recognized 2012 R&D tax credits due to the delayed enactment of applicable tax legislation. As we indicated in February, this credit was factored into our overall tax rate forecast for the year. We did not repurchase any shares in the first quarter, but we do intend to repurchase shares throughout the year. Finally, at this time, we are maintaining our full year guidance of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion in revenue and $2.30 to $2.40 of pro forma EPS. As in prior years, we will update 2013 guidance by segment after the second quarter, which is a seasonally stronger quarter, providing a better preview for the back half of the year. This concludes our formal remarks. Operator, please open the line for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll take our first question from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Kevin, if we consider the moving parts related to the segments, the better Aviation, the better, solid Fitness side, and then you had some weakness in the Marine and the slowing trends in Outdoor, how should we think about the full year EPS, the moving parts there? I know you're maintaining the outlook, but I would imagine that the higher-margin businesses are doing better, so -- and you're minding your expenses, so you probably have better clarity on the EPS at this point?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Mark, we had a little bit of trouble understanding you, but I think what you're asking about is the EPS trends for the rest of the year. As we've said, Q1 is our seasonally weakest period, and so as we go into Q2, we're expecting both growth and operating margin to increase as we go into Q2 and then through the remainder of the year until we get into the holiday season. So at this point, as we've stated, our earnings per share target of $2.30 to $2.40 is still intact.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then as we think about the cash flow, any reason to think that the bracket for the cash flow generation for the calendar 2013 may be dramatically different from what we saw last year? Just to kind of moving parts, I would imagine that your CapEx is still very low and you're still seeing very good cash flow generation?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. The earlier expectation on free cash flow is somewhere around $525 million for the year, which is lower than 2012. But as you pointed out, our CapEx is still expected to be in the range of about $40 million for the year, and that's in line with what we saw in Q1 as a seasonal rate.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. One last question. Conceptually, if you think longer-term, in a few years out down the road for Garmin, is there any new category that's in early development, or is what we see what we get for the foreseeable future? Just trying to think as we see some maturation of the core business, you're seeing growth in some other segments, but if there's anything else in the horizon that you can invest in.
Clifton A. Pemble: Mark, as has been our history, we continue to work on new applications in new adjacent markets for GPS. We're unable to share details of those at this time, but we do have some innovations that we continually work on and we'll continue to do in the future.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Yair Reiner from Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: So first, I think you had a little bit less disclosure about the deferred revenue. According to my math, that is about $22 million to revenue and about $0.07 to EPS. Is that the right way to think about it?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, we have elected to -- now that we're in a period where deferred revenues are a positive. We did have a positive benefit. And those numbers are pretty close. We're actually looking at about an $0.08 EPS impact from Q1.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then a question about the fitness market. I understand that you're facing difficult comps this quarter. But I guess in general, there's a little bit of a delta between some of the market indicators that you cited in terms of growth and the more moderate growth that you've been experiencing. So I guess the question is, what have you seen in terms of competition both from direct competitors like TomTom and also from adjacent devices like smartphones? And how do you see kind of the R&D that's going to be required in that segment to stay competitive going forward?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we do see more competitors entering the market. You mentioned one of those specific cases, and there are definitely more. We -- you mentioned the statistics that we cited, which is true that there is a big increase in fitness-related activities. And I think generally, we've been seeing that reflected in our business. Last year, we did have the big boost from the 910, which reflects that upper-end market that I was talking about. And our Forerunner 10 has also been doing very well in the marketplace, but it's lower ASP, so it's more difficult to generate the revenue increases. But in general, we feel good about our positioning in the market, and we continue to work to expand the market both at the top-end and the low-end.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Can I just -- give us your view of what you think the market did in PNDs in the first quarter, and how you think your market share did?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we think that the market continues to decline pretty much in line with expectations that we have, which was down on a global basis about 20%. We saw that, and reflected in the U.S. figures and in Europe, the figures are lagging a little bit behind, so we don't have precise details on those. But in general, we feel like it's performed about what we expected.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And from a market share perspective?
Clifton A. Pemble: Market share in North America, we grew our share quarter-over-quarter 6 points. So from last year Q1, it was 64%, and this year, it was 70%.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then within the PND segment, you typically have an ASP increase in the first quarter, just following the discounting in the holiday quarter. Was that the case this time as well?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Actually, we have the deferred revenue benefit that if you strip that out, our PND pricing came down in single digits in Q1. So from a sequential basis, we saw an increase, but year-over-year, it was down in single digits.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. And again, just stripping out the benefit from deferred, we calculate about a 200 basis point decline in gross margin in the PND business on a sequential basis. So I'm just kind of trying to square that with the sequential increase in ASPs. It would seem that the cost per device would have gone up, but I just wasn't sure why that would be.
Kevin S. Rauckman: No, I don't think the costs have actually increased at all. I think we're expecting overall costs during the year to be down in single digits, around 3%. So I think we may need to take that offline to see what you're looking at on the change in both cost and gross margin on PND.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, on the auto OEM business. If you can update us on whether that's approaching EBIT breakeven at this point, and also if you still expect any potential infotainment wins for the 2014 model.
Kevin S. Rauckman: So the first point on auto OEM, we did see an increase on the sales during Q1 as a part of our overall Auto/Mobile segment. From an EBIT positive, we're not at that point, so we're still investing very heavily on the R&D to -- for future infotainment wins. And Cliff identified the Daimler-Mercedes-Benz relationship that we will have to wait on future announcements when they become available.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Bright with Avondale Partners.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Following up on the OEM discussion and Mercedes-Benz. You mentioned that this is a navigation software. Was hardware potentially part of this? And if so, you didn't win that, why not?
Clifton A. Pemble: No. The program that we were competing for was strictly a software-based program.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Who did you win the business from?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think they've had many solutions in the past, driven mostly by the suppliers that they've selected in-house solutions. So this is a solution now that they're going with a branded navigation from Garmin.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: On the Aviation side, in the prepared text, you mentioned numerous business jet certifications slated for completion in the months ahead. Can you give us some more detail there, who, maybe the size of the opportunity?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we've talked about those in the past, but I think that the players are well-known. We've got the Learjet 70 and 75, as well as the Citation Sovereign and the Citation 10 that's coming this year. And then there's new models, the M2, the Latitude and others coming in the future.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: And then lastly -- well, actually 2 more. One on the Marine side, also in the prepared text, I think you talked about innovation forthcoming in glass helms, maybe a timeframe on that?
Clifton A. Pemble: As I mentioned in my remarks, we'll be shipping that product this month.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: And then, I guess, the last question probably would be for Kevin. Kevin, the -- you managed your advertising and SG&A well. Talk about the factors to doing that and the sustainability.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we're sensitive to being able to maintain a strong operating margin, so we've been able to scale advertising as a percentage of sales, and we're still expecting that to be around 5% for the full year. SG&A, we had some benefit on administrative costs. And I think as we go through the year, we'll be able to sustain that as well to manage those expenses. We're very sensitive to not growing that during the year as we go through 2013.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Brad Erickson with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brad Erickson: Just a couple. First, in terms of replacement rates as it pertains to the Outdoor and Fitness business specifically. Can you kind of talk about what you've been seeing there and how you expect that to develop going forward?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, they typically tend to be driven by product releases and innovation, so it's probably longer than like the PND market would be, but probably in the range of 2 to 4 years.
Brad Erickson: Has that changed at all recently, or are you expecting any change in that going forward?
Clifton A. Pemble: Don't expect any change in that.
Brad Erickson: Okay. And then on the Aviation side of the business. I think you guys had always anticipated that, that would be somewhat back-end weighted, and I know you don't want to update any specific guidance. But can you give us any sense of how you're feeling about your targets for the Aviation segment for 2013?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we stand by our estimates that we gave there.
Brad Erickson: Fair enough. And then on the Marine side, I won't go at it from, I guess, the same direction, but obviously, that business got off to a little bit of a slow start, and you talked about the muted part of the early buying season. Can you kind of talk about what you need to do to get caught up there or what has to happen in order for that to occur?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think specifically, we need to get our new products to market, which we're doing. Some of the new 2013 line has already launched and is in the market. And then, as I mentioned, our biggest contributor, the 8000 series will be launching this month. So we have to execute on those. We are waiting to see, in terms of the full year, how things go here in Q2. As you pointed out and as we mentioned in our remarks, the market has been somewhat muted due to the weather and the economy. And so we're hopeful that we can, with the delivery of our new products, make up some of the lost ground that we've lost here recently.
Brad Erickson: Great, that's helpful. And then finally, just on the cash flow from ops being obviously a bit lower, you commented on the prepaid expense for the taxes. Can you kind of go and give us any color on any of the other puts and takes there, and kind of why there was so much more movement this year than years past?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think in addition to that, we had some other prepayments during the period that impacted us. And I think if you at look at deferred revenue that was -- from a cash perspective year-over-year was actually a negative. So if you take that into account, if you look at Q1 2012 to Q1 2013, we were actually on even ground, it's not a little bit higher, factoring in those adjustments for free cash flow.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Kevin, with respect to the full year guidance, what do you estimate the deferred add-back on revenue and the impact on EPS would be for the full year?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, we were expecting it will be positive. And I think if you look at just the seasonality, we had most of that benefit in Q1, so I think it'll be pretty nominal as we go into Q2 and Q3. And then at this point, we're expecting just a small negative hit actually in Q4. So for the full year, positive but not that much different than what we saw in Q1.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: All right, got it. I know that for several years now, you've expected that the traditional business, the growth therein, which is a little bit more subdued at the moment than we'd expected, would eventually outweigh the decline in the PND business and the overall company would return to growth. Are you in a position to make a call as to when you think that inflection point is going to take place?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I don't think we're in a position now other than we're optimistic on the Outdoor, the Fitness, the Aviation business. Absolutely, Aviation performed very well during Q1. If you look at the overall trends, I think we're still expecting that we'll get to a point where we have to do that -- to the point where we can say when that will occur.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Is there any market research you've done recently that has changed your view as to where the PND market stabilizes in terms of unit volumes in the developed nations?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think over the years, the market research has repeatedly called the PND market wrong both on the upside, as well as on the downside. So I don't think there's any crystal ball for that. But we're managing the business to what we think -- this year is the reality, which is down 20%.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: I had a couple of questions. The first one, looking at the Marine business. A lot of gross margin pressure there on some pricing actions. Can you talk a little bit if those were preemptive pricing actions to clear out inventory, was it reactionary? And how was that split between OEM versus aftermarket customers?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it's really more surrounding the launch of our products, so it's really preemptive in clearing the channel from existing inventory. I think OEM and retail pricing tend to follow the same trends, so I don't think there is anything material in OEM that would differ from retail in terms of the trend.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. Another item, looking at this auto OEM opportunity. Could you walk us through how you look at the dollar content per vehicle and then longer-term how you view the total adjustable market developing?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think the dollar content per vehicle is extremely high if you consider every kind of electronic that's in the vehicle. Naturally, there's certain areas where we can play, and the number of players in the spaces where we have confidence is high. So at this point, we're really in a building mode. We're gaining credibility and winning opportunities in order to try to bring the business to a sustainable point.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Okay, got it. And the last question, all sorts of stories and rumors about looming competition from smart watches. I'm curious as to how you look at the potential impact of competition, what you're doing now to mitigate all these vendors that are potentially coming into this market.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think there's probably 10 stories today on smart watches, so the rumors are definitely rampant out there. We believe that the kinds of markets that we serve with the kinds of products that we design are specifically what our customers want for the activities that they have. I think a lot of the examples that we've seen, again, they're all just speculation, but they aren't really products that you could do some of the activities and have the utility that we have in our products. So we're continuing to innovate and respond with anticipation for where the market will go. But at this point, they're mostly just rumors, and there's not a lot we can comment on.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: I wanted to hone in on Outdoor, the margin being a little weak in Q1, and you talked about it improving. I wonder if you could talk about which products are going to allow you to do that. And is that sort of a high-end dynamic, mid-range, low-end? Any color there would be helpful.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, the -- in Q2, we'll be releasing our new Oregon series, which should help improve some of the gross margins. And one of the factors we mentioned in the comments was the shift to lower-end devices. We think the Oregon series will help us move towards more of the higher-end mix. Also, we did start to deliver our fenix watch again in the quarter, and we should be doing more of that in Q2, so that will also help.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: And then on the buyback. I wanted to ask -- you didn't buy back anything in the quarter. I think your guidance for the full year implied some buyback, and you said you intend to do some in the year. I wondered if there's anything sort of structurally or, call it, back office holding you back in Q1, or if it was just an opportunistic thing?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Not really. It's more opportunistic. And we realized that Q1 is our seasonally weakest quarter. So we had very few days actually to be in the market outside of the blackout period, so we like to just to wait until we got into Q2 to be -- again, to be more opportunistic in the buyback.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just a big picture question. We're seeing lots of investments called venture investment in devices that use sensors other than GPS called accelerometers, gyros and then if you move over navigation, LIDAR-type sensors for self-driving cars, those sorts of things. I wonder just sort of long-term how you view your play as it relates to GPS versus other sensors, if we're going to see a shift over time to more investments in some of those other categories utilizing those other sensors.
Kevin S. Rauckman: There's no question that some of those other sensors are getting a lot of attention, and there's a lot of activity around how to utilize those in the vehicle. We strongly believe that GPS will always play a strong role in whatever navigation solutions are in the vehicle because inertial sensors alone aren't sufficient to be able to guide the vehicle and accomplish what drivers want to do. So we still believe strongly in that. And at the same time, we have our own expertise in the area of inertial sensors on many of our product lines that include accelerometers and gyros and things like that.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jonathan Ho with William Blair.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just starting out with the Marine segment, I just wanted to see if you guys have seen any change in the competitive environment, particularly new entrants into the freshwater market or potentially maybe some resurgence from some legacy players that are under new management?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, we don't really see any impact from new players at this moment. I think there's basically a group of 3, particularly in the North American market, and probably 4 in the international market that continue to compete together. And the market, as we view it, is somewhat capped and limited. So that is a game of trading market share through product innovation and winning customers.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And then in terms of the seasonality pattern for the year, are you guys still thinking about this as being fairly similar to last year, or how should we think about seasonality from that perspective?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, we don't see any major trends. We would expect, as we mentioned, a Q2 uptick in seasonality due to spring buying and then as we get into Q4, clearly, still expect a holiday buy. I think the impact on magnitude is probably less, but we saw that last year as well. So again, Q2 is stronger, and then Q4 is the strongest seasonality during the year.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And just one last question in terms of the Mercedes-Benz deal. Just wanted to understand from a reputation standpoint if this is a really significant milestone, or should we just think about it as sort of a step-function improvement in terms of your ability to compete in the OEM segment?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think it's safe to say that Mercedes-Benz is an iconic nameplate in the automotive industry, and they're known for their particular quality and reputation. And so we view it as a very significant milestone and something that we attribute to the strength of our brand, as well the ease-of-use of our operating system.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And just finally, on the Mercedes deal. How should we think about the margins that are associated with the deal just given that it's more software-oriented relative to the other portions of the Auto [indiscernible] business?
Kevin S. Rauckman: So we haven't commented on specific margins other than that, I would say, they're in line on our auto OEM business similar to what we have in PND. So the overall Auto/Mobile segment margins shouldn't be impacted materially due to this deal.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Andrew Spinola with Wells Fargo.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: In mid-March, you guys filed an 8-K relevant to the Lear 70 and 75 opportunity, and there were some delays there, and a sort of interest-free loan that you had to make the Bombardier. Can you give us some color around what happened there, how things stand now, and whether you think you'll recognize some revenue in 2013 from those platforms?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, so that situation was surrounding some delays in the program that were impacting Lear's ability to ramp up their production. And so as part of our partnership, we did agree to provide a free cash flow bridge for them to be able to do that. We're tracking to plan in terms of the terms of that and the program in general so that we can start the repayment cycle. And in terms of revenue recognition, yes, we have been recognizing some of that as they've been starting to spend on their production line.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then you made the comment earlier about continuing to heavily invest in the auto OEM platform, and I'm just trying to think about what that might mean. Because if I think about the K2, you developed that essentially, to the best of our knowledge, on spec. You built it, now you're out there, I suppose, selling it. And given where you are with that platform developed, what would be the spending going forward? Are you adding new capabilities to the K2? Or is it specific spending related to opportunities or RFPs? And also, when you talk about heavy investment, you're talking about sort of similar levels on an absolute, or do you see those levels growing in dollars?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think in general from where we are today, they're growing -- our levels of investment will continue to grow year-over-year, but we're flattening that peak now as we kind of see the level of business that we have there. In terms of K2, we're continuing to develop features and be able to showcase the system for opportunities that are being vetted to us through RFPs and the like. So in general, I would say, it's more incremental work at this point.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And just lastly, would you say that given your recent win with Mercedes and with the K2 and the Suzuki product in production, I know you can't give us sort of wins, but do you feel like you've -- your traction in this market is improving? And that's it for me.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think all of the things that you mentioned are significant milestones, becoming a Tier 1 supplier on a hardware infotainment system, winning an opportunity like Mercedes with an incredibly respected nameplate in the market. So we believe we've been making steady progress. As we've been saying in the past, the progress is slow because this industry is a slow-moving industry. But in general, I think we're pleased with where we're at.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ron Epstein with Bank of America.
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's actually Kristine Liwag calling in for Ron. On Aviation, Cessna citation's kind of your first Part 25 aircraft. Is there anything about the FAA certification process that may have surprised you so far?
Clifton A. Pemble: I don't think anything has surprised us. I think every time you move up a level of certification complexity, there's more work involved, and there's some learning process that goes on with that. But in general, I think it was along the lines of our expectations. I would point out that one of our previous programs, the Phenom 300 was a Part 23, it was called Fast 4, which is actually in terms of requirements very close to Part 25, so we did have some previous experience as well with that level of rigor.
Kristine T. Liwag - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Sure. And then it seems like there's a possible refresh opportunity in the horizon with Gulfstream as they kind of look at the G450, G550. Can you kind of talk about your capabilities with regards to pursuing large cabin business jet platforms?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we think our G5000 system is well positioned to be able to compete in the large cabin -- larger business jet market. So at this point, we feel pretty good about where we're at. And as we get some of these certifications under our belt, I think we'll be in a good position to compete on future programs.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Yair Reiner from Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on Aviation. You had a very strong quarter there. I was wondering, was there any impact there from maybe some inventory build at the OEMs ahead of the entering to service, or should we think about that $80 million you had in the first quarter as the new base rate from which we'll actually see some growth as production begins to ramp on these new platforms?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we feel good about where we are in Aviation right now. In terms of the Q1 results, we mentioned 3 factors: one was new platforms, the other was helicopter and the third was the reemergence of HBC from bankruptcy. And pretty much we felt like the improvement was spread evenly amongst all of those different causes. So we think going forward, we should continue to be growing, and we feel good about our estimates for the year.
Operator: And we have no further questions over the phone at this time.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Okay, so thanks again everyone for your contribution, for your interest in Garmin. We look forward to progressing throughout the year, and we'll update you for the 2013 as we conclude Q2. So thanks again.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-20 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director of Investor Relations Clifton A. Pemble - Chief Executive Officer, President, Director, President of Garmin International Inc, President of Garmin USA Inc and President of Garmin AT Inc Kevin S. Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Treasurer of Garmin International Inc, Treasurer of Garmin Usa Inc, Director of Garmin International Inc and Director of Garmin Usa Inc
Analysts: Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. As a reminder, today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Ms. Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd's. Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Please note that the earnings press release and related slides are available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet. The archive of the webcast and related transcript will also be available on our website until March 29th. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, which is on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our 2012 filing will occur next week. Attending on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. At this time, I'll turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As we announced earlier this morning, business trends for Garmin decelerated in the fourth quarter with consolidated revenues down 16% year-over-year. Gross margins remained strong at 48.6% and operating expenses declined 4% in the period. However, operating margins declined to 19.5% due to the weakness in revenues. As a group, our traditional market segments of Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and Fitness contributed 66% of our total operating income in the quarter. We generated $163 million in free cash flow during the quarter, resulting in a cash balance of just under $2.9 billion. Though these results did not meet our expectations for the quarter, we were pleased with our continued strong profitability and cash flow generation. Reviewing the full year, consolidated revenue declined 2%. However, pro forma EPS grew 4% as margins exceeded the expectations we established at the beginning of the year. Operating income grew 9% to $604 million, with all segments, excluding Marine, contributing to the growth. As a group, our traditional market segments posted revenue growth and contributed over $1.2 billion in total revenue for the year. The revenue growth in these segments, combined with our strong margin profiles, generated 63% of our operating income. We delivered approximately 15.4 million units in 2012, a decline of only 3% year-over-year. Lower PND unit shipments were partially offset by growth in auto OEM, Outdoor and Fitness. We generated $646 million in free cash flow in the year, which is partially used to fund our quarterly dividend and small acquisitions throughout 2012. Next, I will review each of our business segments highlighting 2012 performance, 2013 outlook and a summary of long-term strategic initiatives for each one. Looking first at the Marine segment, on a full year basis, we reported year-over-year revenue decline of 6%, driven primarily by weak market conditions in Europe. Operating income declined significantly, as we invested heavily in research and development to deliver a growing portfolio of products. Though this has reduced segment profitability in the short term, we expect to see improved revenue performance in 2013 as a result of this investment. During the year, we acquired Nexus Marine, resulting in an expansion of our presence in the sailing market, which is an area of strategic focus for our Marine segment. In 2013, we are targeting revenue growth of 5% to 10%, as we anticipate market conditions will improve and recent product introductions will generate additional revenue. These new products include our recently announced glass helms, chartplotters and fishfinders which deliver improved performance through the addition of GLONASS and enhanced sonar capabilities. We also introduced the quatix, a watch that includes compelling marine features, rugged utility and the versatility of wireless connectivity to the Garmin Marine network. The product is another great example of how we successfully leverage products and technologies across our business segments. In the long term, our objective is to increase our market share across the recreational boating industry. We will continue to integrate and leverage our acquisitions in this segment, resulting in a broader range of products for our customers. And finally, we will focus on improving the operating margin performance over the long term. While we expect inherent improvements due to revenue growth, we also see opportunities to improve profitability through increased efficiencies in the Marine segment. Turning next to Aviation, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 2%. Operating income also grew 2% for the year, due to increased sales and improved gross margins, which offset higher operating expenses in the segment. During 2012, we secured a number of significant wins in the Part 25 business jet market. Cessna selected our G5000 system for the Citation Sovereign slated to enter the market in 2013. Cessna also selected the G5000 for the Citation Longitude, a newly designed aircraft that will enter the market in 2017. In addition, Bombardier selected the G5000 for the new Learjet 70 and 75, which will also enter into service in 2013. Utility and flexibility of our integrated cockpit systems has created opportunities outside of our traditional Aviation business. Northrop Grumman selected Garmin to provide the integrated flight deck for the optionally piloted Firebird. This is a commercial off-the-shelf solution that offers the required capabilities at significant time and cost savings to the manufacturer. Also in 2012, we launched several new system components that position us to secure more content in future OEM and retrofit installations. These components include a solid-state weather radar, ADSP and enhanced TCAS solutions. In 2013, we are targeting revenue growth of 10% to 15% in the Aviation segment. We anticipate the industry will remain relatively flat, with Garmin's growth driven by numerous certifications that expand our share in the business jet market. In addition, we anticipate that recent product introductions will contribute to the growth. Longer term, our growth initiatives are focused on continued development of our G3000 and G5000 platforms with OEM partners, which serves as the foundation of our growth in 2013 and beyond; identifying and capitalizing on additional retrofit opportunities, as well as commercial off-the-shelf opportunities within the military and government sectors; further share gains in the helicopter market; and capitalizing on opportunities created by the FAA's transformation of the national airspace system from a ground-based system of air traffic control to a satellite-based system in air traffic management. Turning next to Outdoor. In the Outdoor segment, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 11%, which was primarily driven by strong demand for golf and dog tracking products. Growth was further enhanced by a full year of revenue contributions from Tri-Tronics, which we acquired in the second half of 2011. Product highlights from the year include the fenix wristwatch, a rugged yet stylish device designed with the active outdoorsman, featuring GPS navigation with altimeter, barometer and compass functions. The Approach S3 golf watch, offering unmatched convenience, simplicity and capability through the combination of our wearable device platform, touch screen and a built-in worldwide course database. Finally, the Alpha Track and Train system, integrating the best-in-class technologies of Garmin and Tri-Tronics into a single device for the sporting dog market. Looking at 2013, we expect revenue growth of 5% to 10%, driven by both ongoing momentum from existing products, as well as recently introduced products including the BarkLimiter and Delta series for the pet market. These new electronic training aids expand our addressable market and capitalize on the correction technology of Tri-Tronics to deliver superior yet affordable products for the pet owner. Long term, we will continue to create new opportunities by identifying adjacent markets and product categories. We will maintain our focus on utility, content and innovative form factors to engage both new and repeat customers in the segment and embrace the opportunities created by mobile platforms to expand our market reach. In the Fitness segment, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 8%. While this is not as robust as prior years, we maintained our leadership position in the GPS-enabled Fitness category, due to our strong existing product portfolio and the introduction of the Forerunner 10, targeting entry-level and value-conscious consumers. Return to double-digit growth in the fourth quarter gives us confidence that the market remains underpenetrated. In 2013, we are targeting revenue growth of 5% to 10% in the Fitness segment. We plan to accomplish this by further penetrating the cycling market with our recently launched Edge 510 and 810, which offer unique connectivity features that our customers have requested. We continue to make progress with our Vector power meter and anticipate that it will be available midyear. In addition, we will continue to deliver further innovation across the Fitness category that will appeal to a broad range of consumers, whether shopping for a basic device or full-featured multisport product. Looking beyond 2013, we believe the Fitness segment will continue to grow as society becomes increasingly health conscious and data driven. We will focus on delivering compelling form factors and innovative products to the market, offering a complete solution of device, wireless connectivity, measurement sensors and a well-developed web portal. We will continue to build the Garmin Connect community and social networking capability amongst our users. We also will enhance our devices with best-in-class peripheral sensors that expand our addressable market and leverage our knowledge of hardware, software and connectivity. Looking finally at the Auto/Mobile segment, revenues declined 6% for the year as our strong market share gains could not offset the secular declines in the PND industry, which accelerated in the fourth quarter. We estimate that we exited 2012 with greater than 70% share in North America and approximately 32% share in EMEA. Though the industry headwinds were challenging, we achieved strong margins, which generated over $220 million of operating income for the year. The sustained profitability of the segment highlights the value of market share gains within the segment. Also in 2012, we announced our first tier-1 relationship with Suzuki, providing a complete infotainment head unit system for the vehicle. While the opportunity was somewhat diminished by Suzuki's exit of the North American market, we continue to deliver equipment in Europe, Australia, Russia, India, Canada and Mexico. Also on the OEM front, we continued our successful partnership with Chrysler, launching Garmin navigation on the Dodge Dart and extending our geographic reach into China and Japan. Looking ahead, we expect PND unit deliveries to continue to decline in 2013, driving revenues down 15% to 20%. We will maintain our market share leadership and focus on maximizing our profitability. We will continue to invest in auto OEM opportunities in 2013, leveraging our K2 infotainment platform that was introduced at CES this past January. K2 digital cockpit was nominated by CNET for Best of Show and garnered significant media coverage and consumer attention. We believe it represents one of the most intuitive yet full-featured infotainment systems offered today. Beyond 2013, we'll be focusing on expanding our auto OEM business through additional program wins, as infotainment and navigation become an integral part of the vehicle and capitalizing on niche opportunities in fleet management, over-the-road, trucking and other specialty markets that offer high-margin profiles. Finally, turning to guidance. Given our revenue outlook and expectations for each segment, we are projecting revenues of $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion in 2013, with gross margins stable to slightly increasing from 2012 levels. We are projecting operating income between $480 million and $500 million, with operating margins of 19% to 20%. Factoring an anticipated effective tax rate of 14%, which is 1 percentage point higher than the previous year, results in a forecasted 2013 earnings per share of a range of $2.30 to $2.40. While it appears that 2013 will be a challenging year, we remain highly profitable with strong cash flow generation that allows us to adequately fund our growing business and generate long-term shareholder value through these initiatives. We remain committed to an attractive dividend yield, and our recently announced share repurchase program will return even more value to our shareholders. That concludes my remarks. Kevin will now walk us through our Q4 and full year financials in more detail. Kevin?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Thanks, Cliff, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our income statement for the quarter and full year and then segment results, move to the balance sheet and cash flow statement and then finally conclude with some comments regarding our full year 2013 expectations. We posted revenue of $769 million for the quarter, with pro forma net income of $133 million. Our pro forma EPS was $0.68 per share, which excludes foreign currency loss during the period. Our revenue represents a decrease of 16% year-over-year. Gross margin came in at 49% which was a 90 basis point improvement from the prior year. I'll discuss margin results in further detail by segment. Operating margin was 19.5%, down 250 basis points from the prior year. The components of this were gross margin, 9 bps [ph] favorable, offset by an unfavorable operating expense impact of 340 basis points. Total operating expenses decreased by $10 million in the quarter, driven by a $9 million decrease in advertising. Each of the operating expense categories will be discussed further on a later slide. Pro forma EPS of $0.68 represents a 29% decrease year-over-year, driven by decreasing revenues, declining operating margins and an increase on our effective tax rate, which reduced earnings per share by $0.05. Units shipped decreased 17% year-over-year, as just over 5 million units were delivered during the quarter. Looking at full year results, we posted revenue of $2.7 billion for the year, with net income of $542 million. Our pro forma EPS was $2.85 per share, which excludes foreign currency losses. Our revenue decreased 2% year-over-year, while pro forma EPS increased 4%, when excluding FX. Our gross margin at 53% was a 400 basis -- 450 basis point improvement over the prior year. Operating income increased 9% to $604 million compared to $554 million in 2011. Our operating margin was 22.2%, up 210 basis points from 20.1% last year. Pro forma EPS of $2.85 was a 4% increase year-over-year on increasing revenues and improved growth [ph] and operating margins. And our units shipped during 2012 were down 3% year-over-year, as 15.4 million units were delivered. In total, our revenues decreased 16% during the fourth quarter and 2% for the full year. During Q4, we experienced a 25% revenue decline within the Auto/Mobile segment, as volume decline steepened and our product cycle created a difficult comparison. Our Outdoor segment posted a 2% decline as we compare it against a very strong Q4 2011 when we generated 35% growth. The Fitness segment returned to growth, with a 10% revenue increase when compared to Q4 2011 on the strength of our running lineup, including the Forerunner 10. Aviation segment revenues decreased 2% compared to Q4 of 2011 and Marine segment revenues decreased 9%, if you compare it to the fourth quarter 2011, due to ongoing weakness in Europe. During Q4, all geographic -- geographies declined, though APAC only declined slightly. For the full year, Americas declined 1%, while EMEA declined 4%, and this was partially offset by growth in the APAC region. In 2012, the Americas represented 56% of our revenue; EMEA represented 35%; and Asia, 9%, very consistent with 2011. The Auto/Mobile segment represented 57% of our total revenue during the fourth quarter of 2012, down from 64% in Q4 2011. Outdoor and Fitness grew to 16% and 14% of revenues in the quarter, respectively, an increase from 13% and 10% in the fourth quarter of 2011. On an operating income basis, Fitness and Aviation increased their contribution percentage, while Marine posted a loss in the quarter due to significant R&D investment and low revenues in the seasonably weak fourth quarter. The Auto/Mobile contribution declined on a significant revenue decline. On a full year basis, Auto/Mobile revenue contribution declined from 58% in 2011 to 55% in 2012, with gains in Outdoor, Fitness and Aviation, which contributed 16%, 12% and 11%, respectively. The operating income contribution of the Auto/Mobile segment increased to 37% in 2012 compared to 29% in 2011 due to the improved margins in the segment related primarily to the recognition of high-margin deferred revenue. Q4 Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were 38% and 12%, respectively. Gross margins were stable, as a slight ASP decline associated with our product cycle was offset by a lesser year-over-year impact from the deferred revenue. Operating margin declined slightly, as operating expense reductions were not enough to offset the revenue decline. Q4 Outdoor gross margin was 62%, down from 68% in Q4 of 2011. Operating margin was 39%, a decline from 49% in the year-ago quarter as ASPs declined and the margins contracted due to life cycle pricing on many of our more popular devices. Q4's Fitness gross margin was 60%, down from 64% in the year-ago quarter, as product mix shifted toward the lower-margin Forerunner 10. I do want to note that for the full year, gross margin was up 260 basis points as full year mix was positive. In 2013, we will have product introductions across the price spectrum, and we don't anticipate a significant gross margin decline in Fitness. Operating margin was 34%, down from 43% in the year-ago quarter, as gross margins declined and operating expenses increased due to the allocation of SG&A and advertising expense. Q4 Marine gross margin was 51% compared to 60% in the year-ago quarter, as product mix shifted toward lower-margin products and we offered promotional discounts on end-of-life products. Operating margin was negative 4%, down from 22% a year ago, as the gross margin declined and we increased R&D investment to support our long-term Marine OEM and aftermarket strategy, as Cliff discussed earlier. Q4 Aviation gross margin was 73%, up from 65% in the fourth quarter of 2011, when we recorded an OEM program contribution that negatively impacted gross margins. Operating margin was 26% for the quarter, up from 18% in the prior year due to the gross margin improvement. Q4 operating expenses decreased by $10 million or 4% on a year-over-year basis from $234 million to $224 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. R&D decreased $2 million year-over-year in the fourth quarter but increased 150 basis points to 11% of sales, as headcount increased and we continued to invest in OEM opportunities across multiple segments. Our advertising spending decreased $9 million over the year-ago quarter and held consistent as a percentage of sales at 6%. This was largely driven by decreased cooperative advertising. SG&A increased only slightly in absolute dollars compared to the year-ago quarter and decreased by 190 basis points to 12% of sales. Moving next to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of almost $2.9 billion. Our accounts receivable increased sequentially to $604 million, which was relatively stable year-over-year. Accounts receivable accounted for approximately 81 days of sales when calculated on a trailing 4 quarters. And as of early February, we've now collected $300 million of this year-end balance. Our inventory balance has decreased to $389 million on a sequential basis at the close of fourth quarter, as we exited the seasonally strong fourth quarter. Our days of inventory metric was 117 days, up slightly from 102 in the fourth quarter of 2011. The dividend payable continued to reflect 2 remaining quarterly payments of $0.45 per share, which was approved by our shareholders on June 1 last year at the annual meeting, as our December 31 payment was not made prior to the close of our fiscal year. Our deferred revenue balance has continued to grow, net of deferred cost, it represents approximately $1.55 of deferred earnings per share. Looking next at cash. We continued to generate free cash flow across our business, as cash from operations was $175 million during the fourth quarter. CapEx came in at $12 million during the fourth quarter. Therefore, we generated free cash flow during Q4 of $163 million. Cash flow invested during Q4 was $192 million use of cash, including the $12 million in CapEx, $175 million net purchase of marketable securities and $5 million of acquisitions. Financing activities were $3 million use of cash during the fourth quarter, as the dividend payment fell in the first quarter of 2013, as previously mentioned. And we earned an average of 1.5% on all cash and marketable security balances during Q4. We expect our strong free cash flow generation year to continue in 2013. And with it, we plan to fund an ongoing quarterly dividend of $0.45, fund a share repurchase program as recently approved by the board of up to $300 million and pursue acquisitions in adjacent niche markets and tuck-in technologies, which fit with our core markets. As expected, our tax rate for 2012 is just over 13%, but this was an increase from 10.8% in 2011. We currently anticipate that our 2013 tax rate will be 14%, as benefit from the retroactive R&D tax credit is offset by geographic income mix. And finally, Cliff has reviewed our 2013 guidance, but I'd just further highlight that we have 4 solid growth segments that we anticipate will represent over 50% of our revenue during 2013. As highlighted in our guidance, we'll continue to invest in 2013 for long-term growth opportunities across the entire business, positioning us well for the future. Well, this concludes our formal remarks. We'll now move to a period of Q&A.
Kerri Thurston: Lisa, would you like to open the queue to our investors and analysts?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets. And we'll now go to Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: A question on the PND growth outlook. I thought about a month ago, you thought that, that market would be down around 10% to 15% in '13, and now it sounds like we're talking about 15% to 20%. So I'm wondering what's changed, whether it's a more detailed analysis of what you saw in 4Q or something you've seen in the last month that makes you more cautious on the PND outlook for '13?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we were evaluating business trends. We knew we had come through the fourth quarter with a steeper decline on the PND and that we evaluated global trends across all of our markets. We realized that the decline was in fact steeper than we'd earlier thought. So there really isn't any detailed analysis other than we evaluated the Americas, EMEA and APAC regions and realized that those growth -- those changes in PND shipments were actually not going to get better. So we feel like this is a more accurate outlook on what the overall market is doing. I think we pointed out that this isn't due to any kind of market share declines, just really the fact that we've been gaining share and we anticipate we're going to track more in line with what the overall market is going forward.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Obviously, the seasonality was significantly less than what you've seen historically in the fourth quarter. Do you think this is kind of the new normal that we should think of that you don't see nearly as pronounced a seasonal uptick in 4Q as you historically have particularly in the PND segment?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think that's our expectation now. Of course, we don't have great visibility in the fourth quarter, but we believe that there will be less seasonality. I mean, we'll have some seasonality due to the holiday season, but the numbers won't be as significant as they've been in the last 3 or 4 years.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just wondering what your expectations are for auto OEM in '13. I think you've talked about that being kind of a $160 million, $170 million business. Do you expect growth in that in '13? And can you give any color on maybe how much growth, if you do expect growth?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Rich. We do expect some incremental growth. We don't expect it to be as strong as 2012 because there were quite a few models and programs ramping up, particularly at Chrysler in 2012. But we're forecasting some slight amount of growth and still something that's starting to be a meaningful part of our Auto/Mobile business.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And for the K2, obviously, pretty significant lead times for revenue for a platform like that into the auto OEM market. But any sense of when you might see -- start seeing revenue for the K2, if you could secure wins, say, in the first half of '13?
Clifton A. Pemble: It's really hard to predict. I think that each automaker in each particular project or program would have its own set of requirements and time lines. Typically in the auto industry, when you start talking about a new system, it can take anywhere from 3 to 5 years to come to fruition.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Great, just one final one. On Marine, obviously, you had some sort of nonrecurring pressure there [indiscernible] gross margin [indiscernible] promotions discounts. Should we assume that, that bounces back towards [indiscernible]
Clifton A. Pemble: So I think right now the market is definitely pressured [indiscernible] with quite a few competitors. And our product line, which we're refreshing significantly in 2013 is a little bit late to market. So our existing products have been discounted. We do anticipate that the gross margin will probably be down somewhat from the historically high levels, but we would also expect it to bounce back some.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We now go to Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: I wanted to talk about Fitness. I noticed in the slide you talked about identifying opportunities to offer best-in-class sensors to expand the TAM. I wondered if you could give us a little bit more color on what you're talking about there. And then also just a big picture question on Fitness. Where is the market on runners' watches and then cycling computers? Insofar as your market share, just how are those markets growing relative to one another?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Charlie, in terms of sensors, Garmin has been in the sensor business for quite a while, offering things outside of what you normally think of us for, the GPS watches. So for example, we offer what we call foot pods, which very accurately track steps and distances traveled without the use of the GPS. And those are typically paired with a lower-end watch or in partnership with another brand or provider in the industry that has some specialized applications. So we've been doing that for quite some time, and we believe our sensors, particularly in the speed and distance area, are superior to others in terms of their accuracy. And your second question, could you please repeat that?
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: Yes, sure. I'm just kind of wondering the total industry market for GPS running watches and then cycling computers. Kind of insofar, your market share more than the industry, how are those growing relative to one another in terms of what you're baking into your guidance for '13? And I'm also curious, on that, are you baking into your guidance some of these extensions that you talked about with new sensors to achieve that growth rate?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. So definitely, we're wrapping everything together to give our total view of Fitness. In terms of the running watch market, we're strongest in the GPS-enabled running watch, which is something we pretty much pioneered in terms of an integrated device. And so we believe we have very strong market share in that segment, probably greater than 50%. Although it's -- even though the volumes are somewhat interesting, it's a niche kind of volume compared to like a PND, so there's not a lot of market research that goes into that. On the bike side, it's a very similar situation, where we're specializing the GPS-enabled portion of the market. The volumes compared to all bike computers is on the lower side but, obviously, the price and the performance and the features are on the high side. So it's a growing category. Cyclists are starting to appreciate the benefits of GPS-enabled cycling. And when we do come out with our Vector power meter later in the year, we'll have a total solution for people high-end head unit with power meter, which is what cyclists really want.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: Great. And then just real quickly on Aviation, up 10% to 15%. Without Part 25, will we be looking at sort of a flat market? I'm just curious, is all the growth coming from that? Or are you getting any growth from sort of your legacy market there?
Clifton A. Pemble: We're factoring most of that as growth in the Part 25, the new certifications. There are some of the new products that we've announced that will contribute to both retrofit and OEM, but generally the growth is driven by Part 25.
Operator: We will now go to Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to ask you first, and I apologize if I missed it on the call. But what were your underlying assumptions for units and ASPs within the auto PND guidance for this year?
Kevin S. Rauckman: So we didn't address much on the ASP, but we're expecting fairly nominal changes on pricing, but we're looking at overall unit declines globally of around 20% on the PND market, and that's pretty consistent between the Americas and EMEA, which are the 2 largest markets, those both being down at least that level. So those are our assumptions baked in the Auto/Mobile guidance.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the 20% global decline for the market, is that what you're expecting for your own units as well?
Kevin S. Rauckman: We're looking at both industry and Garmin expectations to be pretty consistent, so yes.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So it sounds like you're embedding a slight increase perhaps on the ASP side?
Kevin S. Rauckman: No, I think ASPs are -- the difference in -- we're looking -- like first of all, a PND within our Auto/Mobile, of course, that includes mobile, auto OEM and PND. So we're not anticipating any price increases right now.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And then you haven't really announced any new infotainment wins for the 2014 models. Is that window now closed? Or would we still potentially expect to see something new there following to your Suzuki win from last year?
Clifton A. Pemble: The window is not closed, and we are working on some additional opportunities, but don't have any details we can share right now.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And as I understand, the investment in the auto OEM opportunity is a pretty significant to the point where you have nominal, if not negative, operating margins in that segment. When should we expect margins there to turn positive? And also, at what revenue level can we expect them to kind of hit your longer-term target of about 10% or so?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it does require significant investment, and we're not at the point where we're achieving the scale there to really turn the needle towards more the number that you mentioned. Although I'd point out that 10% in the auto OEM business is really considered a pretty healthy kind of operating margin. But we would expect in a few years' time, as our revenues grow, that we should be able to turn the corner.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. And then just last quick one. If you can just expand on the Vector product. What does your Fitness guidance assume for that? And how should we think about the revenue and margin opportunity there?
Clifton A. Pemble: We don't break it out by product segment. As I mentioned, we would expect the product to be to market in midyear. That's a little bit late for the season, but we still think that we'll be able to catch some sales in the back half of the year. We're only anticipating some modest impact to Fitness because of that. The margin profile is good on that product, particularly the margin dollars. But again, it's coming a little late, so we're not overfactoring that right now.
Operator: We will now go to Jonathan Ho with William Blair.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Just wanted to understand a little bit in terms of your guidance what your assumptions are around the worldwide macro environment. And does your guidance take into account the share buyback that you announced today?
Kevin S. Rauckman: We assume that we would be buying some back but we didn't put all of the $300 million in the full year. The board actually approved that the $300 million buyback could extend past 2013, so we did assume that we would be buying back, but we didn't -- again, not all $100 million -- or $300 million of that would be bought in 1 year.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And in terms of your guidance for the worldwide macro environment, I just want to understand sort of your viewpoint, are you assuming that Europe kind of stays the same? Or does that have much of a bearing on your thought process there?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we definitely factored those things in. Europe's situation is really pretty challenging, and we don't foresee that, that gets materially better. We're also not predicting it gets much worse either, but we feel like we probably hit kind of a bottom there. The North American market is stable to gradually improving, and we think a lot of our performance there and in Europe as well really depends on the introduction of our new products, which always generate new interest and new sales.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it, got it. And just in terms of your Auto/Mobile viewpoint, in terms of where the market potentially could stabilize, has that changed at all at this point? Or how should we think about where you think maybe the end market ends up longer term?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, it's difficult to say. We did go through a pretty rapid change in Q4, where we saw the trends come down more significantly than we have in the past. So predicting an endpoint is a little bit challenging. I would say that we are being more conservative in terms of where that might be in our overall planning, but it is difficult to say exactly where it lands.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: And in terms of the Marine business, can you talk a little bit about maybe your expectations around seasonality this year, just given sort of the new product releases, whether we would expect maybe the growth to pick up a little bit earlier in the year or perhaps later?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. I think our products, as I mentioned, are a little bit late for the season. We really should have them in the market right now in order to take full advantage of the seasonality. That said, we have good pricing on our existing products and we would expect some improvement in those sales. But probably the impact from the new products won't be seen until the middle half to the end of the year.
Jonathan Ho - William Blair & Company L.L.C., Research Division: Got it. And just one final question in terms of operating expenses. If you were to see perhaps more acceleration in terms of declines around the Auto/Mobile business, how would we -- how should we think about sort of your philosophy around operating expenses and whether you would potentially cut those to hold the margins? Or how should we just think about that generally speaking?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think in general, we're watching the situation closely. We also recognize that it's been only just a short amount of time since we recognized this change, so we want to make sure that anything we do is in line with where the market is going to head long term. That said, there's still some needs across the organization. We feel like we have a very agile workforce that we can redeploy into certain other areas. And so we're taking steps right now to try to maximize our efficiency and make sure that we take advantage of all the opportunities we see.
Kevin S. Rauckman: One other point on that, Jonathan, from an operating expense, really, the only the area that we're seeing any growth in, in 2013 is in the R&D side, so we're managing advertising well. And also, from an SG&A perspective, we're expecting that to decline year-over-year, too.
Operator: And we'll go now to Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I just want to go back to the PND for a second, if you don't mind. When you talk -- at least your market research, does it tell you that it's going to stabilize? Or does it tell you that it might go to 0?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we don't believe, and we never have believed, that it goes to 0. I think the real question, Paul, is what is the level it stabilizes that. And I think market experts, as well as any number of PND providers can probably debate that point for a long time, but we feel like there's still utility and there's still a market for certain kinds of devices long into the future, and the question is how much.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Kevin, did you give any guidance for free cash flow or cash flow from operations for the full year?
Kevin S. Rauckman: We didn't specifically. We do expect strong free cash flow. At this point, we're looking probably at the level of around $525 million, given the operating income numbers that we put into our guidance. So we don't see a lot of movement on working capital. And of course depreciation, amortization stayed about the same. So overall, about $525 million for the year.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And then my last question is, is there any intellectual property here that can help you defend your very strong leadership position in the Fitness space, which is obviously becoming more competitive?
Clifton A. Pemble: We've always focused on protecting our best ideas and the most general ideas that are enabling to the industry. So we're constantly filing patents and we're constantly thinking ahead in terms of where the market might go. So we feel like we're in a reasonably strong position. I think intellectual property is always a very tricky area, and there's all kinds of situations that are out there in terms of patent law and patent practice. But in general, we feel good about where we stand.
Operator: And we'll now go to John Bright with Avondale Partners.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Can you guys discuss specific aviation or auto [ph] OEM opportunities in '13? And also, where do you -- at what level do you start from in Aviation and Auto/Mobile and OEM?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think to answer your first question, we've been pretty open about the 5 unique certifications in the Part 25, beginning with the Learjet 70 75 and then ending the year with 3 different Cessna certifications, which are the Sovereign, the Citation X and the M2. So we're going to be more back-end loaded because of the timing of the certification. But as Cliff said earlier, that's what's driving all of the revenue growth for the full year.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: But for new opportunities?
Kevin S. Rauckman: New opportunities, we also have some additional wins that are not coming until future years, 2014, 2015. But we do feel like we have a good path forward and new incremental opportunities for several years out.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Next question is a follow-up on a past one. You were asked about free cash flow for calendar '13. A lot of people have asked about deferred revenues, and is that a meaningful portion of the free cash flow, for instance, for '12? Can you address that?
Kevin S. Rauckman: It has been a meaningful impact because of the difference between what we record on the P&L and then the actual cash benefit. For 2013, we're expecting for the first time that we'll actually get a positive treatment on that. So that from now on, we believe that the deferred revenue numbers actually is going to be favorable on the P&L. In the past year, for example, in 2012, I think we had about a $67 million deferred revenue benefit due to cash.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Two final ones for you. Kevin, on the -- in the M&A discussion, you mentioned adjacent niche markets you might expand into. Give us a thought process, or Cliff, give us a thought process of what you're thinking about there?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, again, if you look at our history, the types of opportunities that we've been able to secure, are ones that are very -- mostly related to the businesses that we're in, and either extend our products, technology or resources in those areas. So for example, Tri-Tronics gave us additional presence in the outdoor market, particularly in the dog training area that complements our dog tracking type of products. And then in Marine, we, this year, acquired Nexus, which gives us an additional presence in the sailing side of the instrumentation markets, where we weren't -- have been historically not very strong.
Operator: And we'll now go to Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: I wanted to first ask -- I didn't hear, can you give the split between the automotive OEM business and the PND business for '12?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. It's because we didn't really break it out. We kind of had said historically, it's around a 10% level of our total Auto/Mobile segment, but we haven't given absolute numbers.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And Kevin, you talked a little bit about the Fitness business, '13. You said gross margins, roughly flat. Any thoughts on how gross margin trends in the other business segments throughout '13?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think we're expecting fairly stable margins -- gross margins in the Outdoor area. As I said, Fitness is very close. Aviation, we think that's a stable number, too, around 70%. And then the auto PND, we don't expect much deterioration there. So because pricing isn't moving and our bill of material, our costs are fairly stable as well. We believe that all of those are sustainable. Marine is the one, that Cliff mentioned earlier, it's going to be better than what we reported in Q4 but probably a little bit down year-over-year.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And my last question, looking at the current deferred revenue, it's up about $60 million year-on-year in 4Q. Is there anything happening, which would imply the incremental margin on that revenue is declining? Are your assumptions changing on how much you're deferring per unit? Or anything else that's driving a decline in the incremental margin of that revenue?
Kevin S. Rauckman: No, there's no change in either -- any of those assumptions, no.
Operator: And we'll go next to James Faucette with Pacific Crest.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of follow-up questions for me. First, you mentioned that you have and you expect growth in in-dash in 2013. Right now, do you have enough visibility to say that in-dash can continue to grow into 2014? Or would that necessitate incremental design wins for the 2014 period?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think we're really not prepared to be able to break it out and particularly talk about 2014. I think a lot can happen between now and then, particularly the OEM carmakers tend to make some rapid decisions around extending models or are changing equipment on models. And so as a result, it's kind of difficult to predict.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then Kevin, questions for you is in the past you've talked about, particularly with Aviation and Marine, returning to meaningful growth, that there is room for operating margin expansion in those segments. Can you talk about how we should think about kind of at least target operating margin levels for those company -- or for those segments, excuse me, and kind of what kinds of revenue levels we might have to get to, to see those levels?
Kevin S. Rauckman: So I think, first of all, on the Aviation, as you know, we've been putting some significant investments on the certifications on Part 25, and those are going to continue. I think the fact that gross margins are moving, it's just a matter of growing the top line, and so we're seeing 10% to 15% for the upcoming year, which don't -- doesn't really move us back to the historical levels. But with continued new business that we'll see going down the road the next few years, we believe that the operating margins will move back to above the current levels that we've been reporting. Marine, on the other hand, Marine is -- we feel like it's not to the point where we can say it's going to move back up into the -- even in the 20s or 30s, but we have some really some work to do there to be more efficient in that business and to get the biggest bang for our R&D investment there. So I think that may be -- Marine may be a little bit more difficult to return to those levels.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then, I guess just a general execution question is that as we look at the initial outlook at least for 2013, you indicated that you've got a couple of products in Marine that you're -- you've been a little bit late on. You also indicated the Vector power meter in particular is going to be later maybe than you had anticipated and certainly later than you thought when you first talked about that product. Is there something that's happened, I guess, organizationally and from an execution perspective that is leading us to kind of see this string of later products? Or are you kind of thinking about those as being one-offs right now? And I guess I'm just wondering how we could see some improvement there, in getting new products to market in time frames you target?
Clifton A. Pemble: James, I think that's a really good question. I think in general, we would always like to do better in bringing our products to market faster. Sometimes, it's a little bit challenging, depending on when those products are initiated, whether or not they can meet the time line, particularly of a seasonality sensitive market like Marine, and that's kind of the situation that we find ourselves in, in that market in particular. Vector is -- every product has its own story. But Vector is a very complicated and precise instrument, and we felt like we needed to take more time to make sure we could meet the expectations of customers who are going to be very, very demanding in that particular market space. So those are the 2 examples that you referenced. But in general, I would say we're working to do better to meet some of those time lines, and I think many of our segments show that they're doing very well in that regard and being able to meet the time lines of the market.
Operator: And at that time -- at this time, that concludes today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Rauckman, I'll turn the call back to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, as always, we appreciate everyone's interest. Happy to move forward and really meet or exceed our expectations as we go through. And we, again, look forward to updating each of you, as we do that throughout the year. So thanks, again, and we'll talk later.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-31 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director, Investor Relations Cliff Pemble - President & COO Kevin Rauckman - CFO & Treasurer
Analysts: Ameet Prabhu - RBC  Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer John Bright - Avondale Partners Charlie Anderson - Dougherty & Company Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Securities Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo James Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities 
Operator: Good day, and welcome, everyone, to the Garmin Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. (Operator Instructions) And as a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited’s Third quarter 2012 earnings call. Before we begin, we would like to send our warmest thoughts to all those on the East Coast that have been and will continue to be affected by Sandy. The Garmin family has made contributions to several organizations which are seeking with relief efforts throughout the region. Looking now at the quarter please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earning’s call is available at Garmin’s Investor Relations site on the internet at garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Note that this webcast does include slides, which can be viewed during the call via our website and an archive of the webcast will be available until December 31st. A transcript will be available on the website under the Events calendar tab. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earning’s call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the SEC. Attending today's call on behalf of Garmin Limited, are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The presenters for this morning’s call are Cliff and Kevin. At this time, I’ll like to turn the call over to Cliff.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As we announced earlier this morning, Garmin delivered revenue growth and strong margin performance, resulting in proforma EPS growth in the third quarter. Consolidated revenues increased 1% year-over-year to $672 million driven by gains in the Outdoor and Aviation segments. Our traditional markets of Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and Fitness contributed 43% of the total revenue mix and 59% of the total operating income for the quarter. Gross margins improved to 53% in the quarter. Operating margins also improved to 24% from 22% in the prior year as operating expenses were essentially flat. Revenue growth combined with improved margins resulted in both operating income and proforma EPS growth. Operating income for the quarter grew 9% to $160 million while proforma EPS was $0.74, a 4% improvement over the prior year. We sold approximately 3.7 million units in the quarter, which is up 7% year-over-year as Auto OEMs and Outdoor volumes increased. In light of our third quarter results, we are increasing our full year proforma EPS guidance. We now expect our EPS to fall in the range $2.75 on the low end to $2.90 on the high end. Kevin will provide additional insights later. Next, I’ll walk you through the financial and strategic highlights for each segment. In the Marine segment, revenue declined 7% driven by weak conditions outside of the Americas particularly in the European market. In contrast, we experienced modest growth in the Americas. Favorable product mix led to higher gross margin and gross profit, which more than offset the impact of lower sales. Our high end boat market continues to struggle due to weak economic conditions around the world. We anticipate these conditions will persist in to 2013, dampening the near-term growth prospects in the Marine market. However, we are not allowing the poor conditions to distract us from our growth strategy in the segment. In the third quarter, we announced the acquisition of Nexus Marine, giving us an immediate presence in the sailing instrumentation market, where Nexus is a highly respected brand. Additionally, we continue to invest in new product development in order to gain share and to better position ourselves for growth when economic conditions improve. In Aviation, we posted revenue growth of 3% as improved OEM deliveries offset weakness in retrofit and portable products. As we have highlighted in prior quarters, operating margin is trending below historical norms as we invest in aircraft certification programs that will reach the market in 2013 and beyond. We currently have six announced cockpits slated for delivery in the coming year which will generate new revenue and growth for the future. Note that this morning’s past release mentions five programs that will be completed in 2013. With the recent announcements factored in, the number is now six. During the quarter, we announced two additional cockpit wins that highlight the progress we are making to expand our presence in the OEM market. Just this week, Cessna announced that our G5000 integrated flight deck has been chosen for the upgraded Citation Sovereign. And early in the quarter, we announced a new relationship with AgustaWestland, who selected a G1000H for updated 119 model helicopter. Both the Sovereign and the 119 are scheduled for certification in 2013. I also want to mention that Garmin was ranked number one in product support by Aviation International News for the ninth consecutive year. This is an incredible accomplishment and highlights that outstanding product support is one of our strongest differentiators as we compete against incumbents in the segment. I want to congratulate our Aviation product support team, the recognition by Aviation International News is certainly well deserved. The Outdoor segment continues to deliver strong results in the quarter with 11% revenue growth and 17% operating income growth. The improved results can be attributed to our golf lineup, our dog tracking and training portfolio and our recently introduced fēnix which is a GPS enabled watch for hunters, hikers and outdoor enthusiasts who generally like to place their own trails. In the third quarter, we delivered our Alpha tracking and training system which combines robust GPS tracking and mapping capability from Garmin with proven electronic training from our TriTronics division. Initial reviews and field tests have been positive and we anticipate the product will be well throughout this hunting season. Looking next to the Fitness segment, revenue declined 6% though we were able to generate gross margin and operating income growth on a year-over-year basis. As we have mentioned in the past, revenue and margin performance are linked to variability and our product cycle. In both the second and third quarter of 2011, we experienced strong demand for the newly released Forerunner 610 while discounts on the end of life Forerunner 305 drove additional volumes at the low end of the market, but negatively impacted margins. This year we saw continued growth in our cycling and multi-sport product lines. However, it was not enough to offset the year-over-year decline in running product. During the quarter, we launched our latest running watch the Forerunner 10. The Forerunner 10 is a value priced watch at a $129 and is an affordable and intuitive solution for runners, joggers and walkers of all levels. Early response to the product has been positive with great reviews and strong initial orders. We are confident that the Forerunner 10 will have disclosed the gap led by the Forerunner 305 at the low end of the market. In our Automobile segment revenue was flat; however strong margin performance and lower expenses in this segment resulted in a 16% increase in operating profit. Market share also improved in the third quarter when compared to 2011. We estimate our share in North America exceed 70%. Our European market share is in the low to mid 30% range. Our outlook in the PND markets remains unchanged with units and value declining approximately 10% to 15% for the year. While the Garmin market has continued to decline, share gains have a lot of significantly outperformed the market. During the quarter, we introduced a new member of our diesel product family with a large seven inch display designed specifically for trucks and RVs, where specialized needs drive higher ASPs and stronger margins. We also updated our StreetPilot and Navigon mobile applications with public transit features providing mobile phone users with a complete solution for both automotive and production and navigation. These additional features serve to further differentiate our applications and drive consumer adoption.  Before turning the call over to Kevin, I want to provide a brief update on the auto OEM market. We launched the next generation navigation solution with Chrysler incorporating advanced features such as 3D mapping, trip planning and multi reviews. These enhancements will be available on select 2013 Chrysler and Dodge models. Also on the third quarter, we shipped our first fully integrated infotainment solution to Suzuki with a 2013 FX4 Grand Vitara and Kizashi models. We are excited to see these models reach Suzuki dealers in markets around the world, including North America, Europe, Australia, New Zealand and Russia.  Now Kevin will walk us through the financial results.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you Cliff. Good morning everyone. I would like to begin by reviewing our income statement. As I move to the balance sheet and cash flow statement finally concluding with the comments regarding our full year 2012 expectations. As Cliff mentioned, we posted revenue of $672 million for the quarter, with pro forma net income of $146 million. Our pro forma EPS was $0.74 per share, which excluded the foreign currency loss. Our revenue represents an increase of 1% year-over-year. Gross margin came in at 53%, which was a 180 basis points improvement from prior year.  Now I will discuss margin results in further detail by segment. Operating margin was 24%, up 170 basis points from the prior year. The components of this were the gross margin capability of 180 basis points offset by an unfavorable operating expenses impact of 10 basis points. Total operating expenses increased by only $2 million in the current quarter, with a $10 million increase in R&D offset by improvements in advertising and SG&A.  Each of these expense categories will be discussed further on a later slide.  Our pro forma EPS of $0.74 represents a 4% increase year-over-year, driven by the increasing revenues and improved gross and operating margins. Units shipped increased 7% year-over-year as 3.7 units were delivered during the quarter. According to US GAAP, we must defer revenue on certain products, and this table summarizes the net impact of the deferral and amortization of revenue and related costs in third quarter 2012 and 2011.  In the current quarter, we deferred on a net basis approximately $20 million of revenues, resulting in a $0.07 of tax affected deferred EPS during the quarter. In the third quarter of 2011, we deferred net revenue of $24 million or $0.08 of tax affected EPS. While we are deferring revenue according to US GAAP, we are collecting the cash at time of sale as reflected in the statement of cash flows. We expect to have a negative revenue and EPS impact due to deferrals in the fourth quarter, but do not expect the impact to be as significant as the amounts that we deferred during the same period in 2011. In total our revenues increased 1% during the third quarter with Outdoor and Aviation contributing most of the growth. During Q3 the auto/mobile segment revenues were flat as volume growth was offset by a slight decline in average selling price. Volume growth was driven by market share gains and strengthening results with our auto OEM partners.  Our Outdoor segment posted the strongest revenue growth at 11%, due primarily to our GPS enabled golf products, growth in our dog tracking and training portfolio and strong consumer reception for our Phoenix product. Business segment posted a 6% revenue decrease when compared to Q3 2011. This slowdown resulted from a strong Q3, 2011, when we were heavily promoting the Forerunner 305 as the product reach the end of it's lifecycle and [after] fulfilling orders for the Forerunner 610. We hope to see improving results in Q4, driven primarily and partially by the launch of the Forerunner 10. Aviation segment revenues increased to 3% compared to Q3 2011, with growth in OEM partially offset by a slowdown in retrofit and portable products. Our marine segment revenues decreased 7% compared to Q3, 2011 as both the aftermarket and OEM markets slowed down due to a global decline in the marine electronics market. During Q3, both the Americas and APAC both posted revenue growth with a partial offset due to the decline in EMEA. The decline in EMEA is the result of difficult macroeconomic conditions in most of the regions. For Q3 2012, the Americas represented 57% of revenue compared to 53% in Q3, 2011. The EMEA decreased from 39% of total revenue in Q3 to 33% in Q3 2012, while APAC increased from 8% to 10% in the same period.  The auto/mobile segment represented 57% of our total revenue during Q3 2012, down slightly from 58%. Outdoor grew to 16% of revenues in the quarter, an increase of 14% in 2011. Due to the improved profitability of auto/mobile in the third quarter of 2012, the operating income contribution of this segment increased to 41% from 38% of the prior year. In absolute dollars, our traditional segments of aviation, marine, outdoor and fitness contributed 95 million of operating income in the quarter 4% increase over the third quarter of 2011, even as we invest heavily in future OEM opportunities in marine and aviations. Looking next at margins, Q3 auto/mobile gross margin and operating margin were 43% and 17% respectively. Gross margins were stable as deferred revenues became less at a year-over-year impact in the quarter. Operating margin improvement resulted from decreasing advertising and SG&A expenses in the segment. Q3 outdoor gross margin was 69%, up from 66% in Q3 2011. Operating margin was 46% an improvement from 44% in the year ago quarter, as improved gross margins were partially offset by a slight increase in operating expenses. Q3 fitness gross margin was 65% up from 60% in the year ago quarter when we were heavily discounting the Forerunner 305. Operating margin was 33% again up from 30% at the year ago quarter, as improved gross margins were partially offset by increased advertising and R&D costs. Q3 marine gross margin was 64% compared to 55% at a year ago, as product mix shifted toward higher margin products and we participated in fewer promotional activities.  Our operating margin was 19% down 21% a year ago, as the gross margin improvement continued to be offset by increased R&D expenses to support our long-term marine OEM strategy and new product launches scheduled for next year. And finally our Q3 aviations gross margin was 69% up from 66% in Q3, 2011.  The operating margin was 23% for the quarter down from 27% in the prior year, as gross margin improvement was offset by increased R&D expense associated with the new OEMs programs that will begin to contribute to revenue in 2013, as well as increased SG&A cost due to a bad debt credit in Q3, 2011. Q3 operating expense have increased by $2 million on year-over-year basis from $197 million and Q3, 2011 to $199 million in Q3, 2012. An increase of only 10 basis points as a percentage of sale. [RV] increased to $10 million year-over-year in Q3 and 130 basis points to 12% of sales as headcount increased and we continue to invest in OEM opportunities. Our advertising spending decreased $5 million over the year ago quarter and decreased 80 basis points as a percent of sales to 4% in Q3 of 2012. This was largely driven by decreasing cooperative advertising. SG&A decreased $2 million compared to the year ago quarter and 40 basis points to 13% of sales. This decrease is primarily attributable to reduced commission expenses. We have now anniversaried our major acquisitions in 2011 and are pleased to see this flattening of SG&A expense. Moving next to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over $2.7 billion. Our accounts receivable increased sequentially to $509 million that fell slightly on a year-over-year basis due to continued sale strength in the third quarter. Accounts receivable accounted for approximately 65 days of sales when calculated on trailing four quarters, compared to 74 days of sales in the third quarter of 2011. Our inventory balances increased to $443 million on a sequential basis at the close of Q3 as we prepare for the seasonally strong fourth quarter.  Our days of inventory metric was 125 days which was flat to the third quarter of 2011. The dividend payable now reflects two remaining quarterly payments of $0.45 per share which was approved by our shareholders on June 1 at the annual meeting.  Our deferred revenue balance has continued to grow, net of deferred costs, it represents approximately $1.43 of deferred EPS. We continue to generate free cash flow across our businesses as cash from operations was $165 million during Q3. CapEx was $9 million during the quarter therefore we generated free cash flow during Q3 of [$135 million].  Cash flow invested during Q3 was $104 million which includes the $9 million of CapEx and $93 million of net purchases as marketable securities. Financing activities were $87 million use of cash during Q3 due primarily to the dividend payment for September and we are at an average of 1.2% on all cash and marketable securities balances during the quarter.  With our strong free cash flow generation year-to-date we are making good progress toward our forecast of $650 million which will continue to fund our annualized dividend of $1.80 per share or approximately $350 million use of cash. We also continue to pursue acquisitions in adjacent niche markets and tuck in technologies which fit with our core markets.  As has been Garmin’s practices, the acquisitions will be evaluated by technology, values compatibility and strategic fit within Garmin. Our tax rate for Q3, 2012 was 13.7% due to the revenue mix by geography and segment. We expect the full year 2012 rate to be approximately 13%.  Finally, given our strong EPS performance in Q3 we are again raising our full year EPS guidance to $2.75 to $2.90. This continues to incorporate some uncertainties regarding the European markets and consumer spending as we head into the holiday season. This ends our formal comments for the quarter. We will now enter a period for you to ask questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Mark Sue from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Ameet Prabhu - RBC : This is Ameet Prabhu calling on behalf of Mark Sue. Your P&D market share has been stabilizing in the US and in Europe. In the US, it seems there maybe limited upside growth but maybe could you discuss the share trend in Europe given the market has multiple smaller players and some of them might have to exit the market considering the macro?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, so as you stated we do have very strong share in the US. It is up over a year ago. We are now in the below 70% range versus last year in the 60% range. You are right that the upside potential there is more limited in Europe, we are currently in the low 30% range in the big five countries and we do see opportunities to gain share from both the third-tier players who continue to show weakness and exit the market as well as from the bigger players as well.
Ameet Prabhu - RBC : This is a follow-up on your cash flow. Free cash flow has been strong and you built up cash this year but could you maybe discuss cash contribution from the various segments because I guess the concern is that as P&D units decline year-over-year and the contribution from your other segment increases, would that have any impact on your ability to generate free cash?
Kevin Rauckman: No, actually we feel like our cash flow has been at or above expected and if you look at just the operating income results, those are really by segment. That’s really what's driving that cash flow. So we still see you point out the automobile. We feel the strong cash flow generation trend from the automobile segment as we do from all the other business segments that we have. So, moving forward, we would expect continued strong cash flow even in through 2013 or maybe short-term or some nominal impact, negative levels just due to the deferred revenues as we discussed as those move from being a headwind against us into positive as we go forward in 2013.
Operator: Our next question comes from Simona Jankowski from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Just first a clarification overall, I think you updated the EPS guidance but I was curious if you might update or comment on the revenue guidance for the year which you had given before and then just some questions on the fitness part of the business. You commented on the gross margins improving partly because of the easy [comps] from a year ago when you had more discounting. It was a bit surprising because I would assume that Forerunner 10 might have lower margins given its lower end product. So maybe you can just comment on how you see the mix shift impacting margins in fitness going forward when you take into account the Forerunner 10 and then may be any another upcoming end of life cycle discounting?
Kevin Rauckman:  Okay, Simona thanks for the questions. The first question on revenue, we have really came in very close to our expectations during this quarter in total revenue and so we didn’t believe that there was any reason to update our guidance so we still hold the $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion revenue for the full year of 2012. And looking at the fitness, clearly we did have some short-term impacts last year as you mentioned the Forerunner 10 while, it began shipping in Q3. We are really expecting a much stronger contribution from the Forerunner 10 product in the holiday season in Q4. So it had some impact but relatively small impact from that product. I think I mentioned $2.7 billion on revenue. So it’s actually $2.75 billion to $2.8 billion on the total businesses revenue guidance.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: Just to clarify on the Forerunner 10, should we expect that to mix margins down into the fourth quarter then for the fitness segment? 
Kevin Rauckman: I think as you naturally a holiday selling, we have not only on the Forerunner 10 but just in general, we have lower price and lower costs on that product, so we will have some impact on margins we would say overall focus fitness in the automobile segments typically have a lower margins in the fourth quarter.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs: And any update on the Vector timing?
Clifton Pemble: Yes Simona, this is Cliff. We are making progress on Vector. We have been evaluating new design changes and we do feel like things are looking promising and are sticking to our early next year or first quarter or early second quarter deliveries.
Operator: Our next question from Yair Reiner from Oppenheimer. Your line is open.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer: TomTom yesterday when they reported results suggested that they are seeing more muted seasonality. Do you see the same going into fourth quarter may be we could just talk about promotional activity for the holiday season?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, typically, we see a sequential growth from Q3 to Q4 and we are still expecting that but I would say in general there are some macroeconomic uncertainties and primarily even the European condition, European economic conditions which is why we’ve tried to put in some level of conservatives in our fourth quarter. So sequential growth is normal but maybe a little bit below we would typically see.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer: Okay, and then you mentioned that auto OEM was strong in the quarter. Can you give us a sense of how much that might have diluted auto margins?
Cliff Pemble: We really don't breakout, we don't breakout the profitability by the sub-segments there. Although, we definitely have auto OEM operating margins which are below our mobile and our P&D margins at this point, so.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer: Okay, and then one another one if I could, on fitness it was down year-on-year, do you expect it to go return to year-on-year growth in the fourth quarter?
Cliff Pemble: We expect to turn around it would be a flat to up for the fourth quarter driven by the new product introductions.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Bright from Avondale Partners. Your line is open.
John Bright - Avondale Partners: Follow-up on a couple of questions, Cliff and Kevin, first regarding your guidance, do you have any impact from Hurricane Sandy or do you expect any impact associated with that?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, we don't clearly anticipate a significant impact. And our Q4 guidance takes into account some level of the global macro economic weakness and consumer uncertainties stemming from various sources including the catastrophic effects of Sandy, but at this point we feel like those would be pretty nominal.
John Bright - Avondale Partners: And then the discussion of auto OEM, maybe give us an outlook or thought process today for additional wins and how that progress is going?
Cliff Pemble: We are making progress John as you know this market has a long cycle in terms of product development, but we are working on some additional programs which we are not prepared to announce yet.
John Bright - Avondale Partners: Understanding you are not guiding for ’13, but you made some positive commentary I think in the Aviation segment regarding some wins you had in place maybe you could, or how should investors think about the financial impact to Aviation in calendar ’13?
Kevin Rauckman: I think as Cliff mentioned the six certifications and that the expansion that we are seeing, we are expecting this year to be 0% to 5% even though there has been some difficult environment, difficult industry. So we would expect that that would increase next year and again we are not deploying where we can give exact guidance, but we are optimistic about the Aviation business and the most recent wins that we've announced.
John Bright - Avondale Partners: And on the health of the channel inventory specifically in the Outdoor, Fitness segment and then maybe overall?
Kevin Rauckman: We don't really see any significant impacts on channel; the product have been moving as expected through the channel, so no expectations on any kind of sell in versus sell out discrepancies for outdoor or for automobile.
John Bright - Avondale Partners: Final question on Marine. On your OEM efforts there, how large of an opportunity is the OEM business in the Marine segment, one? And then what if any are the holes that you have in your new product offering?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, John we, don't break out, obviously Auto OEM versus aftermarket and the same is true in Marine. I would say though that we've been under penetrated in OEM for many years and so we see it as a growth opportunity. Keep in mind though that both building is at some of the lowest levels that's been in many decades, so its not the same opportunity that it was four or five years ago.
John Bright - Avondale Partners: And regarding the holes in the product offering today?
Cliff Pemble: I think we have most of those covered at this point. We are investing heavily in R&D to fill some of those holes as well as refresh our product line which is some of the comments we made behind the margin compression there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Anderson of Dougherty & Company. Your line is open.
Charlie Anderson - Dougherty & Company: So I wanted to start with auto gross margins, sort of net of deferrals that have been very strong this year compared to last year and I imagine price stability have something to do with it. But I also wonder if you are seeing an up tick and maybe some of the App sales with Apple issues on their product and maybe some of those OEM gross margins are stronger?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, Charlie I think some of that is due to product mix in the PND segment which is driving the overall gross margin picture. So that's probably the biggest factor. In terms of the Apple situation, I think our App sales are pretty much steady, some up tick that the result is really not significant. We feel the consumers that are looking for premium navigation are not impacted or influenced by the availability of free solutions that are on the platforms.
Charlie Anderson - Dougherty & Company: And in terms of the guidance and what implies for Q4. I think I am showing at the mid-point a high-single digit to revenue decline. When you say fitness is going to be flat I think that implies everything else pretty much down. I wondered if you could correct me on that if anything else is going to be up, and in terms of what is going to be down kind of degrees by segment, that will be helpful. Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I think in general, your numbers are pretty accurate. Maybe the aviation gets a slight growth in the quarter, but in general flat up on fitness. Outdoor, probably has a slight growth as well, but given the expectations on PND we're being conservative there. We believe just due to some of the conditions, especially as I mentioned in Europe.
Charlie Anderson - Dougherty & Company: In terms of fitness, you mentioned in the press release, there are growth opportunities. You know, we're seeing a decline here. It's going to be up a little bit in Q4. I wonder if you can highlight what some of those growth opportunities are for us?
Cliff Pemble: Charlie, I think as we mentioned, the low end of the market has been left uncovered by us since the exit of the 305. So we feel like that is an opportunity for us to expand our sales again in that segment of the market. And then as we get closer to the vector release, we do believe that’s an opportunity for growth as we're currently not represented in the power market.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Sutherland from Wedbush Securities. Your line is open.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Securities: Just sticking on that fitness segment, you talked about the multi-sport and the cycling product, which are usually higher end products, is most that revenue decline attributed to the low-end product and do you think you can gain back share from some of the smartphone or Nike solutions by introducing this new watch.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, Scott, definitely those products and bikes and multi-sport are definitely higher end. We still have a very strong presence in what we call the running market which is the Forerunner 610 and that’s where the Forerunner 305 and now the Forerunner 10 moved. We feel that our share has been pretty much stable, some erosion due to the low end solution but we have done pretty well with the market that’s been asking us is there something to replace those revenues on the low end. 
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Securities: When you look at the marine segment I know I think you have a product cycle of over two years what’s the timing of next product cycle there? 
Kevin Rauckman: Well we are pretty much there now in terms of refreshing our product cycle. The cycle in marine is probably a little longer than two years it tends to be two to three years, but we have been investing heavily and we will be refreshing our line in the coming year. 
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Securities: And lastly on that revenue question for Q4, looks like you are guiding your EPS significantly lower. You have outperformed the first three quarters of this year versus last year in each of these quarters, now you are getting down the EPS. Is there spending or some margin inputs that we should take into account for this guidance? 
Cliff Pemble: If you look historically at what happens between Q3 and Q4 sequentially, we typically see a pretty significant drop in gross margin, so we are expecting the gross margins in the business to be below 50%. Secondly we are in a period because of the holiday season while we see a significant increase in advertising, so we will have some sequential growth and both media spend and cooperative advertising due to the higher volumes. So those are the two major impacts on driving our EPS assumptions in Q4. 
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Securities: I guess putting it in a different way you typically see sequential increase from Q3 to Q4 and looks like you are guiding flattish to downish from Q3 to Q4. Is there something else on a sequential basis that which we take into account? 
Cliff Pemble: No, nothing else sort of that, just looking at the top line and our expectations across the various segments that I just laid out in our earlier questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Spinola from Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Just I am looking at your Q3 auto revenue, it just knowing what we know about the PND market it seems like you had some pretty strength in the OEM business. Is there any color you can give whether it’s something as simple as sequential growth, so we have an idea of how that impact to Q3 and also just if there was any one-time may be unusually higher than normal OEM revenue because of the Suzuki shipments, any color that will be great?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, Andrew definitely our OEM is growing because of our Chrysler relationship as well as now in Suzuki. As we mentioned before, we don't breakout OEM versus PND so we are not prepared to give much color beyond that. In the PND market though on one condition that we faced last year is that the channel was a very lean and so this year the channel have been recovering and we believe we outperformed other markets to some extend because the channel is getting back to more normal levels. And then the second factor associated with our better performance in PND is that we are taking market share.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Got it. Is there anything one-time in nature to Q3 because of the initial shipments to Suzuki or is that sustainable level going forward?
Cliff Pemble: I think as the sustainable level going forward.
Andrew Spinola - Wells Fargo: Great. And then just one other question. Just on the insider sales recently, I would assume it opens up potentially a window for share repurchases. And I don't know if one-for-one or anything like that but is there any opportunity possible to move forward with share repurchases?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, at this point, we have no approved buyback program, it’s something that we could consider in terms of the use of cash but at this point we don't have anything to announce. It definitely gives a little bit more flexibility but we don't have anything that we can really discuss at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from James Faucette of Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
James Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities: Just a couple of questions for me. First, can you talk a little bit about the retailer strategy for the holiday season around your core consumer products like PND, fitness and outdoor where you are seeing retailers being I guess maybe more aggressive or how retailers are bearing from what your plan was coming into the year. And then you mentioned in the last answer a little bit about PND inventories in particular coming back up to maybe more normal levels or at least that's what I understood you just said. You talked about how you are thinking about the ongoing decline in sell through rates and what you are thinking about going into next year? Thank you. 
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, James in terms of the retailer commitment and activities going into Q4, it’s largely what we have seen in last year. There's going to be major promotions at all of the major retailers including Floor Displays and Black Friday advertisements and the Garmin is also doing a TV campaign as well. So we are really don't feel a lot of change in that respect, some of our other product lines are getting more attention during this holiday season. So there will be a lot of activity around golf and sports as well. So we believe that those will be also popular products in the fourth quarter. In terms of the ongoing PND decline, we would at this point expect to see the market continue to be in a secular decline position for 2013. We haven't forecasted that as of yet but right now rates are running in the range of 15% to 20% depending on the market and we would see that continuing into 2013. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer. 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer:  Just a quick follow-up on advertising, it was down year-on-year in 3Q both in absolute terms and as percentage of revenue. For the fourth quarter, can you give us a sense of what its going to look like on a year-on-year basis?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, it was down primarily due to cooperative advertising. We did have a little bit of a decline in media spend as well and as we said in our formal remarks that put us down closer to 4% of sales. Typically, we would see that up between 5% and 6% of sales during the fourth quarter. So that's what we would expect in Q4.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer: And are you going to have any major TV buyers?
Kevin Rauckman: As Cliff just mentioned we do have plans to do a TV ad campaign during the holiday season.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to management for closing remarks.
Cliff Pemble: Okay, thanks Stephanie, and thank you everyone for contributing and for listening in. We look forward to finishing the year strong and updating you at the next quarterly conference call. So have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-01 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director of Investor Relations Clifton A. Pemble - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director, President of Garmin International Inc, President of Garmin USA Inc and President of Garmin AT Inc  Kevin S. Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Treasurer of Garmin International Inc, Treasurer of Garmin Usa Inc, Director of Garmin International Inc and Director of Garmin Usa Inc
Analysts: Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Scott P. Sutherland - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division Michael Holt - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, and welcome, everyone, to the Garmin Ltd. Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference over to Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead, ma'am.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd. Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides, which can be viewed during this call. An archive of the webcast will be available until October 1, and a transcript to the call will be available on the website under the Events calendar. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending today's call on behalf of Garmin Ltd. are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff and Kevin. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As we announced earlier this morning, Garmin delivered strong revenue and margin performance, resulting in pro forma EPS growth of 56% in the second quarter. Consolidated revenues increased 7% year-over-year to $718 million with growth in Outdoor outpacing all of the segments at 24%. Our traditional markets of Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and Fitness contributed 45% of the total revenue mix. Gross margins improved to 59% from 48% in the prior year. Kevin will discuss specific items impacting margin performance later during his remarks. Operating margins also improved significantly to 28%, with our traditional markets posting 10% operating income growth in the quarter. Revenue growth combined with improved margins resulted in both operating income and pro forma EPS growth. Operating income for the quarter grew 55% to $204 million, while pro forma EPS was $0.98, a 56% improvement over the prior year. We sold 3.9 million units in the quarter, up 4% year-over-year. Next I'll walk you through the financial and strategic highlights segment by segment. Starting first with Marine. Revenue in the Marine segment declined 14%, driven by weak economic conditions around the world. However, better gross margins largely offset the impact of lower sales. Sales in Europe were down sharply, while sales in other regions were comparatively better but still soft during the normally robust second quarter selling season. While industry statistics indicating that boating sales have improved, the trend seems to be towards low-end boats where there's little to no Marine Electronics content. We maintain a high level of confidence in our long-term opportunities in the Marine segment and are continuing to invest in new product development and strategic alliances that position us for market share gains. As we have mentioned previously, these investments will create near-term operating margin compressions. In Aviation, we posted revenue growth of 4% as improvements in OEM deliveries were partially offset by weakness in the aftermarket. In recent quarters, operating margin has trended below historical norms as new programs require a higher level of R&D investment compared to what we have seen in the past. We remain confident that these investments will lead to stronger revenue and operating margin growth for the future. During the quarter, we made additional announcements that demonstrate the progress we are making to expand our presence in the business jet market. Cessna selected are G5000 integrated flight deck for the new Citation Longitude, which is the longest range business jet operating, offering in the Cessna lineup. This expands upon the already successful relationship we have had with Cessna for many years now. In addition, we announced a new relationship with Bombardier who selected the G5000 for the new Learjet 70 and 75, which are scheduled for delivery in 2013. Due to the steady increasing number of new cockpit certifications that are in progress, we thought it would be helpful to provide a summary of the major wins that have been announced so far and projected entry into service based on publicly available information from the aircraft manufacturers. In 2013, we anticipate entry into service of the Citation M2 with the G3000 integrated cockpit system. The Citation Ten with the G5000 integrated cockpit system and the Learjet 70 and 75 also with the G5000 system. In 2015, we anticipate entry into service for the Citation Latitude, which will be equipped with the G5000 system. And finally, in 2017, we anticipate entry into service with the Citation Longitude, which will be equipped with the G5000 system. We expect these wins along with other initiatives to deliver revenue growth in Aviation that outpaces that of the overall industry. Turning next to Outdoor. The Outdoor segment continued to perform well in the quarter with 24% revenue growth and 23% operating income growth, driven by new products and category expansion. In the golf market, we are experiencing growth across our product offerings with our high-end wristwatch, the Approach S3, and our newest handheld, the Approach G6, both contributing to the strong results. In early July, we introduced yet another innovative product in the Outdoor category, which is the fenix. This rugged yet stylish wristwatch integrates best-in-class outdoor watch functionality with GPS navigation. In addition to the GPS functionality, which we are known for, the built-in sensors include an altimeter for elevation, a barometer for providing weather information and a compass for navigation and tracking. The watch can also be paired with additional sensors to provide temperature, heart rate and cadence. We believe this is a highly attractive offering at a value price of $400. Looking next at the Fitness segment. Revenue grew 5%, while operating income grew 35% on a year-over-year basis. The slower revenue growth but strong margin performance are attributable to a variety -- variability in our product cycle during the past year. In 2011, we delivered the Forerunner 610, which positively impacted revenue through channel fill, while discounts on the end-of-life Forerunner 305 drove additional volumes, but that negatively impacted margins. So far in 2012, there have been no major product announcements. However, we have experienced good demand for our high-end products including the Forerunner 910XT, the Forerunner 610 and the Edge 500. We anticipate revenue growth rates will improve later this year as we launch new products in time for the holiday season. Late in the quarter, we launched the Garmin Swim, our first fitness product that targets the swimming market. This training watch tracks stroke type, stroke count, distance, pace and lengths. This information can be uploaded to Garmin Connect for post-workout analysis. Garmin Swim was introduced at the U.S. Masters Summer Swimming Championships where it was well received by the swimming community, including both former Olympians and Olympic hopefuls. Our Automotive/Mobile segment experienced another strong quarter with revenue growth of 8% along with strong margins. Our strong margin performance was partially due to a onetime benefit of $21 million due to an overpayment of certain royalties. Kevin will provide additional details in a moment. We gained additional market share in the second quarter and now estimate that our market share in North America exceeds 70% with European market share of approximately 35%. While we have posted 3 consecutive quarters of revenue growth in the segment, we continue to expect that the overall PND market will decline approximately 10% to 15% in units and value for the year. This decline is consistent with our prior expectations for the market. During the quarter, we introduced an update to our zumo product family, which is designed specifically for the motorcycle market and represents an important customer base for us. We remain focused on OEM market opportunities and are excited to partner with Suzuki as they launch their 2013 models with the Garmin-branded entertainment system. Turning next to guidance. Having passed the halfway point for 2012, we are updating our full year guidance. In light of our solid first half performance, we are narrowing our revenue range to $2.75 billion to $2.8 billion, which is at the high end of prior guidance. Additionally, we have raised our margin expectations for both gross and operating margins. As a result, we are increasing our pro forma EPS guidance to a range of $2.70 to $2.85, an increase of approximately 10%. That concludes my remarks. Next, Kevin will walk you through additional details on our financial results. Kevin?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our income statement and margin results, then move to the balance sheet and cash flow statement and conclude with a few comments regarding our full year 2012 expectations. You saw that we posted revenue of $718 million for the quarter with pro forma net income of $193 million. Our pro forma EPS was $0.98 per share, which excludes the foreign currency loss. Our revenue represents an increase of 7% year-over-year. Gross margin came in at 59%, which was an 1,100-basis point improvement from the prior year. I will discuss this in further detail by segment a little bit later. Operating margin was 28%, up 890 basis points from the prior year. The components of this increase were gross margin being favorable by 1,100 basis points; offset by advertising, 20 basis points unfavorable, which was up $4 million on a year-over-year basis; SG&A, 110 basis points unfavorable, up $13 million on a year-over-year basis; our R&D was 70 points -- 70 basis points unfavorable, up $9 million on a year-over-year basis. Each of these expense categories will be discussed further on a later slide. Our pro forma EPS of $0.98 represents a 56% increase year-over-year, driven by increasing revenues, good gross and operating margins. Units shipped increased 4% year-over-year as 3.9 million units were delivered during the quarter. And our total company average selling price was $184 per unit, up 3% from Q2 of 2011. According to U.S. GAAP, we must defer revenue on certain products, and this table summarizes the net impact of the deferral and amortization of revenue and related costs in the second quarter of 2012 and 2011. In the current quarter, we deferred on a net basis approximately $16 million of revenues, resulting in a $0.05 of tax affected deferred earnings per share during the quarter. In the second quarter of 2011, we deferred net revenue of $62 million or $0.23 of tax affected EPS. While we are deferring revenue according to U.S. GAAP, we are collecting the cash at time of sale as reflected in the statement of cash flows. We expect to have a negative revenue and EPS impact due to deferrals in the upcoming quarters, but do not expect the impact to be as significant as the amounts that we deferred in 2011. As I said, in total, our revenues increased 7% during the second quarter, and with all segments -- within all segments excluding Marine contributing to the growth. During the second quarter, we generated an 8% revenue increase within the Auto/Mobile segment as volumes increased due to our 2011 acquisition of Navigon. We continue to gain market share and we benefited from a reduction in deferred revenue. Our Outdoor segment posted the strongest revenue growth at 24% due primarily to market share gains within the GPS-enabled golf market, strong consumer reception for our recent product refreshes and the acquisition of Tri-Tronics in the back half of 2011. The Fitness segment continued to grow with a 5% revenue increase when compared to Q2 of 2011. The slower growth resulted from an exceptional Q2 2011 when we were heavily promoting the Forerunner 305 and has just begun deliveries of the Forerunner 610. We will have new Fitness products at the back half of 2012. Aviation segment revenues increased 4% compared to Q2 of 2011 with growth in OEM, partially offset by a slowdown in the aftermarket. And finally, Marine segment revenues decreased 14% compared to Q2 last year as both the aftermarket and OEM markets slowed down due to a global decline in the Marine Electronics markets. During Q2, both the Americas and EMEA posted revenue growth with a slight decline in APAC. The decline in APAC is the result of a change in shipment location for a major OEM customer. Without the impact of this change, our APAC region would have grown approximately 10%. For Q2 of this year, the Americas represent 55% of revenue compared to 53% in Q2 of 2011. EMEA decreased from 38% of total in Q2 to 38%, while Asia decreased from 9% to 8% in the same period. The Auto/Mobile segment represented 55% of our total revenue during Q2, up slightly from 53% in Q2 2011 due to the contribution from our acquisition of Navigon. Outdoor grew to 14% of revenues in the quarter, an increase from 12% in 2011. And due to the improved profitability of Auto/Mobile in the second quarter, the operating income contribution of the segment increased to 43% from only 19% in the prior year. In absolute dollars, our traditional segments of Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and Fitness contributed $117 million of operating income in the quarter, a 10% increase over the second quarter of 2011. Moving next to the margin analysis. Our second quarter Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were 51% and 22%, respectively. The year-over-year improvement in gross margin was primarily driven by the amortization of previously deferred high-margin revenue, which contributed 590 basis points, a onetime royalty fee adjustment of $21 million contributing 510 basis points and product mix shifting toward more full-featured large screen devices. Operating margin improvement resulted from the strong gross margins with only a slight offset in SG&A expenses due to a legal settlement during the period. Q2 Outdoor gross margin was 67%, up from 65% year-ago quarter. Operating margin was 44%, flat to the year-ago quarter as improved gross margins were offset by a slight increase in operating expenses. Q2 Fitness gross margin of 69%, up from 58% in the year-ago quarter when we were heavily discounting the Forerunner 305 product. Operating margin was 42%, again up significantly from the year-ago quarter as improved gross margins were only slightly offset by increased advertising costs in the segment. Q2 Marine gross margin was 64% compared to 56% a year ago as product mix shifted towards higher-margin products. Operating margin was 27%, down from 30% a year ago as the gross margin improvement was offset by increased R&D expenses to support our long-term Marine OEM strategy and cooperative advertising with our Marine partners. Our second quarter Aviation gross margin was 71%, up from 69% in Q2 2011. Operating margin was 27% for the quarter, down from 30% in the prior year due primarily to increased R&D expense associated with new OEM programs that will begin to contribute to revenue in 2013 and increased SG&A cost due to a bad debt credit that we booked in Q2 of last year. Our second quarter operating expenses increased by $27 million on a year-over-year basis from $191 million in Q2 2011 to $218 million in Q2 2012 and increased 200 basis points as a percentage of sales. R&D increased $9 million year-over-year in the second quarter and 70 basis points to 11% of sales as headcount increased with our recent acquisitions, and we continue to invest in OEM opportunities. Our ad spending increased $4 million over the year-ago quarter and increased 20 basis points as a percentage of sales to 5% in Q2 of 2012. This was largely driven by additional costs associated with acquired entities and cooperative advertising and promotional activities in our Outdoor, Fitness and Marine segments. And SG&A increased $13 million compared to the year-ago quarter, which was a 110-basis point increase to 14% of sales. The increase is primarily attributable to acquisitions and a $9 million legal settlement. Moving next to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over $2.6 billion. Our accounts receivable increased sequentially to $486 million due to seasonal strength in the second quarter. Accounts receivable accounted for approximately 62 days of sales when calculated on a trailing 4 quarters compared to 66 days of sales in the second quarter last year. Our inventory balance has decreased to $384 million on a sequential basis at the close of the second quarter, and our days of inventory metric was 98 days compared to 106 days in the second quarter of 2011. The dividend payable now reflects 3 remaining quarterly payments of $0.45 per share, which was approved by our shareholders on June 1 at the Annual Meeting. We continue to generate significant free cash flow across our business as cash from operations was $223 million during the second quarter. CapEx was $12 million during Q2. Therefore, we generated free cash flow of $211 million during the quarter. Cash flow invested during Q2 was $146 million, which was including $12 million in CapEx and $132 million net purchase of marketable securities. Financing activities were $86 million use of cash during Q2 due primarily to the dividend payment on June 29, and we earned an average of 1.3% on all cash and marketable security balances during the second quarter. With our strong free cash flow generation year-to-date, we are making good progress to our forecast of $650 million, which will fund our annualized dividend of $1.80 per share or approximately $350 million. We also continue to pursue acquisitions in adjacent niche markets and tuck-in technologies, which fit with our core markets. As has been Garmin's practice, acquisitions will continue to be evaluated by technology, value, compatibility and strategic fit. Our tax rate for Q1 -- Q2 was at 10.4% due to the release of reserves following the expiration of the statute of limitations. We expect the full year 2012 tax rate to be approximately 13%. Finally, as Cliff mentioned, we are updating our full year 2012 guidance given current trends across our segments. Let's review the total company guidance, so here we just provide additional detail on revenue by segment. At a high level, we have increased our growth expectations for Auto/Mobile and Outdoor, our 2 largest segments, while Fitness and Marine expectations have been reduced. The upside in Auto/Mobile is the result of better-than-expected market share gains and product mix. Deferred revenue has also proven to be less of a headwind than expected. Outdoor revenue guidance is being raised due to the continued strength we are achieving in golf and dog-related products. Offsetting these positives, we reduced our Fitness forecast due to new product delays and our Marine forecast due to a weak Marine environment, which we view as a macroeconomic problem. While on the surface, this revised guidance may appear conservative given our strong first half performance, we do have a number of contributing factors to consider. First, first half revenue growth was positively impacted by our acquisitions of Navigon and Tri-Tronics, which were completed in the third quarter of 2011. Our Outdoor segment had very strong fourth quarter 2011 due to new product introduction and a strong holiday season for our golf devices. Also, the European macroeconomic situation and subsequent weakening of the euro brings possible headwinds for us in the back half of the year. This concludes our formal remarks this morning. We will now move to a period of questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: If I could ask on PND, the units actually grew for the past 3 quarters, yet you're still pointing to a sharp decrease this year. I'm just wondering what's behind the fear that the segment deteriorates when the results indicate otherwise? Is it mostly the European macro? Is it competition or is it channel inventory? And also if you could comment on what's the impact of Apple maps, if any.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Mark, this is Cliff. There's really a couple of factors that impact our PND deliveries. First of all, we're delivering units under the Navigon brand, which has increased our deliveries. And along with that, we have market share gains, both when considering the Navigon brand, as well as organically in the Garmin brand. So we've been able to essentially avoid the trends in the market, which is a clear downsizing of the market that's going on right now. So as we comp against Navigon in the third and fourth quarter, we would expect our unit deliveries to level out and follow the market after that. And the market trend, again, is down 10% to 15% or so this year we estimate. As far as Apple goes, of course, everyone knows about the announcement that was made, turn-by-turn navigation on the next version of the OS. I would say that we've been through this before on the Android side of things, and Android does offer that on all their devices right now, so we don't see that as being a big change in terms of customers' perceptions. It just means that there's a choice now on the Apple platform that people didn't have before.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And maybe a question for you, Kevin. The encouraging trends in the gross margin seem to imply a higher level of movement in operating margins, yet it's just a notch higher at this point. Is that mostly due to the drag on the Aviation side or is there something else going on where the flow-through from gross margins is not hitting operating margins just yet?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think, you have to look at the seasonality that we experienced in margin. So while we did have a really strong quarter in the first half on gross margins, we still expect promotional activity during the holiday season, which will drive a little bit of gross margin decline in our Auto/Mobile segment. And then on the operating level, I think there is definitely a continued investment in those areas especially in the OEM side that Cliff and I both discussed. So it's a combination of the seasonality of gross margin but also the continued investment on OpEx.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a quick follow-up. Is there a period where that peaks the investments on the OEM side and just for Auto and for Aviation perhaps?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think we've been investing pretty heavily on the Auto OEM and the Aviation and the Marine OEMs. So there's no peak. We're just going to continue to invest on these programs for future revenue growth.
Operator: We'll take our next question from John Bright of Avondale Partners.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: How significant was the contribution of Navigon to Auto/Mobile in Q2?
Kevin S. Rauckman: So we're not really commenting on the amount that -- I think we did continue to perform well. Now we're into a period of transitioning to one brand in the back half, but that business and that acquisition has been very suitable to us not only from a revenue perspective, but also from capability on the R&D side.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: What is your view on the inflection point of PND sales versus embedded car navigation? When might we -- when do you think we're going to see that?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think there's no question, John, that in-dash systems are increasing. It is still true that a lot of those systems are sold with more expensive cars or higher-end trends, and so the amount of penetration there has some upper bound at least at the moment. But right now, we still see that there's a healthy demand from people with vehicles without turn-by-turn navigation, as well as replacement buyers.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: And moving to Aviation, you have a timeline in your slide. How do you anticipate the ASP margin impact of OEM Aviation wins as we look forward to calendar '13 and forward?
Clifton A. Pemble: ASP is kind of a hard metric for Aviation because systems like the G5000 come with many components in the overall system, and price per aircraft, of course, is high compared to other areas of our business. In terms of margin, we feel like that will be equivalent margin to what we've been experiencing so far, and there really shouldn't be any change in the overall gross margin profile.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: And to guidance, it looks like the -- you've trimmed your guidance in Fitness, Marine and Outdoor. Is it fair to assume that's primarily due to really economic concern?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, first of all, we actually raised our guidance on Outdoor because our prior expectations had been 5% to 10%, so we're raising that due to continued success on what I have mentioned, the golf and the dog-related products. But I think Fitness is -- and we talked about the fact that we have tough comps into Q2. We do expect with some new product releases in the back half for that to be better, but I think it's that and also Marine are definitely macro concerns.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Pardon me for mentioning Outdoor on the trim. Kevin and Cliff, on the Auto/Mobile side, more on the OEM side, characterize your progress in generating some additional wins. We've certainly seen some from TomTom. Characterize how you're -- how that's going for you.
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, we think it's going steadily. I think this market does move at a fairly slow pace and the projects do take some time to develop and the relationships. So we don't want to provide people a false sense that this is going to move very quickly. The Auto industry is a slow-moving industry. With that said, we're excited about where we're at with the Suzuki program launches now, and it's a full infotainment system for the vehicle, which is a Tier 1 opportunity for us, which we're excited about. And other recent wins such as VW with the Navigon brand on the Up vehicle has been very good.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Final question on the use of cash, on your slides, increased focus on acquisitions. Is there any change in that thought process from last quarter?
Kevin S. Rauckman: No. We've continued down the same strategic path there. We're looking for companies that would fit us well, but can also provide growth much like you've seen from us in the past. So no real change in our strategy.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer & Co.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I'm trying to understand the comment about PND volumes being up. Your revenue was up $30 million in the quarter, but $45 million of that came from the deferrals coming down. I think another $21 million came from the royalty reversal. So if I exclude those factors, it looks like revenue is probably down $20 million or $30 million. Is the right analysis here is that there was ASP coming down potentially because of the Navigon acquisition or what are the other factors at play here?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, first of all, the $21 million adjustment is actually a gross margin benefit, so it's not a sales impact, but your other comments about Navigon and deferred revenue definitely hold true. So we did see with -- if you strip out deferred revenue, we did see just a small ASP decline as we move towards a little bit lower sales of lower-priced SKUs. That definitely exceeded expectations on the first half, but I think we're being pragmatic as we look at the back half of the year on unit growth, and we picked up market share gains pretty healthy in North America on the first half, but we don't forecast we're going to continue to grow any further on share gains in the second half.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, if I look at the underlying margin, even if I exclude that $21 million, it's up in the high 40s. I think your guidance implies that the margin in the PND business goes back into the low 30s. I understand that there's typically promotional activity in the back half, but it seems like a pretty dramatic decline given the expectation that ASPs are going to stay relatively flat.
Kevin S. Rauckman: I don't think our expectation is, again, in the low 30s, but they definitely come down as we see every Q4 into the -- below 40%. So there is some decline is assumed -- in our EPS assumptions in the back half, but not as low as you just stated.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: I meant high 30s, I apologize.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Okay.
Operator: And our next question comes from Scott Sutherland of Wedbush Securities.
Scott P. Sutherland - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: So you talked briefly about some of the Auto OEM wins, BMW with Navigon and the Suzuki. Can you talk a bit more about the pipeline? Could we expect to see you guys is other 2013 models or is that longer term as you look at this market?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, the Suzuki win is 2013 models, and those are coming down the line now.
Scott P. Sutherland - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I guess I was asking about the pipeline. Can we expect more Auto OEM wins for 2013 models beyond the couple you just announced or have been talking about?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, there's definitely other projects we're working on and I really can't comment on the timeline of those. But as I mentioned, the timeline for these programs is very long. So I would expect patience is in order in terms of just seeing some of these come to fruition.
Scott P. Sutherland - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Diving deeper on an Apple question earlier, they did announce their maps navigation, but one of the things they did also announce is a button on the steering wheel integration with Auto OEMs. Has that changed any of your discussions you had with the auto manufacturers?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think auto manufacturers are interested in incorporating consumer content into the cars. That's been true for a while now, and this is really just a variation on the capabilities that cars have had for a while, which is what we call the push-to-talk capability, activating voice recognition.
Scott P. Sutherland - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And lastly, shifting over to the Fitness segment. How much of the decline in your guidance is due to the delay, such as the power meter and other things such as that? Are you seeing any competitive threats or is this just push out to 2013?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think it's both. I think the Vector product definitely was the one product delay that we assumed earlier in our guidance, so that's one component. But it's also a factor that there is more competition, and we do have some new products that I mentioned. We can't talk specifically about them yet, but if they are received well, we feel confident in that segment. But it's a combination of both product timing and also competition.
Operator: We'll go next to Charlie Anderson of Dougherty & Company.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: Just to hone in on Fitness a little bit. I think you guys were looking at a little bit of an accelerating growth rate versus Q2 in the second half. You talked about new products. I wonder -- and you're sort of in the core markets of cycling, running and now swimming, and I wonder if you're adding new adjacent categories or you're just having refreshes of your current categories to get that higher growth rate? And then secondly, on Outdoor, it looks like you're implying kind of a slower growth rate on the second half versus what you did the first half, and I wonder with the fenix and golf having more points of distribution, why would we see that slowdown?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. I think, on the Fitness, definitely, we have niches of existing segments and categories. We're not looking at any brand new. We brought up the Swim watch as you mentioned, and then it's primarily in the running market. We already have the cycling products out for the year. So there's no new brand new categories that we have coming up other than some new features and functionality. From the Outdoors, I mentioned we have some very significant Q4 results last year. So we're really talking about a tough comp year-over-year, but with the new fenix watch, we think that's going to do well, and the remaining golf products and the dog-related products. So I think we're being reasonable on our expectations on Outdoor in the back half of the year.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: Great. And then lastly on gross margins, it felt like it wasn't category specific the lift in every single category. I wonder if there was a common component that came in a little bit lower in terms of the pricing that you got or if there was some sort of a currency tailwind you got on your cost of goods sold?
Kevin S. Rauckman: No, not really. I mean, we've seen single-digit product cost benefits across our business, but I think a lot of it had to do with the product mix as we talked about. We think that 5 points of margin is due to the fact that we sold products at higher functionality and higher price points, which helped our overall gross margins across many of the segments.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll go next to Simona Jankowski of Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just one more, a follow-up on the Fitness side. You talked about some of the competitive dynamics and the delays that might have impacted the revenue deceleration there. But margins are very, very strong, and also when we have tracked your pricing, it seems to be still pretty stable especially relative to what we've seen from some of the competition. And so, I guess, the question is what is your thinking around being more aggressive on pricing to stimulate some of the demand and also to fight off some of the competitive dynamics?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think, Simona, as we mentioned in 2011, we had a lot of promotional activities with products that was nearing the end of their life cycle. And I think you can expect that going forward, we'll have those kinds of activities as well, which will bring the pricing down and also bring the value up for people that are looking for certain capabilities in their running and cycling products. We're also planning to introduce new products, which will address additional price points in our range.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then just a clarification on your updated full year guidance, that includes the royalty benefit in it, is that right?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, absolutely.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And can you just expand a little bit on what the royalty entailed? What that reversal was all about?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think it was one of our suppliers that we typically review the price or the cost per unit. And so we made some adjustments there after doing further review, and I think that's the onetime benefit that we expect in Q2. So we don't expect that that's going to be anything significant moving forward, but it was a kind of a cleanup or a correction of past license fees paid.
Operator: We'll go next to James Faucette of Pacific Crest.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of follow-up questions. I think, first, as it relates to the Marine segment and addressing why gross margins were so strong there in spite of the year-over-year revenue decline. You mentioned product mix. Can you give a little more detail what is happening with the product mix there that's helping you to drive the better margins?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think it's people gravitating towards the higher end of our product range, our bigger displays, as well as our more capable sounders which go on larger vessels.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Great. And then you also highlighted the opportunities in Aviation, particularly as new aircraft start to ship in the next few years. What's your visibility into the unit numbers of their shipments? What kind of lead time do you get and how much confidence do you tend to have in those orders once they're delivered to you?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think aircraft OEMs are running a long lead business much like a carmaker would do, but they have to plan their production months or even more than a year in advance. And so they provide us with forecast, and those are usually pretty solid. Obviously, when there's a major disruption in the economy like what we experienced back in 2008, things can dramatically change. But we feel like, for what we know today, there should not be anything that would significantly change the projections they're giving us.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then my last question is just as it relates to investments that are ongoing, particularly in terms of trying to win OEM opportunities, how do you think about the, I guess that investment trajectory going forward? You've had a few wins, but at what point do you start to feel like, okay, most of the opportunities have now been allocated whether to Garmin or to others and can start to think about either scaling that back or not -- or just investing as revenues?
Clifton A. Pemble: I think there's a certain amount of activity that we can support given the size of the overall automotive industry and the number of competitors that are out there. But right now, certainly, automakers are looking for new solutions and innovators that can come in and provide unique advantages and differentiators for their products. But this is a business that has a large number of participants, and the overall operating margin profile of people in the industry, if you gotten a look, is on the lower side. But it's also a business that gets refreshed every few years. Automakers don't just choose the supplier and then keep that for the next 20 years. They're constantly looking for new things. So we think that there's a sustainable business there that requires investment to get there.
Operator: And we'll take a follow-up from Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer & Co.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Question about the take rate for lifetime mapping. Can you tell us how that's tracking and what you expect for the back half of the year?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. We did see continued increases in that, primarily in the European market. So we're about 2/3 of our PNDs are now bundled with lifetime map. So we expect that to continue to increase probably to about 3/4 of our units by the end of the year.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Great. And then it looks like you have some litigation stuff behind you. How should we think about SG&A for the balance of the year?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I would think that SG&A, we did have the onetime $9 million. SG&A should stay at the current run rate where we might actually see a little bit of savings in Q3, but it will be between the 13% and 14% of sales for the full year.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jonathan Goldberg of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of quick questions here. Just, first of all, on the power meter on your Vector product, can you give us an update on where that stands?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, as we have told you before, we have been extensively testing working prototypes that we've been building. And at the time, we weren't happy with the consistency and the overall performance that we were seeing. So we are doing some design changes and starting to assemble new prototypes now, and we would expect that by the end of the year we should have a solid power meter.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And what is the -- what caused the problem there? Is it a function of this being a more mechanical rather than electrical product?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, it's some of that, but it's a highly sensitive measuring instrument, and so integrating that into the bike and achieving some of the innovations that we're working on here has been challenging, but something that we're able to knock off the problems one by one.
Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just shifting over to Marine real quick. This is typically a market where you guys have been somewhat subscale, or not subscale but sort of a lot smaller than some of your bigger competitors. Do you see a potential to shift your market position there over time without acquisitions? Can you guys grow without, say, acquiring Raymarine, which got away?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes. Actually, we estimate our market position right now to be a strong #2 in the market, and we're actually the strongest one single brand out there in the market. We've been able to raise our penetration into the market through our large displays and through additional systems that we brought to market such as our radars and our sounders, which are built for the big boaters and the coastal markets. So we're very strong, we feel, in the coastal markets, and we're less penetrated in some of the other markets such as inland and sailing.
Operator: We'll go next to Rich Valera of Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Kevin, a clarification on your commentary on SG&A. When you said a slight savings in 3Q, were you referring to the $99 million or backing out that $9 million settlement charge?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I was referring to the $99 million. So yes, we would still see a slight growth if you strip out the legal fees for the rest of the year, but still, I guess, between 13% and 14% total year SG&A as a percent of sales.
Operator: We'll go next to Michael Holt of Morningstar.
Michael Holt - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Looking longer term at the Fitness segment. Just wondering if you could provide some color on the dynamics that you think will help you maintain your lead over the competition. Is it the fragmentation of the market, the distribution advantages, the ability to invest more in innovation? Or how do think about staying ahead of the competition?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think, we've established a really strong presence in the market especially amongst the really serious participants in that market, and so we're experiencing a lot of loyalty from those customers built on the kind of products that we're doing. They're very innovative, they offer the kind of features that the customers want and they trust our products and our brands for what they're doing.
Operator: And with no further questions in queue, I'd like to turn the conference back over to Kevin Rauckman for any additional or closing remarks.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, thanks, everyone, for your participation, and we look forward to staying in touch and further comments as we execute in the business throughout the second half of the year. So thanks again, and have a great weekend.
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. We appreciate everyone's participation today.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-02 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director of Investor Relations Clifton A. Pemble - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director, President of Garmin International Inc, President of Garmin USA Inc and President of Garmin AT Inc  Kevin S. Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Treasurer of Garmin International Inc, Treasurer of Garmin Usa Inc, Director of Garmin International Inc and Director of Garmin Usa Inc
Analysts: Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Suhail Chandy - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division Jeff Rath - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. First Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. I want to note that today's call is being recorded. And now, I would like to turn the conference over to Kerri Thurston, Director of Investor Relations. Kerri, please go ahead.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd.'s First Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides, which can be viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will be available until June 1, and a transcript to the call will be available on the website under the Events calendar. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Attending on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff and Kevin. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton A. Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As we announced earlier this morning, Garmin delivered revenue and pro forma EPS growth in the first quarter. Consolidated revenues increased 10% year-over-year to $557 million, with each of our business segments contributing. Our traditional markets of Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and Fitness attributed 14% revenue growth and 50% of the total revenue mix. Gross margins improved to 51% from 47% in the prior year. Operating margins also improved 150 basis points to 16%, with our traditional markets providing 80% of the operating income mix in the quarter. Revenue growth, combined with improved margins, resulted in both operating income and pro forma EPS growth. Operating income for the quarter grew 21% or $16 million, while pro forma EPS came in at $0.45, a 5% improvement over the prior year. We sold 2.7 million units in the quarter, up 7% year-over-year. Next, I'll walk you through the financial and strategic highlights, segment by segment.  Starting in the Marine segment, revenue grew 9% as the overall industry showed signs of improvement. The mild winter experienced throughout much of the U.S. may have triggered an early start to the marine season. Growth was broad-based across our product portfolio. An area of strategic focus in the Marine segment is to strengthen our position in the OEM space through product portfolio expansion and strategic alliances. As we have mentioned in the past, 2012 will be a year of significant investment, as we pursue opportunities that we believe will lead to growth in 2013 and beyond. The near-term impact will result in some level of margin compression. However, we expect to see this reverse as revenue growth accelerates in the future. In Aviation, we posted revenue growth of 5%, with both the retrofit and OEM markets contributing. However, OEM recovery still lags the broader economy, and we expect this condition to continue throughout the year. During the quarter, we supported the successful first flight of the Cessna M2, which includes the Garmin G3000 cockpit system. This certification project, along with several others, continue to make good progress, and we anticipate the program will contribute to revenue growth in 2013 and beyond. These programs are very complex and require a higher level of R&D investment compared to what we have seen in the past. While this investment does compress our margins in the near term, we are confident that the investments we are making now will lead to growth in the future. The Outdoor segment performed well in the first quarter with 16% revenue growth and 4% operating income growth. Revenue improvement was primarily driven by new categories such as GPS-enabled golf products, as well as dog tracking and training. In the golf market, we continued to expand our product offerings with the new Approach S3. This touchscreen watch provides an integrated digital scorecard and shows the layout of the greens with the ability to easily relocate the pin. Throughout 2012, we will focus on creating new opportunities in adjacent markets and product categories as we have done in the past. We will also pursue utility, content and innovative form factors to capture both new and repeat customers. Turning now to the Fitness segment. Revenue grew 26% and operating income grew 34% on a year-over-year basis. This strong performance was partially driven by the successful launch of our latest, multisport device, the Forerunner 910XT. This product has been well received and is expected to continue to perform well at the high end of the market as we enter triathlon season. We continue to believe the Fitness category offers significant opportunity for growth going forward. In response to this opportunity, we are focused on delivering innovation in both running and cycling to drive broader adoption of GPS technology across a range of price points. Our Auto/Mobile segment was strong again in the first quarter, delivering revenue growth of 6%. This growth was primarily related to global market share gains in PND, sales of automobile -- mobile applications and amortization of previously deferred revenues that Kevin will discuss in a moment. During the quarter, we announced our first factory-installed infotainment relationship with Suzuki. We will be providing a complete entertainment head unit with enhanced features and an intuitive user-interface to a number of Suzuki models in both North America and Europe, along with a number of additional regions. This represents a significant milestone for Garmin, as we seek to build relationships and credibility in the auto OEM industry. While we are pleased with the first quarter results in the Auto/Mobile segment, we don't expect this trend to continue in the longer term as PND represents a substantial portion of the revenue mix, and the size of the PND market continues to shrink. We anticipate that the PND market will decline approximately 10% on a global basis for the full year.  However, we expect our margins to improve throughout the remainder of the year as volumes increase from the seasonally low first quarter. Our strategic focus in the PND market is to profitably aggregate additional market share through innovation and by delivering the best navigation experience in the vehicle.  With the Suzuki announcement, we took another step forward in building our OEM presence. However, we also recognize that this is just the beginning, as it relates to broader OEM market opportunities. We will continue to develop these opportunities, which will contribute to revenue growth in the years to come. Before turning the call over to Kevin, I wanted to highlight another important milestone that was announced this morning. We are pleased to report we have surpassed the 100 million units sold mark. Since our humble beginnings in 1989, we have delivered quality products to motorists, pilots, boaters, runners, cyclists, bikers, hunters and geocachers around the globe. We sold our first product in 1991, our millionth in 1997, 25 million in 2007 and now, over 100 million in 2012. It has been an incredible journey so far, and we are excited about our future.  At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin, who will walk us through the financial details. Kevin?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin by reviewing our income statement and margin results, then move to the balance sheet and cash flow statement, and then conclude with a few comments regarding our full year 2012 expectations.  So first, we posted revenue of $557 million for the quarter with net income of $87 million. And our pro forma EPS was $0.45 per share, which excludes the foreign currency loss. Our revenue represents an increase of 10% year-over-year and our gross margin came in at 51%, which was a 410-basis point improvement from the prior year. Operating margin was 16%, up 150 basis points from the prior year. The key components of this were the favorable gross margin of 410 basis points offset by advertising, which was 30 basis points unfavorable and up $4 million on a year-over-year basis. SG&A was 180 basis points unfavorable, up $17 million on a year-over-year basis. Our R&D was 40 basis points unfavorable, up $10 million on a year-over-year basis. And each of these expense categories will be discussed further on a later slide. Our pro forma EPS of $0.45 represents a 5% increase year-over-year, driven by increasing revenues, improved growth and operating margins offset by a higher effective tax rate. The first quarter 2011 effective tax rate of 1.5% provided an additional $0.06 of diluted EPS.  And finally, units shipped increased 7% year-over-year as 2.7 million units were delivered during the quarter. Our total company average selling price was $205 per unit, up 2% from Q1 of 2011, driven primarily by our segment mix. According to the U.S. GAAP, we must defer revenue on certain products, and this table summarizes the net impact of the deferral and amortization of revenue and related costs in the first quarter of 2012 and 2011. In the current quarter, we recognized, on a net basis, approximately $1 million of previously amortized revenues, resulting in no EPS impact during the quarter.  In the first quarter of 2011, we deferred net revenue of $22 million or $0.09 of tax-affected EPS. While we are deferring revenue according to U.S. GAAP, we are collecting cash at the same time of sale, as reflected in our statement of cash flows. We now expect to have a negative revenue and EPS impacts due to deferrals in the upcoming quarters, but do not expect the impact to be as significant as the amounts that we deferred in 2011. In total, our revenues increased 10% during the first quarter, with all segments contributing to the growth. In Q1, we generated a 6% revenue increase within the Auto/Mobile segment, as volumes increased due to our 2011 acquisition of Navigon, and we continued to gain market share. ASP also increased slightly, driven by the recognition of previously deferred revenues. Our Outdoor segment posted strong revenue growth at 16%, due primarily to market share gains within the GPS-enabled golf market and the acquisition of Tri-Tronics in the back half of 2011.  The Fitness segment continued to grow with a 26% revenue increase when compared to Q1 of 2011 on the strength of new product introductions, particularly the Forerunner 910XT for the triathlete market. Aviation segment revenues increased 5% compared to Q1 2011 with a single-digit growth in both aftermarket and OEM. In our Marine segment, revenues increased 9% compared to Q1 of 2011, as both the aftermarket and OEM markets improved for Garmin. During Q1, all geographies posted growth, with EMEA posting the strongest growth at 16%. For Q1 2012, the Americas represented 53% of revenue compared to 55% in Q1 of 2011. EMEA increased from 34% of total revenue a year ago to 36% in Q1 of 2012, while Asia was consistent at 11% of total. The Auto/Mobile segment represented 50% of our total revenue during the quarter, down 52% from Q1 of 2011. And Fitness grew to 13% of revenues in the quarter, an increase from 11% in 2011. Due to the improved profitability of Auto/Mobile in Q1 of 2012, the operating income contribution of the segment increased to 20% from only 2% in the prior year. The traditional segments of Outdoor, Fitness, Aviation and Marine contributed 80% of our Q1 total 2012 operating income. Looking next at margins. Q1 Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were 39% and 6%, respectively. This year-over-year improvement in gross margin was primarily driven by the amortization of previously deferred high-margin revenue and product mix. Operating margin in the quarter was 6%, with gross margin improvement offset by increased SG&A and R&D expenses, focused on auto OEM. Q1 Outdoor gross margin was 61%, down slightly from Q1 of 2011. Operating margin was 34%, a decline from 37% in the year-ago quarter, due primarily to increased allocation of our SG&A expenses to this segment. Q1 Fitness gross margin, 61%, up slightly from the year-ago quarter. Our operating margin in this segment was 29%, again, up slightly to the year-ago quarter as the revenue growth outpaced our expense increases. Q1 marine gross margin was 60% compared to 65% in the year-ago quarter, as product mix shifted toward lower margin products. Operating margin was 16%, down 20 -- down from 29% a year ago, driven by the gross margin decline, increased R&D expenses to support our long-term marine OEM strategy, as well as cooperative advertising within our -- with our marine partners. And finally, the Q1 Aviation gross margin came in at 68%, down slightly from 69% a year ago. Operating margin was 23% for the quarter, down from 26% in the prior year, due primarily to the decline in gross margin and increased R&D expense associated with our new OEM programs that will begin to contribute revenue in 2013. Q1 operating expenses increased by $30 million on a year-over-year basis from $164 million, up to $193 million in Q1 of 2012, an increase to 260 basis points as a percentage of sales. A large portion of the increase was due to the acquisitions as I will highlight. Sequentially, operating expenses declined in all 3 categories. First, R&D increased $10 million year-over-year in the quarter and 40 basis points to 14% of sales, as headcount increased with our recent acquisitions, and we continue to invest in several OEM opportunities. Our ad spending increased $4 million over the year-ago quarter, with an increase of 30 basis points as a percentage of sales to 4% in Q1 of 2012. This was largely driven by additional costs associated with our acquired entities and cooperative advertising and promotional activities in our Marine and Aviation segments. SG&A increased $17 million compared to the year-ago quarter, an increase of 180 basis points to 16% of sales. The increase was primarily attributable to our acquisitions and to increased legal fees. Moving next to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over $2.5 billion. Our accounts receivable decreased sequentially to $430 million due to the seasonality of the first quarter. AR accounted for approximately 56 days of sales when calculated on a trailing 4 quarters, compared to 81 days of sales in the fourth quarter of 2011 and 58 days of sales in the year-ago quarter. Our inventory balances increased slightly to $407 million on a sequential basis at the close of the first quarter. Our days of inventory metric was 102 days, compared to 102 in the fourth quarter and 119 days in the first quarter of 2011. We do not currently show a dividend payable as the $1.80 per share requires approval of our shareholders on June 1 at our annual meeting. We continued to generate free cash flow across our business as cash from operations was $122 million during Q1. We spent $6 million on CapEx during Q1, therefore, our free cash flow during the quarter was $116 million. Cash flow invested during Q1 was $55 million, including the $6 million in CapEx and $43 million net purchase of marketable securities. Our financing activities were a $74 million use of cash during the quarter, due primarily to the dividend payment on March 31. And overall, we earned an average of 1.5% in all of our cash and marketable security balances during the quarter. We expect our strong free cash flow generation to continue in 2012. And with it, we plan to continue to fund a strong dividend. We will ask shareholders to approve a 45% share quarterly dividend at our June annual meeting. We'll also continue to pursue acquisitions in adjacent niche markets or tuck-in technologies, which fit our core markets. As has been our practice in the past, acquisitions will be evaluated by technology, value compatibility and a strategic fit within our company. Tax rate for the quarter was 12.8%, and we expect our 2012 rate to be approximately 13% for the full year. Finally, as a reminder, we provided our full year 2012 guidance in February. And we are not updating guidance at this time, as our Q1 trends were generally in line with our own expectations and it is the seasonally weakest quarter of our fiscal year. We will plan to review and update 2012 guidance following our Q2 results.  This concludes our formal remarks, and we will now move to a period of Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And from Dougherty & Company, we'll go to Charlie Anderson.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: You guys highlighted the warmer weather. And I wonder, kind of relative to your forecast going in, how did that impact sales? And how should we be thinking about sort of seasonality in Q2, given that maybe some of these products were bought earlier than they normally are?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, Charlie, I think definitely, warmer weather could have spurred some initial buying, early start to marine season, as we commented. And if that's the case, then we would expect that maybe some of those purchases were done earlier and that Q2 could consequently be a little softer in some of those seasonal markets. But it's too early to tell. And I think that we'll continue to monitor going forward.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: Same goes for Outdoor, potentially?
Clifton A. Pemble: Possibly. Although, again, I think it's probably a little more difficult to tell there.
Charles L. Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC, Research Division: Yes. And then a follow-up for me on Marine, I think your OpEx was up something like $6 million, $7 million year-over-year. I think you guys highlighted in the press release the increase in R&D. But I think that only made up $2 million of that increase. So I wonder if there are any sort of one-time events or if it's all just sort of related to some of these OEM program costs. And then on that, I wondered if you could help us understand sort of the upside revenue potential as you're building for some of these OEM programs, that would be helpful.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, there really were no one-time events. So I think the points of investment in marine OEM apply across the board, whether it's R&D or other SG&A costs. And -- so I think we've seen some growth over the last year on our marine OEM, but we still have high hopes for winning new deals in the next year to 2. I think, Charlie, that the time to invest and then the time to win business takes somewhere between a year or 2 to gain revenues. So we're still expecting more of a longer-term benefit on the Marine segment.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer & Company.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions on the PND business. The net deferred revenue turned positive in the quarter, I think, sooner than I had anticipated. Can you give us a sense of whether the take rate decline in the quarter for lifetime apps, whether the deferral has come down? And how you expect those 2 items to trend over the year?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, it's a good question. Now the take rate really didn't change significantly over what we saw in Q4. But what's occurred is you have Q1's our seasonally lowest period but we've continued to amortize our past deferred revenues, and they actually surprised us a little bit the fact that it actually became positive. What we're expecting for the remainder of the year, as I said in my remarks, is that, that would continue to be negative in terms of the revenue and operating income. However, it will be less negative than we experienced in 2011.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of volume kind of back on the envelope, it looks like PND volumes on an organic basis were probably down low teens, if I kind of factor in the contribution for Navigon. TomTom, when they spoke last week, I guess, I guess they're seeing the market probably decline even more sharply than that on a global basis. When we think about that 10% decline that you've talked about, do you think there's a chance that needs to get revised to something a little more conservative as we move through the year?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, as Cliff mentioned, we do expect that the overall industry will continue to be in decline. And we haven't changed our outlook on an overall 10% decline for the year. I think where we saw -- a little bit more strength within the European market, where we saw better sell-in and even our U.S. market didn't decline as much as we had anticipated. So we -- I think we're pleased in general with the overall PND industry. We'll just have to wait and see how the rest of the year shapes up.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Suhail Chandy with Wedbush.
Suhail Chandy - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: This is Suhail, sitting in for Scott. A couple of questions if I may. Talking -- going back to the question on deferred revenue progressing, and you said it's going to be negative, but less negative. Can we expect a turnaround there and where it becomes a tailwind to EPS? And if so, when should we see that occurring?
Kevin S. Rauckman: We don't expect a tailwind on an absolute dollar basis for the remainder of 2012. And we'll just update you all as we go forward in the year to see when that will turn around. So I think, again, we would expect both negative revenue and EPS impact due to the deferrals as we go through the remainder of this year.
Suhail Chandy - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And second question -- great job on gaining market share and PNDs. But as we look forward, how much more market share do you see out there that's open for the taking?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think there's still third-tier players that are struggling in the market. And as they continue to capitulate, there will be market share to take. And of course, we, as the global leader, it is still kind of split between us and the second player. But we would aim to try to take share from all the players as well.
Operator: And from Avondale Partners, John Bright.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: Cliff, why did you decide to open auto OEM offices in Japan, China, Germany now versus years past?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, I think that in Japan is in response to our opportunity with Suzuki, and so each of these opportunities requires local engineering support. China is an emerging opportunity, so we're developing business there, and it requires a local presence. So each one has its own story. But in general, it's driven either by the engineering support is needed or the business development that's needed.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: My second question is regarding Aviation. In the prepared slides, I think you alluded to multiple ongoing OEM certifications. How much of this is built into the annual guidance?
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, as we mentioned, I think some of the opportunities that we've mentioned publicly don't deliver in 2012. So -- though there's really nothing in the annual guidance that's reflecting these opportunities that are in the out years.
John F. Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC, Research Division: And how large could these opportunities become?
Clifton A. Pemble: We really can't comment on the specific programs and the individual contributions.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Jeff Rath with Canaccord Genuity.
Jeff Rath - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Just a question around your OEM opportunities, Cliff. You talked about OEM opportunities now in Aviation, Auto/Mobile and Marine. I wonder if you could talk a little bit about the size of those opportunities and the visibility that comes with those opportunities. I'm not sure if you're willing to give us some sense of how much is coming already in those segments from OEM as well. And I have a follow-up.
Clifton A. Pemble: We generally don't split it out between OEM and retrofit in these various market segments. I think that's -- we're growing from a very small base in Marine and Auto, so we have room to grow in those areas. But the Aviation, as you know, we've been strong in over the years. And so there, we have a higher mix of OEM versus retrofit sales.
Jeff Rath - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And more specifically, Cliff, do you expect the incremental investments that you're making in those opportunities, in those 3 segments? I guess, in Auto, it's already bearing fruit. But do you expect those to start to show up in sort of I guess stronger revenue growth in 2013?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, 2013 and beyond is really when those opportunities really hit for us.
Jeff Rath - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And just one final for Kevin. Kevin, historically, you've kind of just talked generally about your free cash flow targets for '12 as being about flat with 2011. Is that still the case?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Actually, they should be a little bit down this year because of the deferred revenue impact. We've had some -- as I mentioned in my comments, we get the cash up front, but we will not see as significant of a deferred revenue benefit this year. So overall, we're looking at free cash flow somewhere in the area of about $650 million for the full year.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm not sure if I missed it, but would you be able to estimate your market share in North America and Europe? And also, did you think most of your share gains in the quarter were in Europe or in other markets as well?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think if you look at the most recent NPD data, it suggests that our U.S. share in PND could be as high as 66%, which is an increase of low-60s, about 63% a year ago. It also appears that in Europe, depending on which numbers you use, we could be looking at market share in the low 30% range, somewhere between 31% and 33%. But it does appear that we are gaining share in both of those regions for the Q1 time period.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Sure. And the U.S. share, if you compare that 66% to 63% a year ago, it seems like most of that would be accounted for by the Navigon acquisition? Or do you feel that organically, you've had some share gains as well?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Navigon would not have been in the U.S. market. So that 66% is exclusive of Navigon. I think the European number would be inclusive of Navigon, so that could be impacting part of that. Yes.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly on the PND side, how should we think about your ASPs this year? It sounds like they improved a little bit sequentially this last quarter. Do you view them as flattish, going up, going down slightly throughout the rest of the year?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. We're looking at an overall full year ASP impact of neutral. So really, no price change across the board in the PND results for our 2012 segment.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just to make sure I'm interpreting that correctly, do you mean full year '12 relative to full year '11, or just relative to the ASP that you had in the first quarter?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Full year 2012 versus full year 2011.
Operator: And from RBC Capital Markets, we'll move on to Mark Sue.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So the bigger you get in terms of PND market share, the better your margins should be over time, particularly when there's no ASP declines. So how do we -- how should we think about margins in the steady business over -- as you kind of amass more volumes on a normalized basis?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I would expect, as we go forward, not just in 2012, but in future years, we would expect a slight increase in gross margin. I caution, though, because the number of units that we are shipping on an absolute basis is not really moving. In fact, it's going to be down. But just given the competitive landscape that we're looking at, I'd expect slight increases in gross margin over the next year or 2.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Are there other changes in terms of component costs and also what you're paying for maps and everything else that kind of gives you a boost over time as well?
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, and that's the reason for a potential benefit. We're looking at this year, cost benefit or cost savings in single digit -- low-single digits. So prices stay roughly flat. And costs come down a couple of percentage points and that should help us.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just separately on Fitness, have you had the opportunity to recalibrate the TAM kind of penetration, where we are in terms of the market, and how we should look at running and cycling? It does seem like a highly discretionary purchase, but yet you're seeing strengthening trends. Just kind of your thoughts of the sustainability of that market.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, Mark, there's not a lot of market research that would really point to what the TAM is, if you will. It's a little less defined than what obviously Auto market is where you can count how many cars there are. But that said, there's a growing interest in using GPS for fitness-related activities anywhere for -- from people who are more interested in the health side, to people who are competitive. So we're seeing the growth being driven by the increased interest and adoption of GPS.
Operator: And moving on to Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: I have 2 questions. The first relating to channel inventory levels, could you address where you see those for the PND business? And then also, Outdoor and Fitness? And if you see any other significant channel expansion opportunities, and then I have a follow-up.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes, we talked about this in our last earnings call. We exited -- we saw the channel, both our inventories and the channel inventories at a fairly low level. And we really haven't seen much movement there. It appears that the retailers are doing a much better job of keeping their inventory clean and buying as they need. So we feel pretty comfortable with that. And no real issues on the Outdoor and Fitness segment either in terms of channel inventory.
Benjamin James Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: And then, I guess, the second one looking at margin overall, if you look at all the OEM opportunities, Auto and Marine and Aviation, can you provide a little bit of direction on each one? How these OEM opportunities will contribute to growth in operating margins?
Kevin S. Rauckman: I think the way you need to look at it is we're in an investment phase in each of those. And if we can win the business that we're going after, just the incremental volume will really help push up operating margins over time. Now this isn't going to occur in 2012, as Cliff said. It's going to take us 2013 and beyond to see those benefits. But Aviation, typically, for example, would be operating margins in the -- about 30%. And we're below that right now. So we would expect margins to pick up at least in that area, in that segment in the future.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Question on auto gross margin as you move through the year. I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you expected them to be higher than the first quarter level due to higher volumes as you move through the year. Wondering if you could quantify that at all, and if that includes also the fourth quarter, which is typically a lower margin quarter than, say, the second or third.
Kevin S. Rauckman: Well, I think what we would expect across our business, and it includes the Auto/Mobile, is we had a 16% operating margin, and we would expect those margins to pick up above 20%, not only in Q2 but for the rest of the year. And even looking at Q4 for the Auto/Mobile, we still expect that operating margins should be up. In total, I would expect it to be somewhere, just on the Auto/Mobile segment, closer to the 10% as opposed to the 6% that we reported in the first quarter.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. But I think the comment you made was specifically with respect to Auto gross margin, was it not in your prepared remarks?
Kevin S. Rauckman: Yes. So gross -- just looking at the gross margin, 39%. We won't give specific segment expectations, just on the PND or Auto/Mobile. We do expect those to increase again due to volume.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: And you would think that would include the fourth quarter, which is typically seasonally weaker from a margin perspective?
Kevin S. Rauckman: That's all -- that's wrapped into our expectations. We naturally see Q4 below the other quarters because of the holiday season.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC, Research Division: Right. And then you address seasonality to some degree in Outdoor and perhaps Marine. I'm wondering about seasonality for Auto into 2Q. Is there any reason to expect any difference from the last couple of years in terms of seasonal trends from first quarter to second quarter there?
Kevin S. Rauckman: No. We would expect similar seasonality going from Q1 to Q2 in the Auto/Mobile space. As Cliff mentioned, we may have some negative impact due to the Marine segment on what we saw in Q1 versus Q2.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from James Faucette with Pacific Crest.
James E. Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Starting with production, it seems like -- and I think, Kevin, you've alluded to this that, that inventory levels in the Fitness segment are low, seems to be low in the channel. It seems like we may not be getting enough demand -- to even meet demand for some of the new watches and so on. So can you talk a little bit about if you're having production constraints there or what may be keeping supplies tight? And similarly, I know that you talked a little bit about ramping new Aviation products last quarter. I'm just wondering if we are seeing any production constraints there? And then finally, just my last question, if we can just get an update on the timing of availability of the Vector. It sounds like there's a fair amount of pent-up demand for that product.
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, James, this is Cliff. In terms of Fitness inventory constraints, we don't really see any constraints in terms of production and supplying the channel. I think some of what you may be seeing in the field is that some of the more popular products like the 910 have done much better than what our retailers and what our forecasts had indicated initially. So we are able to ramp that production up, but it does take some time to get those fed out to the field. Some of the retailers are small independents and it does take some time to fill their needs. In terms of the Vector, we are testing prototypes at this point and so we do have systems that are being filed and proven. As we mentioned in our update recently, we weren't happy with what we felt was the performance required for the cycling market. And so we've stepped back a little bit and we want to go back and try to make sure it's absolutely rock-solid before we take it out to market.
Operator: And gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing comments.
Kevin S. Rauckman: All right. Thanks, everyone, for your participation. We look forward to keeping you updated and as we move through the year. So have a great day. We'll talk to you later.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you for joining.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-22 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston – Manager, Investor Relations Cliff Pemble – President & Chief Operating Officer Kevin Rauckman – Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer
Analysts: Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company Simona Jankowski – Goldman Sachs Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank James Faucette – Pacific Crest Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Securities. J.B. Groh – DA Davidson Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan John Bright – Avondale Partners Paul Coster – JPMorgan
Operator:
 :
Kerri Thurston: Thank you. Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited’s Fourth Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin’s Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides, which can be viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will be available until March 28th and a transcript of the call will be available on the Website under the Events Calendar tab. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 25th, 2010 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our 2011 10-K will be filed on February 29th. Attending on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The presenters for this morning’s call are Cliff and Kevin. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Kerri and good morning everyone. As we announced earlier this morning, Garmin delivered strong results in the fourth quarter, with consolidated revenues increasing 9% year-over-year to $910 million. This growth was broad based with each of our business segments contributing. Gross margins improved year-over-year, up 240 basis points to 47.7%. Revenue growth combined with improved gross margins resulted in both operating income and EPS growth. Operating income for the quarter grew 8%, while pro forma EPS came in at $0.96, a 16% improvement over the prior year. As a group, our traditional market segment for the aviation, marine, outdoor and fitness contributed 61% of our total operating income for the quarter and revenue from these segments grew nearly 19%. We sold 6.1 million units in the quarter, which was flat year-over-year. Auto PND unit volume was down slightly; however this was offset by higher volumes in outdoor, fitness and marine. We generated $213 million in free cash flow during the quarter, resulting in a cash balance of just under $2.5 billion. Looking at highlights for the full year, consolidated revenue increased 3%, as new product categories increased market share and emerging market opportunities delivered results that exceeded the expectations we established at the beginning of the year. As a group, our traditional market segments grew 14%, contributing $1.2 billion in total revenue for the year. The revenue growth in these segments combined with their strong margin profiles generated 71% of our operating income. We delivered over 15.8 million units in 2011, a decline of only 1% year-over-year. Weakness in the North American PND market was partially offset by stronger PND shipments through the EMEA and APAC markets. Unit growth in the outdoor, fitness and marine markets also helped close the gap. From a geographical perspective, the EMEA region grew 19%, outpacing all other geographies. All market segments contributed to the growth including PND. We generated $784 million of free cash flow in the year, which was partially used to fund our quarterly dividend and to complete numerous acquisitions aimed at further diversifying our revenue base. Next, we will review each of our business segments highlighting 2011 performance, outlook for 2012, and a summary of long-term strategic initiatives. Starting with marine segment, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 12%, driven by improved market conditions and share gains across our product portfolio. We experienced strong market share gains in the OEM segment and expanded our presence in the inland market, with the introduction of our new echo fish finders. During the year, we expanded our product portfolio with SONAR and autopilot solutions that brought new innovation to the marine market and enhanced our ability to serve the sail and large boat market. Throughout the year, we invested heavily in the marine segment, with increased research and development and rebuilt additional support infrastructure to serve our growing base of OEM customers. This has compressed margins in the near term; however we are confident that these investments are critical to growing revenue and market share going forward. For 2012, we are targeting revenue growth of 5% to 10% in the marine segment, as market conditions continue to improve and as recent OEM wins and product introductions provide revenue contribution for the full year. At last weeks’ Miami Boat Show, we announced relationships with Teleflex and Viking, both of which will target the larger boat market and will contribute to revenue in 2012. 2012 will also be a year of significant investment as we develop products and opportunities that will contribute to growth in 2013 and beyond. In the coming years, we seek to increase our share in the mid-to-large sized boat categories. Leveraging our relationships with Volvo Penta, we will create equipments that will embed us deeper into the boat, with innovative new engine and navigation displays. In addition, we will be working to expand our share of the inland market through innovative content and technologies leveraging the recently announced acquisition of Interphase. Turning next to aviation, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 9%, which we view as a significant accomplishment in light of the ongoing challenges facing the general aviation industry. The General Aviation Manufacturers Association reported a 10% decline in aircraft shipments through the first three quarters of 2011. This decline is in addition to the already depressed shipment levels of 2009 and 2010. Despite the ongoing negative trends, revenues generated from OEM customers were relatively flat for the year outperforming the general market. During 2011, we made significant progress in securing wins in the Part 23 and Part 25 business jet market. Cessna selected our G3000 system for the citation M2, a Part 23 aircraft that will enter the market in 2013. Additionally, Cessna selected the G5000 for the citation latitude, a Part 25 aircraft that will enter the market in 2015. We also made additional inroads into the OEM helicopter market where our primary flight display system was integrated into the Bell 407GX. Last year, we introduced the GTN 650 and 750, which were the first panel mounted products to feature touchscreen operation. These new products have been well-received by the markets and were a significant contributor to the growth we experienced in 2011. In 2012, we are targeting revenue growth of 5% to 10% in the aviation segment, as recovery for the industry continues to ride out of the overall economy. We are hopeful that the OEM market will stabilize in 2012. However, we do not expect to see meaningful growth from OEMs this year. Despite this soft outlook, we see many opportunities in years ahead and we will continue to invest in certifications with our business jet partners that will result in significant growth opportunities when the market begins to recover in 2013 and beyond. In light of these opportunities, our growth initiatives are focused on continued development of our G3000 and G5000 platforms with OEM partners, which will be the foundation of growth in 2013 and beyond, identifying and capitalizing on additional retrofit opportunities, further expansion into the helicopter market with recent announcements at the HELI-EXPO naming Garmin as the standard avionics provider on the Bell Relentless, which will launch in 2016 and an optional avionics provider on two Eurocopter models launching in 2013. And we are well positioned for opportunities created by the FAA’s transformation of the National Airspace System from a ground-based system of air traffic control to satellite-based system of air traffic management. In the outdoor segment, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 14%, which was primarily driven by new product introductions, expansion into new categories and contributions from recent acquisitions. A few highlights from the year include the acquisition of Tri-Tronics, which expand our offerings to include training devices for both sport dogs as well as household pets. Capturing significant share in the GPS-enabled golf category with unique products such as our Approach S1 golf watch and offering a range of products and price points with something for every customer. Our new Montana series is a premium device, offering advanced features and improved versatility over existing handhelds in the market. Our totally refreshed eTrex series is perfect for customers looking for a basic device and has been well received by the market. Looking at 2012, we expect revenue growth of 5% to 10%, driven by ongoing momentum from recently introduced products, and we will leverage opportunities in the dog training markets through the Tri-Tronics acquisition. Our growing market share in the GPS-enabled golf category presents an opportunity to expand our distribution channels, both domestically and abroad, as more shops wish to stock our products. Long term, we will create new opportunities by identifying adjacent markets and product categories as we have done in the past. We will maintain our focus on utilities, content and innovative form factors to engage both new and repeat customers in the segment. In the business segment, we reported year-over-year revenue growth of 24%, as the market expanded and we maintained our leadership position in the GPS-enabled fitness category. We remained focused on offering a broad range of products appealing to both elites, athletes as well as recreational participants. We refreshed our premium Forerunner product line in 2011, with the 610 touchscreen watch. This product offers unmatched utility, ease-of-use and innovation and has been very well received by athletes around the world. In the cycling market, we introduced the Edge 200, which appeals to value-oriented cyclists who wish to experience the benefits of GPS-enabled cycling computers. In 2012, we are targeting revenue growth of 20% to 25% in the fitness segment. One of our key initiatives for the year is the completion of the Vector power meter, which we expect to deliver this summer. Across each of the fitness categories we serve, we plan to offer a broad range of products that appeal to all athletes. Looking beyond 2012, we believe the fitness segment will continue to grow as society becomes increasingly aware of the important roles that fitness plays in the pursuit of a healthy lifestyle. We will focus on delivering compelling and useful products to the market with a complete solution, including devices, wireless connectivity, measurement sensors and a well-developed web portal. We will continue to build the Garmin Connect community, which has logged over 1.5 billion miles by delivering a satisfying and complete user experience that complements our devices and our mobile applications. We plan to increase our share in the cycling market by offering a broad range of innovative products and by leveraging opportunities created by the Vector power meter. And longer term, we seek to capitalize on the profitable opportunities within the wellness base where we can leverage our knowledge of hardware, software and connectivity. Turning to the auto/mobile segment, we are pleased with our financial performance in light of the ongoing challenges in the PND markets, with revenues up 4% for the quarter. For the year, we posted a 5% revenue decline, while maintaining strong profitability. When normalizing for the deferral of high margin revenue associated with bundle PNDs, our full-year 2011 operating margin in the segment was 17%. In addition, we grew our market share during the year, thereby strengthening our position. Notably, we exited 2011 with greater than 60% share in North America and approximately 30% share in the EMEA. In 2011, we introduced the simplified family of newbie products offering something for every lifestyle and budget, beginning with the Essential series, followed by the Advanced series and finally the Prestige series. This new product family was well received by both our retail partners and consumers during the Holiday shopping season. Also, in 2011, we acquired Navigon. We will continue the integration of Navigon in 2012 building from the foundation that made the acquisition important to us, their OEM customer base and well-respected technology, their European PND market share and their strength in the mobile application space. Looking at highlights from the auto OEM market, we were pleased to be recognized by J. D. Power and Associates for the Highest Customer Satisfaction with Factory-Installed Navigation during our first year of eligibility. The Garmin navigation system in the 2011 Dodge Charger ranked 1st, with the Chrysler 300 system ranking 3rd. This recognition confirms consumers value a seamless navigation experience that is intuitive and feature rich, an experience that Garmin has successfully delivered to our markets for over 20 years. Additional programs announced and delivered during the past year include the Volkswagen UP compact vehicle where Navigon was selected as the exclusive provider of navigation and the Suzuki Grand Vitara and SX4, which features a semi-installed version of our nuLink 2390 connected navigator. Looking ahead, we expect PND unit delivery to continue to decline in 2012, driving revenues down 7% to 10%. We will look for opportunities to grow in emerging markets and to profitably gain market share to offset the continued declines we foresee in the North American and European markets. We will continue to invest in auto OEM opportunities in 2012, leveraging our broad capabilities as an OEM and consumer electronic supplier. In addition, mobile applications provide a near-term opportunity for growth, as the smart phone segment continues to expand, and we will realize a full year contributions from Navigon’s popular smart phone application. Beyond 2012, we will be focusing on expanding our auto OEM business through the additional program win, as navigation becomes an integral part of the dashboard and maximizing profitability in the PND markets as the market leader. Given our revenue outlook and expectations for each segment, we are projecting revenues of $2.7 billion to $2.8 billion in 2012, with gross margins stable to slightly increasing from 2011 levels. We are projecting operating income between $520 million and $540 million, with operating margins of 19% to 20%. The decline in operating margin is a result of increased investments in strategic long-term growth initiatives mentioned earlier, factoring in an effective tax rate of 13% results in forecasted 2012 earnings per share of $2.45 to $2.60. In summary, we are pleased to have delivered strong results in the fourth quarter, highlighted by revenue growth in each business segment and geographically area we served. During 2011, we were able to increase our share in several key markets, we delivered desirable new products and we were able to leverage the growing market segments in order to achieve better-than-anticipated results. Looking forward, we see significant opportunities ahead as we anticipate improving economic conditions and we are well positioned to serve with a strong lineup of new products. With confidence in our business and the improving conditions we see around us, we are pleased to announce a proposal to increase our quarterly dividend to $0.45 per share, which will be considered at our Annual Shareholders Meeting in June. Kevin will provide more details on our dividend proposal in just a moment. Finally, I wish to take this opportunity to thank our dedicated associates for their efforts during the past year. While there are many uncertainties around us, you maintained the focus and worked hard to make 2011 a great year. Thanks so much for your contributions. This concludes my remarks. I will turn the call over to Kevin, who will walk us through the financial results in more detail. Kevin?
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks Cliff and good morning everyone. I would like to begin the financial update with a walkthrough of our income statement followed by review of our margins and then conclude with our balance sheet and cash flow position. In Q4, we posted revenue of $910 million, with net income of $166 million. Our pro forma EPS was $0.96 per share, which excludes the foreign currency loss. Our revenue represents an increase of 9% year-over-year. Gross margin came in at 47.7%, which was a 240 basis point improvement from the prior year. The first time in six quarters, we experienced year-over-year operating income expansion going from $185 million to $200 million. Operating margin was 22% flat from the prior year. The components of our operating margin were gross margin being 240 basis points favorable, offset by our advertising which was 90 basis points unfavorable, up $12 million on a year-over-year as we utilized TV advertising in the holding quarter combined with increased co-op expenses. SG&A was 80 basis points unfavorable, up $14 million on a year-over-year basis due primarily to the acquisitions. While 70 basis points unfavorable, up $13 million on a year-over-year basis due primarily to acquisitions as well. Our pro forma EPS of $0.96 represents a 16% increase year-over-year, driven by increasing revenues and a slightly lower effective tax rate. Our units shipped were flat year-over-year at 6.1 million units were delivered during the quarter and our total company average selling price was $150 per unit, up 9% from 2010 driven by product mix. For the full year, we posted revenue of $2.76 billion, with net income of $521 million. Our pro forma EPS was $2.73 per share, which also excludes our foreign currency losses. Our revenue increased 3% year-over-year, while our pro forma EPS decreased 5% when excluding FX and a $0.50 per share one-time tax adjustment we posted in 2010. Our gross margin at 48.5% was a 150 basis points decline over the prior year, due to warranty adjustments during 2010, which contributed 150 basis points. Operating income fell 13% to $554 million compared to $637 million in 2010. Our operating margin was 20.1%, down 360 basis points of 23.7% last year. Gross margin was 150 basis points favorable. Amortizing 10 basis points favorable and flat on a year-over-year basis, our SG&A was 170 basis points unfavorable, up $53 million on a year-over-year basis, driven primarily by acquisitions, web-based commissions, product support and legal costs. R&D was 50 basis points unfavorable, up $22 million on a year-over-year basis due primarily to the acquisition. Our pro forma EPS of $2.73 was a 4% decrease year-over-year, on increasing revenue and slightly lower effective tax rate, offset by declining growth and operating margins. Units shipped were down 1% year-over-year as 15.8 million units were delivered during the year. The decrease in North American PND volume was partially offset by growth in other geographies in our other segments. Our total company average selling price was $175 per unit, up 4% from 2010 due to product mix. The non-GAAP measures that we have reported net income per share excluding the effects of foreign currency translation and a one-time tax adjustment booked in Q3 as I mentioned. The Q4 2011 GAAP impact from foreign currency loss was $0.11 and Q4 2010 GAAP impact from foreign currency loss was $0.15. The full-year 2011 GAAP impact from foreign currency loss of $0.06, while the 2010 loss impact the $0.38 offset by a $0.50 gain related to the large one-time tax adjustments. Going to U.S. GAAP, we must defer revenue on certain products. And this table summarizes the net impact of the deferral and amortization of revenue and related costs in the fourth quarter and full-year 2011 and 2010. First, in the current quarter, we deferred approximately $0.26 of EPS in the future periods compared to $0.19 in the fourth quarter of 2010. Most of these revenues and costs will be amortized straight line over a three-year period. For the full year, we deferred approximately $0.66 of EPS in 2011 compared to $0.42 in 2010. While we are deferring revenue according to U.S. GAAP, we are collecting the cash at the time of the sale, which is reflected positively in our statement of cash flows, which I will review in a minute. In total, our revenues increased 9% during the fourth quarter and 3% for the full year. During Q4, we experienced a 4% revenue increase within the auto/mobile segment as volume declines were offset by improved pricing due to product mix. Our outdoor segment posted accelerating growth at 35% due to pent-up demand for new products and market share gains with the GPS-enabled golf market. The fitness segment continued to grow with a 17% revenue increase when compared to Q4 2010 on the strength of our fitness products during the Holiday quarter. Aviation segment revenues increased 1% compared to Q4 2010, as retrofit growth was largely offset by program contribution related to our business jet cockpit win. And marine segment revenues increased 15% compared to Q4 2010 as both the aftermarket and OEM markets improved for Garmin. During Q4, all geographies were stable or growing, with EMEA posting the strongest growth at 28%. For the full year, EMEA grew 19%, while Asia Pacific grew 13%. Geographies were partially offset by a 7% decline in the Americas, driven by the PND volume declines. For 2011, the Americas represent 55% of revenue, EMEA increased to 31% of total revenue in 2010 to 36% in 2011, and Asia from 8% to 9% in the same period. So, the auto/mobile segment represented 64% of our total revenue during the fourth quarter, down from 67% in Q4 2010. Outdoor grew to 13% of revenues in the quarter, an increase from 11% a year ago. The operating income contribution of the outdoor and fitness segments increased to 30% and 20% respectively, or 50% of our total business. In total, the traditional segment contributed 61% of our fourth quarter operating income. On a full-year basis, auto/mobile revenue contribution declined from 62% to 58% in 2011, with games and outdoor, fitness and marine, which contributed 13%, 11%, and 8% respectively. The operating income contribution of the auto/mobile segment shrank 29% in 2011 compared to 39% a year ago. Our traditional segment contributed 71% of the full-year operating income, with strong gains in both our outdoor and fitness segments. Looking next at the margin by segment, our fourth quarter auto/mobile gross margin and operating margin were 38% and 13% respectively. The year-over-year improvement in gross margin, it was primarily driven by improved average selling prices due to product mix shifting towards higher priced bundled offerings. Operating margins in the quarter were 13% or 20% when adjusted for deferrals. This is slightly higher than the normalized operating margin of 19% fourth quarter of 2010. Q4 outdoor gross margin was 68% consistent with Q4 of 2010. Operating margin was 49%, a decline from 53% in the year-ago quarter due to increased allocation of advertising and SG&A expenses for this segment. Q4 fitness gross margin was 64%, stable from the year-ago quarter and operating margin was 43%, again consistent to the year-ago quarter, as both revenue and expense growth were evenly paid. Q4 marine gross margin was 60%, compared to 63% in the year-ago quarter, as product mix shifted towards lower margin products. Operating margin was 22%, down from 29% a year ago, driven by the gross margin declines and increased R&D and SG&A expenses to support our long-term marine OEM strategy. Finally, Q4 aviation gross margin was 65%, down from 70% in Q4 of 2010, due to OEM program contributions. Operating margin was 18% for the quarter, down from 26% in the prior year due to the decline in gross margins and increased R&D expense associated with our new OEM programs that will begin to contribute to revenue in 2013. Moving next to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of almost $2.5 billion. Our accounts receivable balance increased sequentially to $607 million due to sales growth during the Holiday quarter. Accounts receivable accounted for approximately 81 days of sales when calculated on a trailing four quarters, compared to 101 days of sales in the fourth quarter of 2010. We have already collected approximately $350 million of our year-end balance. Our inventory balance has decreased to 398 million on a sequential basis at the close of the fourth quarter. Our days of inventory metric was 102 days, compared to 119 in the fourth quarter of 2010. We ended the quarter with the following amounts and number of days of inventory $129 million in raw materials, representing 31 days; $52 million in work in process and assemblies, or 13 days; and $246 million in finished goods, or 58 days of inventory and we closed the year with $29 million in inventory reserves. You will also notice on our balance sheet, that we show a $78 million dividend payable to be paid on March 31, 2012. We continue to generate strong cash flow across our business, as cash from operations was $225 million during the quarter. Our CapEx spending was $12 million during Q4. Therefore, we generated free cash flow of $213 million. Cash flow invested during the fourth quarter was $164 million, including the $12 million in CapEx and $157 million net purchase of marketable securities, offset by a $4 million gain on the sale of property, plant and equipment. Financing activities were $160 million use of cash during Q4, due primarily to the dividend payments we made on both September 30th and December 31. We earned an average of 1.5% on all cash and marketable securities balances during the quarter and our full-year operating cash was $822 million, with free cash flow of $784 million. We expect our strong free cash flow generation to continue in 2012, and with it, we plan to continue to fund a strong dividend. As Cliff mentioned, we will ask shareholders to approve a $0.45 per share quarterly dividend at our June annual meeting, representing a 4% yield, at the stock price of $45. We will also continue to pursue acquisitions in adjacent niche markets or tuck-in technologies, which fit with our core markets. As has been our practice, acquisitions will be evaluated by technology, values, compatibility, and strategic fit within Garmin. Our tax rate for the full year 2011 was 10.8%. We do expect the 2012 rate to be approximately 13%, and the increase in this forecast of effective tax rate is attributable to revenue mix by different tax jurisdictions. And finally, Cliff has reviewed our 2012 guidance, but I will just further highlight, that we have four solid growth segments, and we will continue to invest for long-term growth across the entire business. Our strong profitability and market diversity position us well for both 2012 and the future. This concludes our formal remarks for the morning. We will now move to a period of Q&A.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And we will take our first question from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer & Company.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: Congrats on a very strong quarter. So, first question, you mentioned that you expect the auto/mobile to be down about 7% to 10% next year. How much are you figuring in terms of deferrals next year compared to this year?
Kevin Rauckman: I think the deferrals, as we made a change in estimates at the end of the third quarter, will be – have been coming down on a per-unit basis. We will not comment or quantify how much, just given the fact that there is lot of variables into 2012, but in general, we would see a little bit lower amount as we go through the 2012 year.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: And then on the outdoor segment, it was very strong and I think unusually strong is kind of a seasonal sense. Is that reflected of any one-time factors or does that reflect the fact that you have a different mix of golf products and training products that maybe more gift to you than your prior product portfolio?
Cliff Pemble: Hi Yair, this is Cliff. There is probably a combination of factors. I think in the last call, we mentioned that we were unable to deliver all of the Montana products in Q3 that we had hoped to deliver that we went into Q4 with some backlog that we were able to catch up on, but we also had strong interest in our golf products as well as in our eTrex line, which helped drive growth.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski – Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks so much. Just wanted to make sure I understand your guidance a little bit better. So, your EPS in the quarter you just reported was up 16% year-on-year, but then the guidance you are giving is for mid-to-high single digit decline for 2012. So, can you just expand a little bit on what drove that conservatism? And then just as a follow-up, in terms of the PND units in the quarter itself, if you can just give us a bit of a sense of what drove that strength and how much the extra week in the quarter might have contributed?
Kevin Rauckman: I think the first question is, when we look at each of our business segments, we did have a very strong Q4, but looking forward, we did still see the North American market declining on PND next year, which is driving a lot of our overall PND expectation of down 7% to 10%. And as we said in the formal remarks, the fitness business is going to continue to perform quite strongly, and the other businesses will be into single digits, 5% to 10%. So, I mean, those are the primary reasons that we want to continue to and we need to continue to invest in some new opportunities primarily in the auto OEM and the aviation and marine OEM segments. So, that will pull us to the roughly to $2.45 to $2.60 EPS number we commented on. In terms of the PND strength, I think primarily we saw market share gains in Europe. I think Cliff mentioned the Navigon business, we did see a pretty decent Q4 and the Holidays Q4 in the U.S. market, which helped our overall PND numbers for the quarter.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank. Mr. Goldberg, your line open. Please check your mute button.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank: Hi, can you guys hear me now?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. Good morning, Jonathan.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank:
 :
Cliff Pemble: We don't typically break it down by product category. As I mentioned earlier, we did have some strength in backlog products, so we came out of Q3 with orders from Montana that we were able to fulfill. We also had strong uptake on our golf watch in the outdoor segment. So, we are growing market share there and we feel good about our position in that market. Fitness, in general, has been broadly strong across both running and bike products, and so it just continues to grow as the market expands, and we are able to maintain leadership position there.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank: Do you have a sense of what your growth rate in the fitness category was versus the overall market? We grow at double the rate of the market?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think it's difficult to say. There is not a lot of good research in the market. I think the dynamics of the market are such that there is a lot of sales driven out of small shops and that's not the kind of thing that can be tracked easily like big box retailers.
Operator: And we will take our next question from James Faucette with Pacific Crest.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest: Thanks very much. Wanted to touch on a couple of things also related to outdoor and fitness. First, I think in the prepared comments, it was mentioned that Vector power meter would be shipping in the summer. Is this a push out from kind of the March-April timeframe that we have understood, you were looking for, firstly? And secondly, can you talk a little bit about what the margin outlook is for the outdoor and fitness segments going forward? I am sure we – are you expecting margins to be sustained or do you expect there to be some more competitive pressures there? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, James, I will handle the first part of the question and I will turn it over to Kevin for the second. But regarding, Vector, yes we did push out the Vector deliveries by approximately three months. The development is going well and still ongoing, there are some manufacturing issues we are resolving, but we have confidence that we will be able to deliver.
Kevin Rauckman:
 :
James Faucette – Pacific Crest: Great, thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Securities.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Securities: Hi, great. Thank you, good morning. Congratulations on the quarter.
Kevin Rauckman: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Securities: First of all, maybe talk about the deferrals, it has been a drag on the EPS line. Are you still expecting that to start to turn neutral or positive this year or into next year?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, we have been saying for quite some time that we would expect that dynamic to change, and at this point, it looks like we will start to get some tailwind. It's very difficult to know whether that's going to be Q1 or Q2, or the back half of the year, but we would expect it to be less of a year-over-year drag than we have seen in the past.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Securities: Okay, And two part question, when you look at the fitness segment, can you talk about how you view competition from smart phones, a lot of that applications there at CES. Maybe, where you can drive growth, is it new categories, or is there still some global expansion opportunities or other areas that you can drive growth here on the business segment?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, Scott, we definitely see what's going on with the smart phones, in fitness, I think particularly, bikes is a popular area to use the phone. We offer applications on the phones as well and are beginning to get a sense of what that market is. I would say that, we feel that those applications tend to complement the devices and people that may be get introduced to fitness through applications, are interested in using a dedicated device as they continue to be serious going forward. So, we have not really seen that, that has been a major impact.
Operator: And we will take our next question from J.B. Groh with DA Davidson.
J.B. Groh – DA Davidson: Good morning, guys. Kevin, sorry if I missed this. Did you give an organic growth rate for the quarter?
Kevin Rauckman: No, we did not. I think what we would have experienced is, we picked up, due to acquisitions about $60 million within the quarter. So we would have had with a lower single digit growth, but still growth.
J.B. Groh – DA Davidson: And the vast majority of that shows up in the PND area?
Kevin Rauckman: That’s correct.
J.B. Groh – DA Davidson: Okay, that’s all I had. Thanks a lot Kevin.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks JB.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Tavis McCourt with Morgan Keegan.
Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan: Thanks for taking my question. I wonder if you could quantify the Navigon impact in Q4 either in terms of revenue contribution or maybe the share contribution in EMEA, and even if you can give real detail, just something qualitative would help? And then also in terms of the PND trends, you said U.S. had a strong quarter in Q4. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about kind of the divergent trends if there are any, between kind of the U.S. market and Europe for PNDs?
Cliff Pemble: Okay. So the first question on Navigon, as I said, we experienced about a $60 million benefit due to the acquisitions, and most of that came from Navigon and they were – we won't give ultra details. They did have a little bit of a drag on EPS for the fourth quarter. So, looking next at the PND in the fourth quarter, I think we did see – again we saw a very strong performance in EMEA and also the U.S. market was still in decline but at a much less rate than we had projected going into the quarter. So, I think we were pleased with the overall results in our North America or U.S. PND sales.
Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan: And in terms of the overall market for EMEA?
Cliff Pemble: Overall markets, are you looking next year primarily?
Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan: No, I mean, just in Q4 specifically?
Cliff Pemble:
 :
Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan: Great. And then the follow-up for Kevin on the net deferred revenue that you kind of quote in the press release of $71 million or so for the quarter, is that net of what's being amortized from previous deferred?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, we always record our numbers net of amortization.
Operator: And we will take our next question from John Bright with Avondale Partners.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Thank you. Good morning. Kevin, assuming market share gains in the marine, auto and aviation OEM segments, can you characterize the ASPs and profitability expectations there?
Kevin Rauckman: Just during the quarter?
John Bright – Avondale Partners: No, looking forward.
Kevin Rauckman: For looking forward, okay. So, looking forward on PND as we project 2012, we are really not projecting any kind of meaningful ASP change. We are looking at about a flat ASP difference year-over-year. Now, there are some geographical differences between the various North America, EMEA and APAC and rest of the world, but overall, we see ASP staying neutral. And then for the rest of – for the other segments, we typically, pricing is not a big issue. Our average selling prices have remained fairly consistent over the last couple of years. So, no meaningful changes there either.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Kevin, I was trying to refer to the OEM market share gains, OEM in marine, OEM gains auto, aviation. What do the ASPs look like in those segments and does the profitability differ dramatically from what you see today?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think, John, to maybe address that question a little bit, this is Cliff. The OEM market does tend to be a little bit more aggressive on pricing in order to be able to offer OEMs value to bring the product through their channel, but we are factoring all that in terms of our overall results, and we can't specifically quantify obviously what that pricing is.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: As Garmin transitions and auto/mobile declines as a percentage of revenue, how should investors expect Garmin to manage the allocation of the respective operating expenses?
Kevin Rauckman:
 :
Operator: We will take our next question from Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Yes, thanks for taking my question. A quick one, what channels are particularly working for you at the moment? And is there a channel kind of expansion opportunity for you in Asia Pacific? And in relation to that, can you also comment on channel inventory going into the New Year, where do we stand in terms of the level? Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Paul, are you primarily concerned around channels within the auto/mobile or just in general?
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Yes, I think PND in particular, though I am also interested in the fitness and outdoor.
Kevin Rauckman: I think we have had full channel, distribution channel for years if this market is growing enough, then in decline for few years. The Garmin's distribution is quite strong. I think from an emerging market, we are looking at Latin America some opportunities to expand our growth opportunities in PND products. And then as far as the channel inventory, I think we feel very comfortable with where not only our inventory into the year, but also the inventory in the channel, the retailers have done a reasonably good job of managing that inventory during the holiday season.
Operator: And we do have a follow-up question from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer & Company.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: Yes. First, on the lawsuit that was dismissed with Triangle Software, what is that going to imply in terms of lower SG&A costs going forward?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, we have never given lawsuit settlements in terms of absolute dollars. I would put it as a fairly small number in our total SG&A in 2012.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. And then, in terms of the other big line there, R&D. Should that $84 million that we saw in the fourth quarter be kind of the right go-forward rate?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we had some one-time expenses in Q4, but in general, yes, going forward, we are going to be at that level, if not a little bit above as we add some engineering headcount during the year. So, R&D for 2012 would be the one area that would have the most significant increase to our operating expenses.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: Thank you.
Operator: And we have no further questions in the queue at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to the speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Kevin Rauckman: As Cliff said, we are very pleased with the results, and we thank you for your interest in Garmin and look forward to a successful 2012. Thanks everyone for participating.
Operator:
 :

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-02 10:30:00) =====
Executives:  Kerri Thurston – Manager, IR Clifton Pemble – President and COO Kevin Rauckman – Treasurer and CFO
Analysts:  Joseph Longobardi – RBC Capital Markets Simona Jankowski – Goldman Sachs Charlie Anderson – Dougherty & Company Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company James Faucette – Pacific Crest Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Securities John Bright – Avondale Partners Paul Coster – JPMorgan Benjamin Bollin – Cleveland Research Richard Valera – Needham & Company 
Operator: Good day, everyone, and welcome to the Garmin Limited Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today’s call is being recorded. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Ms. Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead, ma’am.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you and good morning, everyone. We’d like to welcome you to Garmin Limited’s Third Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available on Garmin’s Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides, which can be viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will be available until December 2 and a transcript of the call will be available on the Web site shortly after the call. This earnings call will include projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its businesses. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors effecting Garmin. Information concerning the risk factors are contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 25, 2010 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending the call on behalf of Garmin this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer and Kevin Rauchman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The presenters for this morning’s call are Cliff and Kevin. At this time I’d like to turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. As reported earlier this morning, Garmin’s third quarter results included 13% revenue growth in our traditional segments of Aviation, Marine, Outdoor and Fitness. These segments contributed 42% of total revenue and 62% of total company income highlighting the strength of our diversified business model. We achieved $667 million in consolidated revenue, which is down 4% year-over-year as declining revenues in PND were offset by revenues from acquisitions, favorable product mix and growth in our traditional segments. Our pro forma EPS came in at $0.71, which is up 1% from Q3 of last year as margins improved and the impact of revenue deferrals were slightly lower on a year-over-year basis. Kevin will provide additional details on this shortly. We sold 3.5 million units in the quarter, down 9% from Q3 of last year, driven primarily by lower unit deliveries in Auto/Mobile. In addition, we generated $174 million in free cash flow during the quarter. Offsetting this was a dividend payment of $155 million and net cash paid for acquisitions of $53 million resulting in cash and marketable securities balance of over $2.4 billion. Next, we’ll take a closer look at the third quarter performance by segment as well as a market and product update for each one. Looking first at the Marine segment, revenue grew 4% in a seasonally weak quarter. The Americas market was essentially flat while EMEA and APAC experienced modest growth. Margins in the segment compressed further as we increased investments in R&D and added additional infrastructure to support our growing OEM presence. Our GPSMAP Chartplotter system continues to gain share in an otherwise challenging market. In one recent and visible example, Garmin was named the official supplier of marine navigation, communication and sensor equipment to the 34th Annual America’s Cup. A wide range of Garmin products are being used to manage the course and detract and dispatch the support fleet. We are pleased to be part of this legendary marine racing event. Turning next to Aviation, revenue grew 18%, exceeding our expectations on the strength of new retrofit product introductions. While market conditions in the OEM category remained challenging, we did experience a slight increase in OEM equipment deliveries, which contributed to the growth. Operating income increased 20%, as revenue growth exceeded growth and expenses. We continued to invest in the development of our new cockpit systems and to certify those systems on additional Part 23 and Part 25 airframes. I’m pleased to report that we’ve made additional progress in securing future business in the Part 23 and Part 25 business jet market. As recently announced, Garmin has been selected as the avionics provider for two additional business jets from Cessna; the Part 23 M2 and the Part 25 Latitude. The M2, which replaces the existing CJ1, features our G3000 cockpit system, and at the recent NBAA show, Cessna introduced the all new Latitude mid-size business jet, which will include our G5000 integrated cockpit system. Also in the quarter, we introduced the newest aera portable touchscreen navigators. The aera 795 and the 796 deliver premium features and capabilities that only can be experienced with a dedicated device. We are delighted with the response to the new aera products, as initial demand has exceeded our expectations. As mentioned earlier, OEM market conditions remained soft, and we don’t expect to see any change due to the uncertainties caused by the economic and political environment affecting aviation. However, we are pleased with our performance to date, as both revenue and operating income have exceeded our expectations. And we feel we are on track to meet or achieve the targets for the segment for the full year. In the Outdoor segment revenue grew 5%, which includes contributions from the recent acquisition of Tri-Tronics. While this might seem to indicate that the outdoor market is softer than expected, growth was restrained due to the limited availability of new products. We expect this situation to improve in the fourth quarter, which will result in higher growth rates for the year. Sharing a few product highlights for the segment, the Approach S1 golf watch has exceeded our expectations, as customers have embraced the functionality and form factor of this unique device. We now offer the S1 in white in order to increase the appeal of the device to a broader range of customers. Our high-end Montana handheld series is resonating well with customers as it offers more advance features and versatility than any other GPS in the market today. And finally, our updated Astro Dog Tracker and Rino 2-Way radios have experienced robust demand, which is expected to continue throughout the fall hunting season. The Fitness segment continues to deliver strong performance with revenues up 29% in Q3. Operating income also grew at a much slower rate of 3% as we have been investing to further solidify our brand and fuel future growth by increasing our research and development activities. Our high-end products continue to be the catalyst for growth as the Forerunner 610 and Edge 800 are out-performing expectation. We recently introduced products that further expand growth opportunities. First, the Forerunner 910XT is designed with the triathlete in mind and builds off the success of our 310XT by adding sophisticated swim metrics and improved form factor and an on-board barometric altimeter. For the cycling market, we introduced the Edge 200 and our Vector Power Solution. The Edge 200 brings the basics; speed, distance, time and calories to the cycling market at a value price point without sacrificing style or ease of use. The Vector is a revolutionary pedal-based power solution that offers advanced features, ease of installation and value not previously available to the cycling market. The Vector was recently demonstrated at major American and European bike shows and received an enthusiastic response from the market. We anticipate delivery of the Vector will begin in March of 2012. While we are aware of the large number of competitors that have recently entered the fitness market, we believe we have successfully demonstrated our leadership in the GPS enabled fitness category. We intend to keep our position through continued innovation, a broad range of product offerings that appeal to a range of customers from the casual to elite athlete and by offering our products through a well-developed distribution and retail network. In our Auto/Mobile segment, we experienced another quarter of strong market share performance with 60% plus share in the U.S. and mid 30% share in key Europe markets. Our market share in EMEA continues to increase as Garmin-branded unit deliveries were flat compared to Q3 of 2010 against the backdrop of a declining market pointing to increased market share. When adding Navigon’s contribution, our total unit deliveries in the EMEA increased 13%. Growth we experienced in Europe was offset by declines in the rest of the world. Operating margin improved to 15% driven by product mix and an update to our deferred revenue model associated with certain bundled products. When excluding the effects of deferred revenues, operating margin for the quarter was 18%. Revenue declined at a rate of 13% in the quarter, but was ahead of our expectations as ASPs remained stable. ASP stability has been driven by an improved product mix offset by declines in pricing for comparable products on a year-over-year basis. In anticipation of the holiday season, we introduced a totally redesigned family of nüvi products. This new product series offer something for every lifestyle and budget beginning with the Essential series, followed by the Advanced series and finally the Prestige series. Enhancement included a full rollout of our exclusive PhotoReal Junction View content, which displays realistic road signs and junctions along the route. We also introduced subscription-free 3D Traffic offering a combination of real-time traffic data and historical trends delivered through a high-speed data link to create the best routing experience available. As we enter the fourth quarter we expect the market to continue on a similar trajectory as Q3, with the U.S. market down approximately 20% and EMEA declining 10%. We expect to outperform the market based on share gains year-over-year, particularly in Europe, where we have additional room to grow. In the OEM category, we have additional announcements in the quarter; Navigon has been selected by Volkswagen to be the exclusive navigation provider for the new Volkswagen Up compact vehicle. In addition, the nüvi 2390 connected PND was selected by Suzuki for the 2012 Grand Vitara and SX4. We showcased our OEM system capabilities at the recent ITS World Congress, where we unveiled a concept vehicle with our own integrated Infotainment system. This new system features an innovative touch-sensitive controller and a compelling user interface that offers significantly improved ease-of-use and safety. We are pleased with the feedback received from the ITS show, and will be demonstration our concept vehicle to automakers in the coming months. Finally, I’d like to update you on our outlook for the remainder of the year. In light of the moderation of deferrals associated with the PND products and the solid performance of our traditional segments, we now expect to finish the year with revenue of $2.6 billion, which is at the high end of our previous range. We are also increasing our EPS projection to the range of $2.30 to $2.40. Kevin will provide additional details in a moment. That concludes my remarks. Kevin will now provide the financial overview and additional details. Kevin?
Kevin Rauckman: Thank, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. And I will just jump right in and start to cover some additional details, starting with the income statement for the third quarter. You saw that we posted a revenue of $667 million for the quarter with net income of $150 million. And our pro forma EPS was $0.71 per share and this excludes the $15 million foreign currency gain, which is an increase of 1%, EPS 1% over prior year. The revenues represent a decrease of 4% year-over-year. Gross margins came in better than expected at 51.6%, which was a 200 basis point improvement from the prior year. Operating margin was 22.1%, down 200 basis points from 24.1% last year. And the margin was primarily driven by the gross margin favorability of 200 basis points. Advertising was 60 basis points favorable and down $6 million on a year-over-year basis. Our SG&A costs were 370 basis points unfavorable, up $22 million on a year-over-year basis, due primarily to the acquisitions during the quarter. And R&D came in 90 basis points unfavorable up $4 million on a year-over-year, again, due to the acquisitions in our company. The pro forma EPS of $0.71, as I mentioned, represents a 1% year-over-year increase on improved gross margins and a lower tax rate. Units shipped during the quarter were down 9% year-over-year as 3.5 million units were delivered. And finally, the total average selling price across our business was $193 per unit, which is actually up from $182 in the prior year due to segment mix. On a pro forma basis, the non-GAAP measures that we reported represented income per share excluding the effects of foreign currency translation and a one-time tax adjustment that we booked in the third quarter of last year. Q3 2011 GAAP impact from foreign currency gain was $0.06 and a third quarter 2010 GAAP impact from foreign currency gain was $0.14 with an additional $0.59 that was related to this one-time – large one-time tax adjustment. According to U.S. GAAP, we must defer revenue on certain products, and this table summarizes the net impact of the deferral and amortization of revenue and related costs in the third quarter of 2011 and 2010. On the third quarter we deferred approximately $0.08 of EPS into future periods, compared to $0.10 in the third quarter of 2010. Most of these revenues and costs will be amortized, straight line over a three-year period. While we are deferring revenue according to U.S. GAAP, we’re collecting the cash at time of the sale, which is reflected positively in the statement of cash flows. As Cliff mentioned, we did have a change in the amount of revenue and comps deferred per unit during Q3. This occurred primarily in response to the price difference between bundled and unbundled products shrinking during Q3. The impact of this change in estimate in the current quarter was an increase in gross profit of $17.8 million and a diluted EPS impact of $0.07. Moving next to our revenues by segment. In total, revenues decreased, as I mentioned, 4% during the quarter. Cliff has highlighted the primary drivers by segment. I would only add that the trends in each segment have been relatively consistent throughout the year, as evidenced by our third quarter performance compared to year-to-date results. We continue to gain share in both the Marine and Aviation segments despite declines in those industries. During the third quarter, growth of 19% in EMEA was offset by a 15% revenue decline in North America due to the declining PND market and a 10% decline in APAC. The APAC decline was driven by timing and product mix in PNDs as well as the $5 million of mobile handset shipments that we recorded in the third quarter of 2010. We do expect that the APAC market will recover in Q4. Americas represented 53% of revenue in the third quarter of 2011 compared to 60% in Q3 2010. And EMEA increased from 31% to 39% of total revenue. Asia was consistent at 9% year-over-year. The Auto/Mobile segment represented 58% of our total revenues during Q3, down from 64% in 2010. While the Auto/Mobile segment represents 58% of our total revenue during the quarter, it represented only 38% of the operating income due to the lower margin profile of the segment. This compared to 40% in the second quarter of 2010. Aviation and Fitness continued to grow, with their operating income contribution representing 14% and 13%, respectively. And Outdoor continues to be a strong contributor with 44% operating margins. But looking next at the margins by segment, our third quarter Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were 44% and 15% respectively. The year-over-year improvement in gross margins was primarily driven by a reduction in per-unit costs and a slightly lower impact from a deferral of gross profit as previously discussed. Operating margins in the quarter were 15% or 18% when adjusted for deferrals, and this is consistent with the third quarter of 2010. Our third quarter Outdoor gross margin was 66% down from 69% last year due to product mix. Operating margins, as I mentioned, were 44%, a decline from 53% in the year-ago quarter due to the gross margin decline and increased operating expenses within the Outdoor segment. Q3 Fitness gross margin was 60%, stable from the year-ago quarter. Operating margin was 30%, a decline from 37% in the year-ago quarter due to increased advertising and R&D costs, and the allocation of SG&A costs within the segment. Q3 Marine gross margin was 55% compared to 60% in the year-ago quarter as our product shifted more toward lower margin fish finders. Operating margin was 21%, down from 34% a year ago, driven by our gross margin decline and increased R&D and SG&A expenses to support our long term Marine OEM strategy. And finally the Q3 Aviation gross margin came in at 66% down from 70% in Q3 due to mix shifts toward our retrofit products. Operating margin was 27% for the quarter flat from 27% in the prior year due to our operating expense leverage with 18% revenue growth and a reduction in our bad debt reserve following payment from a major customer in the segment. Looking next at our operating expenses, Q3 OpEx increased by $20 million on a year-over-year basis from $177 million last year to $197 million in Q3 2011. And this is an increase of 400 basis points as a percentage of sales. A large part of the increase was due to acquisitions since the third quarter of last year, as I will highlight in a few minutes. R&D increased $4 million year-over-year in the third quarter, 90 basis points, to 11% of sales as head count increased with our recent acquisitions. Our ad spending decreased $6 million over the year-ago quarter and decreased 60 basis points as a percentage of sales to 5% in Q3, 2011.This reduction was largely driven by reduced cooperative advertising, which is volume dependant, and a reduction in our media spend offset by about $3 million of additional costs associated with our acquired entities. But the SG&A increased $22 million compared to the year-ago quarter and increased by 370 basis points to 13% of sales. The absolute dollar increase in SG&A is primarily related to the following:  acquisitions were $10 million increase total with $6 million recurring and $4 million related to the restructuring at Navigon. We saw commissions increase $2.6 million primarily related to new web-based sales initiatives. Our product support costs increased $1.5 million. We had an update to our allocation methodology, which moved $3.2 million more into SG&A, and our legal fees were $1.3 million for acquisition-related fees and the defense of patents in the business. Moving next to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of over $2.4 billion. Our accounts receivable increased sequentially to $519 million as sales in the quarter were more weighted to the back half. Accounts receivable accounted for approximately 74 days of sales when calculated on a trailing four quarters compared to 64 days in the third quarter of 2010. Our inventory balance has increased to $461 million on a sequential basis heading into a seasonally strong fourth quarter, but declined year-over-year from $494 million. Our days of inventory metric was 125 days, compared to 140 days in the third quarter of 2010. We ended the quarter with the following amounts and number of days of inventory: $149 million in raw materials, or 38 days; $55 million in work in process and assemblies, or 15 days of inventory; $283 million in finished goods, or 72 days and we ended the quarter with $26 million in inventory reserves. We now show a $233 million dividend payable on our balance sheet following the payment of the first dividend installment of $155 million on the 30th of June. We did pay an additional $78 million on September 30 after our Q3 closing. And we continue to generate strong cash flow across our businesses. Cash from operations was $186 million during Q3. CapEx was $12 million during the quarter and we generated free cash flow during Q3 of $174 million. Cash flow and deficit during Q3 was $50 million including the $12 million from CapEx, $59 million in acquisitions and intangibles offset by $21 million net redemption of our marketable securities. Financing activities was $153 million use of cash due to the dividend payment, and overall, we earned an average of 1.4% on all cash and marketable securities balances. We expect our strong cash flow generation to continue into our seasonally strong Q4. We will continue to use a portion of the cash flow to fund the dividend going forward. Acquisitions in adjacent niche markets, or tuck-in technologies, which fit our core markets, continue to be a focus. As has been Garmin’s practice, acquisitions will be evaluated by technology, values compatibility and strategic fit within Garmin. Our tax rate for Q3 was 14.1%. We expect the 2011 rate to be approximately 12%. The reduced effective tax rate is attributable to a change in methodology for uncertain tax positions reserves following our favorable audits in both 2010 and 2011. And finally, I wanted to review our full year guidance. As Cliff mentioned earlier, in light of the moderation of deferrals associated with PND products and the solid performance of our traditional segments, we now expect to finish the year with a revenue of $2.6 billion, which is at the high end of our previous range. We also expect gross and operating margins to increase to 47% – to 48% and 18% to 19%, respectively and given an effective tax rate for the year of 12%, this leads to an expected EPS range of $2.30 to $2.40, which represents a $0.25 to $0.30 increase from our prior guidance. This concludes our formal comments. We will now open the lines for Q&A, so join the Q&A line when you’re ready.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) And our first question will come from Mark Sue with RBC Capital Markets.
Joseph Longobardi – RBC Capital Markets: Hi. This is Joe Longobardi on for Mark.
Clifton Pemble: Hi, Joe.
Joseph Longobardi – RBC Capital Markets: Hi. So we’re seeing an uptick in applications and devices associated primarily with smartphones, as covering run trackers, heart rate monitors and others. Can you discuss the competitive dynamics? Do you see them within the Outdoor Fitness segment? Are you seeing any early signs of cannibalization at this point?
Clifton Pemble: Well, I think those applications, Joe, have been around for a while now. We haven’t seen any kind of cannibalization of our Fitness market, for example, because we’re still demonstrating very strong growth in those devices. We also balanced our product line to offer our own applications, which work with our heart rate sensors and other sensors that would go on a bike as well. So we feel like we’re playing all of the bases in the various market segments – sub-segments of fitness and covering all the customer needs.
Joseph Longobardi – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And just looking at the deferred revenue. You highlighted the change in the deferral rate and the resulting margin benefit that we saw there. Can we assume that this is a new base rate or should we expect some future variability quarter-over-quarter as it relates to that?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. In general you should expect that we’re at a new base rate. There will be some variability just due to difficulty to forecast since the manner in which we estimate is – has a lot of variables there, but in general we’re at a new run rate now.
Joseph Longobardi – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. Good-bye.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski – Goldman Sachs: Hi. Good morning and thank you. Just a follow-up on that deferred question. I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that during the quarter the price differential narrowed and that’s what precipitated the change. Can you just be a little bit more specific on what that differential narrowed from and to?
Kevin Rauckman: In general we look year-over-year. We’ve been watching the bundled and unbundled. And if you look like a year ago, we were sitting at about $50 difference between bundled and unbundled and as we went through Q3 the number was closer $20. So I think we’ve been evaluating that and it came to a point where due to market condition changes we had to change our baseline of how we defer that revenue.
Simona Jankowski – Goldman Sachs: Got it. And is that price difference on the wholesale price from you to the retailer as opposed to the end price? Because when we actually track that difference just in terms of the published online pricing for Garmin product, it was fairly close to $40 this quarter, which was pretty similar to the $40 that we tracked last quarter. So we didn’t really pick up that big of a change during the quarter.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. The pricing is related to our pricing to the distributor. So it’s not the end retail, but it’s more the price that we get on revenue on our products sold to the customer.
Simona Jankowski – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Got it. And then just last question, is if you can comment a little bit on the contribution of Navigon in the quarter and also what you thought about your overall market share since it seems like your unit growth was relatively flat sequentially and your main competitor seems to have been up in the double digits. So I know you talked about share gains in EMEA, but maybe if you can just give us a global view in a particular accounting for the organic business excluding Navigon.
Kevin Rauckman: Okay. Yeah, I’ll first start with Navigon. We closed the deal on Navigon at the end of July. So we had two months of their results, and going forward we probably won’t break this out, but just for the current quarter we experienced about $25 million in revenue, which was right where we had anticipated it going into the quarter. And I think your other question was related to market share. And I think you – assuming you were talking more about PND, correct?
Simona Jankowski – Goldman Sachs: Correct, yes.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. So I think what we’ve seen on the PND market share is that – we mentioned that our European businesses are growing, we saw growth during the period. And clearly the North American market’s still in decline, but overall, we still think that our global market share we’ve been able to retain, if not see that grow a little bit, from the 37%, 38% range is where we would put the overall global share in PND.
Simona Jankowski – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company.
Charlie Anderson – Dougherty & Company: Good afternoon, and thanks for taking my questions. I’m actually going to start with Aviation. I wondered – I think you guys talked about the Retrofit business doing well. And I get the sense that with people sort of deferring decisions on new planes, they’re going back and updating their current plans. So I’m wondering what sort of the industry growth rate is in the Retrofit business. And if you guys feel like you’re taking share above that if you’re growing faster than the industry.
Clifton Pemble: Well, Charlie, I think some of the good results we have on the Retrofit side are driven by new product introductions. Our GTN series offers new capabilities that weren’t available in the past to Retrofit buyers. That’s one catalyst. And then in general, it seems as we get closer to the end of the year people are accelerating on their decisions to equip their aircraft in order to take advantage of tax incentives and things that are still in place.
Charlie Anderson – Dougherty & Company: Got it. And then a question on the deferrals, Kevin, you sort of implied a revenue number for Q4 here in your full year gut instinct. And I wondered what is sort of the impact deferrals that you’re assuming in that – I think it’s $750 million number for Q4. And I’m also wondering how we should think about going forward. I think at one point you thought you’d get sort of a net benefit from all the amortization, I wonder if that pushes out a little bit with the change from your product...
Kevin Rauckman: I think – yes, sequentially we would still expect the deferred revenue component to be larger than in Q3, but it will – we believe it will be lower than what it was a year ago. So year-over-year, Q4 the deferred component will be down. So that’s what our expectations are going into the holiday season.
Charlie Anderson – Dougherty & Company: Okay. Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer & Company.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: Thank you. So first, on the non-Auto/Mobile businesses, if I look at them on a combined basis, it looks like operating income was down on the order of 8%, 9% year-on-year. How much of that was due to reallocation of expenses across the various businesses? And to what extent does that reflect a new level of investment that you need to make in those businesses moving forward?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, Yair, I think you know we’ve made some changes to our business model in the last 12 months and we’re not going to quantify exactly how much that is, but a large part of that, that declined in operating margins has to do with investment like we mentioned on the Marine OEM and some of the other areas like Fitness. So we believe that we’ve invested pretty heavily there in the last year in those traditional markets. The other aspect was – or has been some gross margin declines due to product mix as we mentioned, like in the Fitness area so – and also in the Marine area for that matter. So those are the other kind of two characteristics that are driving the overall operating margins. In general, we feel pretty comfortable with the operating margins in those traditional markets. We feel like they’re sustainable and we’re working diligently to come out with new technologies that’ll help us, again, to sustain that high profit margin.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: Great. And then just in terms of your guidance and if I look at the implied guidance for the fourth quarter, you have EPS of somewhere in the midpoint around $0.58, which is down substantially both from the third quarter of 2011 and from the fourth quarter of 2010. To what extent is that conservatism? To what extent – are there tangible things that you’re concerned about? Is there some reason to worry that given the share gains you’ve had in Europe your competitors are going to be a little bit more aggressive on the pricing side?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think we have pretty good plans going in to the holiday season with our retailers. So we know what the – generally what the price points are. We don’t know, obviously, the exact mix based on the sell through rates. So I think the main driver there is – not surprisingly, is the PND margins. We don’t see – we don’t expect that we will continue to see 44% growth margins on PND. We always have discounting and special promotional products at the Black Friday and the entire quarter. So that’s the primary reason. There is some level of conservatism. But I think we feel pretty comfortable with our overall guidance for the quarter and the year.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: Great. And then just one final quick one. Any sense of the inventory situation on the PND side both in Europe and in the North America? Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. Thanks, Yair. Inventory in our opinion is in really good shape. We don’t expect any major issues there. The channel is much cleaner than it has – than it was a year ago and it’s been like that for most of this year because retailers have been more conservative in their buying patterns.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Company: Thank you.
Clifton Pemble: Yeah.
Operator: And next we’ll go to James Faucette with Pacific Crest.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest: Great. Thank you very much. I wanted to follow up on the PND market, generally is that – can you talk a little bit about how you’re thinking about that business for the medium to long term? I know coming into this year that you decided, hey, it was worth additional investment, particularly to refresh your product portfolio there. Do you feel like we’re reaching a point of stability yet? Or should we anticipate further declines? And I’m just wondering what the implications for your operating expense outlook for that segment are going forward?
Clifton Pemble: I think, James, we don’t anticipate that the trends we’ve seen recently are going to change materially in the near term. In the coming year, we anticipate another approximately 10% decline in the worldwide unit volumes. We do believe that in the longer term, that the market stabilizes at some point and I think a lot of people are trying to project what that is. It’s kind of difficult to do, but we do believe there’s a long-term market there that’s still substantial that we can serve.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest: Okay. And then turning to Aviation, you indicated that you’re seeing a little bit more activity as people kind of push to get Retrofits, et cetera, done before the end of the year. Can you give us an idea of what your sense is? How much of that may be related to pending tax changes, et cetera, that may be causing people to pull forward demand versus how much do you think it is really a bit of an improvement in underlying demand?
Clifton Pemble: Probably hard to say. I don’t think this is a new trend because each year when there’s a potential expiration of bonus depreciation, people tend to defer their buying decisions until somewhat of a last minute. But we do think that there’s some level of interest in improvement in the Retrofit market as people are enticed by the new products, so there’s a balance of factors that are there and kind of hard to quantify each one.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest: Sure. And then finally, just – my last question is just on the tax rate. I guess looking for effective tax rate this year of about 12%. What’s – how should we be thinking about that for out periods? Are we getting some extra benefit this year? Or should this be kind of our – a new assumed level going forward?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. I think there’s – again, there’s a lot of details on the tax rate that go into that. A lot of it would depend on the profitability by the various regions, whether Europe versus – APAC versus Americas grows faster. But in general, we feel like somewhere between the 12% and 15% range on effective tax rates is where you should model this business in the next couple of years.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest: That’s great. Thank you very much.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks, James.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Travis Mccourt with Morgan Keegan.
Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan: Thanks, guys. It’s Tavis. Kevin, I was wondering if you could help me out with trying to figure out, if you back out the deferred revenue impact from last year and this year, I’m getting to an Auto revenue down about 13%. And I wanted to see if that was consistent with what you guys – how you guys would calculate it and that would – I guess, would include Navigon. And then secondly, I wonder if you can give us the mix of OEM versus retrofit – or aftermarket in both the Aviation and Marine segments?
Kevin Rauckman: Your first number about down 13% is pretty close to what we have, yeah. I think you’re in the ballpark on that. From a OEM, I know on the Marine side, we’ve seen an increase in the Marine OEM business. It used to be very small. In the last couple of quarters, it’s run about 10% of our overall Marine segment. And on the Aviation side, do we have an exact number we’re ready to...
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. We tend to see business there that is evenly split between Retrofit and OEMs at this point because we do have strong positions at many OEMs. There’s also the portable component that rounds out our total Aviation revenues, but we don’t split it out beyond that.
Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan: Great. And, Kevin, do you have the Q4 2010 revenue split between Outdoor and Fitness, or is that available anywhere?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. It’s actually on our Web site, and Kerri can follow-up with you.
Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan: Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: But yeah, we’ve broken those down for your benefit.
Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan: Yeah. Great. Thanks a lot.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Securities.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Securities: Great. Thank you and good morning.
Kevin Rauckman: Hey, Scott.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Securities: First of all, on the Auto/Mobile, can you talk a little bit more about the potential revenue you’ve seen in the Auto OEM market and kind of momentum you’re seeing there in some of these new wins and some of the fleet navigational wins you’ve won there?
Kevin Rauckman: Auto OEM. Auto OEM. I think what we’ve – we’re – we’ve commented, we don’t break it out officially between our Auto/Mobile segment because the Auto OEM is still a relatively small component of the Auto/Mobile segment. It’s between – around $125 million, roughly, this year, and it will – we expect it to continue to grow. Cliff talked about some new deals that we’ve won like the VW Volkswagen Up and the Suzuki. Many of the deals that we’re working on with our new platform would take us a couple of years before we would see revenue contributions, so this is more of a longer term strategy. And hopefully, we’ll have some additional wins to talk about here in the future.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Securities: Okay. Moving over to Fitness, you’ve already addressed some of the smartphone competition. TomTom’s been there a while with Nike with a product and there’s a new Motorola product there. What are you seeing that you need to do to compete? I mean, do you think there’s going to be pricing pressure there? Or you think it’s best of your products you can maintain your pricing and compete effectively in this growing market?
Clifton Pemble: I think it’s really two things, Scott. One is, our products are known in the community as being the products that offer the features and the performance that people are looking for in the fitness environment. So we’ve developed a reputation and a brand amongst athletes that Garmin is the go-to brand. In terms of going forward, we believe that there’s opportunity to expand the market to appeal to different levels of athletes. And we can invest in our product line in order to be able to address those other segments of the market.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll next hear from John Bright with Avondale Partners.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Thank you. Good afternoon – or good morning. In the Aviation market, as your moving up market, characterize how you see the opportunity over the next couple of years for the Aviation market.
Clifton Pemble: Well I think Aviation is actually a very interesting growth story for us. We are working hard on quite a few platforms, some of which we’ve outlined for you today as well as in the past, and we are very much under-penetrated in the mid-size business jet category and that’s an area that we can continue to grow for a while.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Something you think you could double over a maybe three-year timeframe?
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. I don’t know that we can quantify it on the fly. But – so we do see significant opportunity with lots of platforms that are still either being developed or are going to be up for renegotiation and new avionic systems for those platforms in the future.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Kevin, on the – the Fitness margins were down year-over-year and I think you mentioned cost allocation as a partial reason associated with that. How are you allocating a rate cost today and have you changed that?
Kevin Rauckman: Well we haven’t changed it significantly, but a significant portion of our operating expenses are allocated on sales. As you saw in the quarter and the year, Fitness has really grown much faster than the other segments so they do gain, I guess, some of those operating expenses in the segment, which has impacted our operating margins in the short term. I think when we look forward on the growth rate to the various businesses, I think – again, 2011 has been more significant in the impact that we’ve seen on the bottom line from these segments. But as I mentioned in our formal remarks, we’re pretty comfortable with the long term margin structure of those traditional segments, including Fitness.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: It’s something we’ve talked about on multiple calls regarding the PND business and the long term trajectory associated with it. Can you talk to us about – or give us an update about how you plan to lower the costs associated – the operating costs associated with that business?
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. I think, John, as the market develops and as we see – confirm the trends that are there, we’ll have to scale our investment and the end products and R&D accordingly just to fit the market. While we did introduce a significant line of products this year, the new line does represent a significant simplification of our product lines and we would anticipate going forward that we can make similar changes in order to scale our investment.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Okay. I’m going to go to the Auto OEM side that you were just talking about. Are you seeing a greater value by the Auto OEMs of the offering you’re bringing to the table that are not just focused on cost as they have been historically?
Clifton Pemble: Yeah. I think for the partners we’re working with right now we do hear favorable feedback from them that they appreciate the Garmin brand and the benefits that, that brings in the consumer awareness. People feel like they’re getting a system that they know and from a provider they can trust. So we do see benefit in that.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Two final questions. One, given on guidance it was asked one way, try it another way. What kind of macro assumptions are you assuming for the upcoming holiday seasons?
Kevin Rauckman: I think what we’re assuming is – we’re assuming growth through the traditional segments. In Marine, if you look at Marine Q4, the lowest quarter from just an absolute dollar level. Now the key question is are we going to see anything change? So I think on PND for the holiday season, we’re looking at sequential growth much like we’ve seen in the past across our total business but maybe not quite as pronounced in Q4. That’s – those are the assumptions that we’ve put into our guidance for fourth quarter.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Okay. Final question. What’s been the board discussion regarding dividend policy beyond March? Is it something where you’re going to go to a fixed rate with increases? Should we think about a payout ratio? What has been the discussion at the board regarding dividend policy?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we’re comfortable with the policy this year. We – actually, the board hasn’t made any final decisions yet. We would address the use of cash as we come out of the year and get into Q1, but the timing of that would be – when we set our 2012 guidance we will also talked about dividend policy. Clearly, you can see from our strong cash flow that we have a considerable amount of cash being generated in the business, talk about acquisitions, strategic acquisitions to acquire, which would not come anywhere near what our operating cash is. So in general we like the idea of paying a strong dividend yield, right now roughly 5% maybe a little bit below that with current price. But we’d like that strategy. Generally, the way we look at it is the dividend yield as opposed to a payout ratio.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Thank you.
Operator: We’ll next go to Paul Coster with JPMorgan.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Thank you. Kevin, so much data, I may have missed this, but did you share the unit volumes by segment?
Kevin Rauckman: No. We’ve not broken those out traditionally, so just under 3.5 million units for the quarter, but we do not break out unit volumes below that.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Okay. And then in Europe, obviously, you have confidence that you can hang onto the share gain and even build on it. Can you talk just a little bit about what you’ve actually done? What it is in the product, the channel, the brand or whatever, that has won you this market share and seems sustainable to you?
Clifton Pemble: Well, Paul, first of all, we’ve concentrated on each individual market and tried to make sure that our product is up to the standards that those markets expect, giving them everything that they need for their particular navigational situations. We’ve also focused our strategy on all included in terms of services, so traffic, map, updates, all of those things are all included in the price. And customers know what to expect in terms of the ongoing cost of maintaining their unit.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Okay. And then in terms of channel inventory. I think you mentioned earlier on it, but is there any difference between the level of channel inventory in North America and Europe? And how does it compare to this time last year?
Clifton Pemble: I think generally, we feel like channel inventories are really quite lean and clean exiting the quarter. As we move into the holiday season, of course, we’re shipping a lot of units in for – in anticipation of holiday gift buying. But as of the exit of the quarter, we felt like it was very lean.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Lastly, the revenue that you’re deriving from sales of your software-based solutions to – for use on the iPhone for instance. Is that material? Is it strategically important to you as an initiative? And if so, why?
Clifton Pemble: I think we feel like it’s an important area for us to have a presence. At the moment, it is an insignificant number relative to the overall revenue headline of Garmin. But we’re pleased so far with our progress.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Okay. Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin Bollin – Cleveland Research: Good morning. Thanks for taking the call. First question I had is, looking at the deferred revenue, are there any thoughts on when amortized revenue will begin to outpace the deferred revenue on either a quarterly or annual basis?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. We probably won’t see that for at least another year, after end of 2012. And then we’ll get into that position where that will turn around.
Benjamin Bollin – Cleveland Research: Okay. And then looking at the Aviation market, what’s your current market share in the overall market before you start seeing the contribution of the G5000 cockpit? And then, how does the total addressable market change in size once that product is certified and you start to get the revenue contribution?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think in the category of aircraft that the G5000 goes into, our market share is currently really zero because we’re starting basically with new wins there. Going forward, it’s difficult to say because there’s lots of deals still in the works and programs that we’re certifying now. But we aim to take a meaningful share of that market through the unique value that our system offers to the OEMs.
Benjamin Bollin – Cleveland Research: Okay. I guess my last question then would be looking at the Auto OEM business versus the traditional PND business. How do gross margins and operating margins compare between the two?
Kevin Rauckman: Gross margins in Auto OEM tend to be lower for various reasons. Obviously, you’re going through another layer of resale in the channel. Operating margins also tend to be lower both because of the top line as well as the investment that it takes in the OEM business. It’s definitely a resource-intensive business.
Benjamin Bollin – Cleveland Research: Thank you.
Clifton Pemble: Thanks, Ben.
Operator: Next we’ll go to Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Morning. Thank you. Your – I know you talked about your guidance – implied guidance for the fourth quarter, but I just wanted to revisit that. Historically, you’ve not had a quarter with worse than 20% sequential growth in the fourth quarter, even in the fourth quarter of 2008, which was a very tough quarter economically. And your implied guidance is sort of low double-digit this quarter. So if I understood in some of your answers to other questions, it sounded like maybe it was PND where you’re expecting a less-than-historical, seasonal increase, and that’s what’s driving the overall top line guidance. Is that fair?
Clifton Pemble: I think that’s fair. I think it’s primarily focused on the North American market, so it’s no surprise. We’ve been talking about the North American PND market all year. So I think that’s the primary reason for our Q4 guidance.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Okay. Fair enough. And I just wanted to make sure I understood the deferred impact on gross margin. I think, Kevin, I believe you said it was $17.8 million positive impact on gross margin this quarter due to the change in the way you were accruing that. Does that mean the deferred revenue that you would have seen under the old method would have been closer to $40 million? Is that fair?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. That’s – well, I think that – yeah, a little bit over $40 million actually.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Right. Right, actually over $40 million, like closer to $42 million.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. The $17.8 million was the gross margin impact, so the $0.07 is – yeah, that’s right.
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: Right. Okay.
Kevin Rauckman: Okay?
Richard Valera – Needham & Company: All right. That’s all for me. Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: All right. Thank you.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time.
Kerri Thurston: Very Good. Thank you all for joining our call today. And Kevin and I will speak to many of you later. Thanks.
Operator: And that does conclude today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-03 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Director of Investor Relations Kevin Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Treasurer, Treasurer of Garmin USA Inc, Director of Garmin International Inc and Director of Garmin USA Inc Clifton Pemble - President, Chief Operating Officer, Director, President of Garmin International Inc, President of Garmin USA Inc and President of Garmin AT Inc
Analysts: Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co. Tavis McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc. Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Securities Inc. Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Jeff Rath - Canaccord Genuity Charlie Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC Joseph Longobardi - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC James Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. John Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC Benjamin Bollin - Cleveland Research Company Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.
Operator: Good day, and welcome to the Garmin Ltd. Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Conference Call. Today's call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Ms. Kerri Thurston. Ms. Thurston, please go ahead.
Kerri Thurston: Good morning. We'd like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd. Second Quarter 2011 Earnings Call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides, which can be viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will be available until September 6, and a transcript of the call will be available on the website under the Events Calendar tab. This earnings call will include projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 25, 2010, filed with the SEC. Attending today's call on behalf of Garmin Ltd. are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; and Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff and Kevin. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Cliff.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Kerri, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining today. As reported in our press release this morning, Garmin's second quarter results included 11% revenue growth in our traditional segments of aviation, marine, outdoor and fitness. Total revenue was down 8%, driven by lower volumes and increased deferred revenue in the auto/PND market. Our traditional segments contributed 46% of total revenue and 81% of total company income, which is evidence of the strength of our diversified business model. We reported pro forma EPS of $0.63, down 26% from Q2 of last year. A major contributing factor is the increased rate at which we are deferring revenues. These revenues are part of our cash flow with recognition deferred into the future according to GAAP rules. Additionally, our EPS was affected by a one-time accrual for bad debt expenses as well as higher-than-anticipated legal expenses in the quarter. Kevin will provide additional information on the impact of these items in just a moment. We sold 3.8 million units in the quarter, which is a 6% decline over prior year levels driven primarily by lower unit deliveries in the auto/mobile, followed by growth in fitness and marine. We generated $196 million of free cash flow during the quarter, resulting in a cash and marketable securities balance of $2.5 billion. Next, we'll take a closer look at the second quarter performance as well as a market and product update for each segment. Looking first at the marine segment, we posted revenue growth of 6%, which was below that of Q1, however, still in line with our expectations for the full year. During the quarter, we launched the echo series, which is a new line-up of low-cost fishfinders. The echo series has been very popular, capturing a meaningful share of the fishfinder market. Due to the release of the echo series, the product mix shifted towards lower price points affecting our margins in this segment. But we expect margins to improve in the back half of the year as the product mix normalizes. At the beginning of the second quarter, we experienced a flattening of growth in the U.S. market, which has been confirmed by other customers and partners serving the U.S. market. However, this softness was offset by gains in Europe and Asia. Our full-year expectations for the marine market remain intact. Also during the quarter, we introduced products that bring new innovation to the marine market and enhance our ability to serve more boat platforms. The first product I'd like to mention is the GDL 40, a pay-as-you-go marine weather receiver delivering useful real-time content from our server platforms, including radar, wind speed and direction, bay service temperatures, wave height and more. Boaters now have the ability to get the information they need when they need it, without paying ongoing subscription fees when not on the water. In addition, we introduced the GHP 12, an improved marine autopilot that supports additional steering systems, making it an attractive solution for a broader range of powerboats and sailboats. Looking next at aviation, revenues grew 13% ahead of expectations, driven by strength in the retrofit market. Both new and legacy products contributed to the growth. On the other hand, the OEM market conditions remain soft. As a result, OEM revenue was basically flat year-over-year. Operating income increased 18% as revenue growth outpaced the growth in operating expenses. Operating income generated by aviation represented 17% of our total operating income for the quarter. As I mentioned, the OEM market remains soft, and we do not expect to see market conditions improve this year. Current economic conditions are unfavorable, and the political environment has returned to harmful finger-pointing at a rare and valuable industry that creates domestic manufacturing jobs and positive exports for the United States. In light of this, it's very difficult to predict when the OEM market will recover. Despite these challenges, we remain excited, and our long-term focus is on growing revenues in the OEM market. Should the market remain soft for an extended period, we are confident we can grow our share based on the value proposition of our integrated cockpit system. New platform certifications are on track, and we anticipate they will begin contributing revenue in 2013. In the near term, we are certifying the G1000 into additional aircraft platforms as a retrofit solution.  Most recently, we announced a G1000 retrofit solution for the SOCATA TBM 700, which is our fifth aircraft model approved for a G1000 field upgrade. We have made our first delivery to the French Ministry of Defense as part of the contract to equip 27 aircraft. While the aviation market contains a mix of good and not-so-good news, the trends so far give us confidence that we will meet or exceed our full year revenue targets. In our outdoor segment, revenues grew 1%. The European market was strong, but was offset by weakness within the U.S. While this is below our full-year expectations, year-to-date performance exceeds our previously stated target of 5% growth, and we remain confident that we will meet or exceed this target driven by new product introductions and our recent acquisition of Tri-Tronics, a leading provider of electronic dog training equipment. We're excited to have Tri-Tronics in the Garmin family. They, like Garmin, have built a respected brand that represents quality, performance and customer service. With their e-collars and other products, we have an expanded product offering for our existing Astro customer base and an opportunity to grow in new areas such as the pet market. We look forward to collaborating together to expand our leadership position in both the tracking and training of sporting dogs and household pets. Tri-Tronics will begin contributing revenue in the back half of 2011, and we anticipate they will add approximately USD $8 million to our overall outdoor segment revenues. During the second quarter, we introduced a robust set of new products in the outdoor segment that will contribute to our growth story in the back half of the year. These products continue in Garmin's tradition of serving a variety of diverse needs with something for every customer. Our new products include the Montana series. These handheld feature 4-inch sunlight readable display with touch screen and include advanced features such as multi-activity software, altimeter and compass. The Montana 650 and 650t include a ruggedized, 5-megapixel autofocus camera, which allows users to capture high-quality images in the field without the worry of carrying a second camera device that can be lost or damaged in demanding outdoor conditions. Our classic eTrex series has been updated by new and greatly improved lineup of eTrex handhelds. With enhanced displays, paperless geocaching capabilities and much more for our entry-level customers. And finally, we introduced a lineup of Rino two-way radios with touch screen, extended communication range and new features, such as weather alerting and polling capabilities to enhance the safety and situational awareness. Like the Montana 650 series, the Rino 655t also includes a ruggedized 5-megapixel autofocus camera. In the fitness segment, we reported 25% revenue growth driven by new product introductions such as our Forerunner 210, 610 and Edge 800. The high-end Forerunner 610, in particular, has exceeded our expectations and remains in high demand.  Operating income grew only 3% year-over-year due to increased investment in advertising and R&D in the quarter. In addition, SG&A costs increased as the segment was allocated additional overhead cost based on its revenue and unit delivery contributions. As we look to the future, our focus will be on innovation in both form factor and function, driving global penetration and defending our leadership position in the GPS-enabled fitness category. Before moving on, I'd like to highlight the incredible performance of Team Garmin-Cervelo at the recent Tour de France. The team achieved their best ever Tour de France as the #1 team. One of our cyclists, Tom Danielson, achieved ninth place in the individual standings. We had an impressive showing during the long race including a Fourth of July sprint stage win for American Tyler Farrar and 2 stage wins for Thor Hushovd who wore the yellow jersey for a full week early in the tour. We are very proud of the accomplishments of the team and their commitment to performance through clean racing. The publicity and goodwill that the team is generating is difficult to value, but I think you'll see the dividends in growth of our cycling computer sales affecting our overall fitness segment. Finally, in our auto/mobile segment, revenue declined 19% as strong growth in OEM revenues was offset by the declining size of the PND market. In addition, we differed $62 million of revenue into the future, as the mix of bundled products is growing faster than we earlier anticipated. The GAAP operating margin for this segment was 7%. However, when considering the impact of deferred gross profit of $51 million, our gross margin would've been 18%. This reinforces our belief that the segment will be profitable in the long term. Our market share has strengthened throughout 2011, with second quarter share greater than 60% in North America. In fact, NPT has reported a share of 64%, which is the highest in recent memory. Share in Europe continues to grow, currently in the mid-20 percent range, based on our estimates of the total market size. Also in the quarter, we announced our proposed acquisition of Navigon, which was recently completed after receiving final clearance from German competition authorities. Navigon was attracted to Garmin for 3 primary reasons. First, Navigon is contender in the OEM market with a growing customer list and a well-respected technology base. Secondly, their PND market share in Europe is approximately 7%, which further strengthens our position in that region of the world. Finally, they offer a compelling mobile application that has been well received in the various application markets. We have already started efforts to combine our strengths and leverage synergies that are possible through the combination of our PND businesses. As a result of this acquisition, we anticipate emerging as an even stronger global competitor. We expect that Navigon will add approximately USD $75 million in revenue in the back half of 2011. Our market expectations for PND are unchanged from those provided in February of this year. We continue to expect PND volumes to decline year-over-year in both North America and Europe, offset by some growth in emerging regions. Garmin is currently bucking the trend in Europe due to our strong share gains allowing us to post both revenue growth and unit growth in this region throughout the first 2 quarters of the year. Within the PND category, we realize that we must-have precision execution to maintain our global leadership across the spectrum of market share, technology and content offerings, while remaining profitable. We are committed to doing just that. From a growth perspective, our OEM business continues to develop with Garmin gaining global recognition as a competitive vendor for both hardware and software solutions. We look forward to sharing more with you from this segment as the business develops. Now that the first half of 2011 is behind us, we are updating our fiscal 2011 guidance. We now expect to deliver full-year revenue between USD $2.5 billion and USD $2.6 billion, with the improvement driven primarily by acquisitions of Navigon and Tri-Tronics. While slightly increasing our revenue range, we are reducing and narrowing our EPS range driven primarily by accelerated deferrals of high-margin revenues. Kevin will provide additional clarity in just a moment. These factors and an anticipated effective tax rate of approximately 12%, result in a forecasted 2011 EPS of $2 to $2.15. That concludes my Q2 update, and Kevin will continue with more detailed financial overview. Kevin?
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks, Cliff, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to walk us through the Q2 financial results, first beginning with the income statement. We posted revenue of $674 million for the quarter with net income of $109 million. Our pro forma EPS was $0.63 per share, which excludes a $15 million foreign currency loss during the period. The revenues represent a decrease of 8% year-over-year. Gross margin came in at 47.8%, which was a 590 basis point decline from the prior year. Gross margin strength in the prior year quarter was primarily related to the refined warranty estimate that reduced our costs by $22 million or 290 basis points. Deferral of high margin revenues associated with bundled products accounted for additional 200 basis points in gross margin decline. Operating margin was 19.5%, down 820 basis points from 27.7% last year. This margin was driven primarily by the gross margin down 590 basis points. Advertising was 80 basis points favorable and down $9 million on a year-over-year basis. Our SG&A was 260 basis points unfavorable, and this was up $12 million on a year-over-year basis due primarily to bad debt accruals and legal expenses. R&D came in at 40 basis points unfavorable but was down $2 million on a year-over-year basis as our headcount declined slightly. Pro forma EPS of $0.63 represents a 26% decline year-over-year as revenues and margin declined. Units shipped were down 6% year-over-year as 3.8 million units were delivered during the quarter. And our total company average selling price was $179 per unit, basically flat from $182 last year. The non-GAAP measures that we reported this morning represent net income per share, excluding the effects of foreign currency translation. This impact was $0.07 per share favorable during Q2 of this year and $0.18 per share favorable for Q2 of last year. As Cliff mentioned earlier, according to U.S. GAAP, we must defer revenue on certain products, and this table on the slide summarizes the net impact of the deferral and the amortization of revenue and related costs in both the second quarter of 2011 and 2010. In the current quarter, we deferred approximately $0.23 of EPS into future periods compared to $0.08 in the second quarter of 2010. Most of these revenues and costs will be amortized straight line over a 3-year period. It's important to note that while we're deferring revenue according to U.S. GAAP, we are collecting cash at the time of this sale, which is reflected positively in our statement of cash flow, which I'll review in just a minute. It's also interesting to note that we have approximately $1 of deferred earnings per share on our balance sheet currently assuming a 12% effective tax rate. Moving next to a little bit more detail on our revenue. During Q2, we experienced a 19% revenue decline within the auto/mobile segment, due primarily to a declining PND market in North America. This was partially offset by PND growth in Europe and Asia as well as the OEM revenue increases we saw. Our outdoor segment grew 1%. The growth in this segment will improve in the third quarter with a launch of a number of our new products. Fitness revenues remained strong and grew 25% compared to Q2 of 2010 on the strength of high-end running watches and the cycling computers. Aviation segment revenues increased 13% compared to Q2 of 2010 with growth in aftermarket products. And our marine segment revenues also increased at 6% compared to Q2 2010 as we gained market share during the quarter. In total, our revenues decreased 8% during the second quarter, and for the year, our total revenues are up 2%. During the second quarter, growth of 12% and 31% respectively in Europe and Asia was offset by a 21% decline in North America due to the declining PND market. North America represented 53% of revenue in Q2 2011, compared to 62% in the second quarter last year. Europe increased from 31% to 38% of total revenue and Asia from 7% to 9% in the same time period. The auto/mobile segment represented 54% of our total revenues during Q2, down from 61% in 2010. Each of the other segments contributed between 11% and 12% of revenues. While the auto/mobile segment represented 54% of our total, it represented only 19% of our operating income in Q2 due to the lower margin profile of this segment. This compared to 44% in the second quarter of 2010. Each of our other business segments contributed between 17% and 27% of operating income with outdoor leading the way at 27% of total op income due to the 44% operating margins in that segment. Looking next at the margin breakdown by segment. Q2 auto/mobile gross margin and operating margin were 36% and 7%, respectively. The year-over-year decline in gross margin was primarily driven by the 2010 warranty estimate refinement and the deferral of $51 million of gross profit at an 83% margin. Operating margin in the quarter, excluding these deferrals, would've been 18%. Auto/mobile was also impacted by approximately $8 million of bad debt and legal costs that are not recurring in nature. Our second quarter outdoor gross margin was 65%, down from 67% last year due to the 2010 benefit from our warranty refinement. Operating margin, as I mentioned, was 44% down from 48% in the year ago quarter due to the gross margin decline and a slight increase in operating expenses in this segment. Our Q2 fitness gross margin was 58%, down from 62% last year. Like outdoor, this is partially related to the 2010 benefit from warranty. Operating margin was 33%, a decline from 40% a year ago due to the gross margin decline as well as increased advertising costs and allocation of selling, general and administrative costs. Q2 marine gross margin was 56% compared to 66% in the year ago quarter, as product mix shifted towards fishfinders, and we also comped against the 2010 warranty benefit. Operating margin was 30%, down from 43% a year ago driven by gross margin decline and increased R&D and SG&A expenses. As Cliff mentioned previously, we do expect marine margins to improve in the back half of the year. And finally, our second quarter aviation gross margin was 69%, down slightly from 70% a year ago. Operating margin was 30% for the quarter, representing a slight increase from 29% in the prior year. Looking next at operating expenses. Our Q2 OpEx increased by $1 million on a year-over-year basis from $190 million to $191 million in Q2 2011, increased 220 basis points as a percentage of sales. R&D decreased, however, $2 million year-over-year but was up 40 basis points to 10% of sales. As I mentioned earlier, we have slightly reduced headcount on a year-over-year basis. Our ad spending decreased $8 million over the year ago quarter and decreased 80 basis points as a percentage of sales to 5% in Q2 2011. This was largely driven by reduced cooperative advertising, which was volume-dependent and a reduction in our media spend. Other SG&A increased $12 million, compared to a year ago and increased 260 basis points, up to 13% of sales. This increase represents approximately $8 million of nonrecurring costs for both bad debt and legal costs. Moving next to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of $2.5 billion. Our accounts receivable increased sequentially to $493 million as revenues increased 33%. Accounts receivable accounted for approximately 56 days of sales when calculated on a trailing 4 quarters compared to 61 days of sales in the second quarter of 2010. Our inventory balances decreased slightly to $386 million on a sequential basis and our days of inventory metrics was 106 days, a decrease from 119 in the first quarter of 2011. We do continue to take steps to ensure that our working capital is maximized during the year. We ended Q2 with the following amounts and number of days of inventory. We ended Q2 at $153 million in raw materials or 38 days; $43 million in work in process and assemblies or 12 days; and $219 million of finished goods or 55 days; and the inventory reserves at the end of the quarter were $29 million. We now show a $388 million dividend payable on our balance sheet following our shareholder approval at the annual meeting in June. The first dividend installment of $155 million was paid on June 30, which occurred after our quarter end. We continue to generate strong cash flow across our businesses as cash from operations was $203 million during Q2. CapEx was $7 million during the quarter. Therefore, we generated free cash flow of $196 million. Cash flow from investing was essentially breakeven during the quarter due to the $7 million in CapEx offset by a $7 million net redemption of marketable securities, and financing activities provided $2 million of cash during the second quarter. We earned an average of 1.3% on all cash and marketable security balances during the quarter. We expect our strong free cash flow generation to continue throughout the year. We will use a portion of the cash flow to fund our dividend that was approved at the June 3 meeting, the June 30 payment represented $155 million, as I just mentioned. And an additional $78 million is scheduled for both September 30 and December 30 dividend payments. We also continue to focus on acquisitions in adjacent niche markets or tuck-in technologies, which fit our core markets. As has been Garmin's practice, acquisitions are evaluated by technology, value to compatibility and strategic fit with Garmin. Navigon and Tri-Tronics are great examples of executing on this strategy. Our tax rate for Q2 was 13.8%, and we expect the full year rate to be approximately 12%. Reduced effective tax rate is attributable to a change in methodology for uncertain tax positions reserves following favorable audits in both 2010 and 2011. And finally, I'd like to provide some additional detail around our updated guidance that we provided today, host by segments -- primarily by segment revenues. We saw improvement in our auto/mobile segment due primarily to the Navigon acquisition. We also wanted to highlight the significant impact of the mix shift that we are experiencing toward bundled products. Going into this year, we had forecast the deferral of approximately $0.53 of EPS. However, given our current estimate of product mix, we now expect to defer approximately $0.92 of EPS resulting in reduced EPS guidance. Without this change in product mix, our EPS would have remained at or above our earlier range.  This concludes our formal comments. We will now open the conference call up to Q&A session.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll first hear from John Bright with Avondale Partners.
John Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC: Kevin, on the deferred revenue, how and when will we see that recognized?
Kevin Rauckman: How and when will we see that recognized, maybe you want to clarify your question a little bit?
John Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC: So you're deferring it now. You're seeing the cash now. When are we going to see that?
Kevin Rauckman: Okay. Well, it's generally amortized over a 3-year period. So we're seeing that product mix increase, as I said. So we'll continue to defer. And that will likely continue to increase for several quarters. At some point in 2012, we'll see the turnaround effect. And at this point, we'll start to see EPS benefit, and we expect that will likely be sometime in the back half of 2012.
John Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC: Okay. On the cost front, in auto/mobile, where do you stand there? Are there additional opportunities to lower your cost structure in that segment?
Kevin Rauckman: If you're referring to product cost, is that what your primary question is, John?
John Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC: Yes.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, okay. So if you're looking at product costs, as we mentioned, ASPs were relatively flat. On the cost side, we would expect a year-over-year cost reduction of approximately 5% supporting our business, including auto/mobile.
John Bright - Avondale Partners, LLC: Okay. And then the last question, maybe more for Cliff, is on the competitive front within the fitness segment as well as in the outdoor segment. Are you seeing any increased competition from the likes? Everyone has talked about Nike and TomTom or are you seeing it in any other areas?
Clifton Pemble: I don't think we can say that we're able to recognize a noticeable competitive pressure right now in the fitness and the outdoor market. I think though that the fitness market is very dynamic, and there are new players coming in. So it remains to be seen in terms of what impact that could have going forward. For the outdoor market, I feel that the U.S. market right now is just the economy is just really slow. It's not good. So we probably feel that that's part of the impact in slower outdoor sales. We also have a pipeline of new products that have been introduced and waiting for delivery here in third quarter that will hopefully increase our sales going forward.
Operator: We'll take our next question from James Faucette with Pacific Crest.
James Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: I wanted to ask on your deferred revenue. Can you give us an idea as to what portion of the PND or automotive units right now are having revenue deferred on them?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think we're not really prepared to quantify how much that is, but we do see an increasing amount of our PNDs that are being bundled, which is the reason for the change in our guidance primarily. So we're not making that public, but it is increasing as we've gone through the last couple of years. You made us to remind you and other analysts and shareholders, we began deferring in 2009 at a relatively low rate and that increased in 2010, and we still see that increasing as we've gone through 2011.
James Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: So on that deferral, I guess, maybe an associated question, are you increasing the proportion of the sales price in addition to the number of units that are subject to that, or is the percentage of the sales price, if you will, been held relatively constant over that period?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. There's a lot of variables that go into the deferral, and it is quite complex. But in general, I would say, the amount that we're deferring on a bundled product has remained about the same throughout 2011.
James Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. And then, just wanted to ask, I know that specific financial details weren't released on the acquisitions. But can you give us an idea with the Navigon acquisition in particular closing in the September quarter? Can you give us an idea of how much we should expect cash balances in particular to decline as the acquisitions have closed?
Kevin Rauckman: So you want to know how much we paid for the acquisition?
James Faucette - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Well, I'm not asking for specifics on that. I'm just wondering -- you can bundle it together however you want, I just want to know what -- how we should expect the cash balance to be impacted.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I would say -- I mean, we obviously had paid a price for the company which we're really excited about. From a cash balance perspective, I would say, it's fairly neutral. I mean, the amount of revenue that Cliff mentioned was roughly USD $75 million for the last 5 months of this year, however, pretty flat on a net income perspective so really, the only difference there is the amount cash we paid for the company. We're not prepared to disclose that amount.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mark Sue, RBC Capital Markets.
Joseph Longobardi - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: This is Joe Longobardi for Mark. You highlighted share gains and better than expected performance in Europe as it relates to the PND business. What can you attribute these share gains to and do you expect to maintain that share in the mid-20s or further expansion through the back half of the year?
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think our product is very popular in terms of its features and ease of use. And we're seeing some improvement in Europe as we focus our efforts on retailer relationships, and offering products and features that appeal to each individual market. So yes, we are continuing to work hard on that. We expect to continue to increase our share and maintain that going forward.
Joseph Longobardi - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And as it relates to free cash flow generation, what are the primary uses of your future cash going forward? Or are you going to continue to look at acquisitions and would you be interested -- or would you consider further increases in dividend going forward?
Kevin Rauckman: As we mentioned during our formal remarks, yes, the acquisition strategy is still intact, and we're looking for additional opportunities there. But the primary use of cash flow will just be, I think, working capital should be relatively neutral. So it gets down to dividends and other uses, potentially share buybacks, but I would say dividend is the primary use of the cash in the near term.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Can I just ask one -- it's Mark Sue, sorry, jumping in. Can I just ask one last question on the mechanics of the GAAP accounting? If the -- should we basically be thinking mathematically of taking $0.15 to $0.35 and adding that to our calendar '12 estimates or maybe how we should think about the number change for calendar '11 and then calendar '12?
Kevin Rauckman: No, it's difficult just to add for 2012 because as I mentioned, we're looking at 3-year amortization. Again, there's lots of variables based on the bundling of our products with lifetime maps to the actual amount that we deferred. So it's not as simple as just adding the 2012. As you know, we haven't given any 2012 estimates at this point. But I would caution you to just adding that into 2012.
Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Should we -- 2012 being higher EPS versus [indiscernible] I mean, at least?
Kevin Rauckman: I think there's some forecast that we've evaluated internally, and it would suggest that the turnaround effect when we start to give some positive benefit on EPS would occur late in 2012, and that's about as good as we can do right now from a timing perspective.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll hear next from Simona Jankowski with Goldman Sachs.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a follow-up first and then my question. And the follow up is just on the units. Would you be able to break down the PND units specifically rather than the overall units?
Kevin Rauckman: We're generally not giving a breakdown of units by PND. As we talked about, roughly 3.8 million total units. Clearly, the PND is still a large part of the auto/mobile, so a large part of our overall business. But we're not prepared to give the exact number.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then in terms of the question, just curious in terms of your assessment of the overall PND market. I think you commented that it's pretty much unchanged since your views in February. And in the meantime, we've obviously had quite a bit of a weakening in both in the economy and demand for consumer electronics, and certainly TomTom did revise down their view of the overall market. So can you just expand on why your views might differ? Is it related to the share gains you've seen in Europe?
Clifton Pemble: I think, Simona, our view hasn't changed. I think at the beginning of the year, we probably were more conservative about what we expected to see in the market. We weren't as -- didn't have as rosy an outlook that would require us to change our view at this point. So the outlook that we had at the beginning has been holding true. And so as a result, we didn't need to change our outlook on PND going forward.
Simona Jankowski - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. So then in terms of just North America, from the overall market perspective, I think, they had assessed it at down 30% this year. Is that consistent with how you see it?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think our view is probably somewhere in the 25% range for market size decline in North America. And in Europe, we are still seeing, in total, a high single-digit to about 10% kind of decline still going on there. But because of the share gains that we have experienced in Europe, our overall unit volumes are up there, as we mentioned, 6%.
Operator: We'll move to our next question from Rich Valera with Needham.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: With respect to your full-year gross margin guidance of $45 million to $46 million, it seems like that implies a pretty sharp decline on the auto gross margin in the back half of the year since I think your other categories are all going to be sort of flat or up from the second quarter. So I was wondering if you could add any color on what drives that pretty significant decline in auto implied in your full year gross margin guidance?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, you are correct. We are predicting a lower gross margin on the PND and auto/mobile segment overall. A very tough margin, we typically see especially going into the holiday season. So I think we'll see a slight reduction in margin in Q3, and then a larger reduction in Q4 as we have the auto/mobile. We did mention that we expect some benefit on those fitness and marine margins as we come into the back half of the year. Those should come back up and improve a little bit in the back half, and aviation, I think, will retain pretty close to that existing margin right now.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company, LLC: Great. And with respect to your auto OEM business, I'm wondering if can you talk about where that is relative to your expectations entering the year and if you can give us any updated color in terms of the size or growth rate of that business?
Clifton Pemble: I think right now, it's tracking to our expectations. We experienced strong growth in the first half of the year, as the key programs that we've been delivering on with Chrysler have been a big part of the growth story there. In the back half, that will, of course, comp against the last year's, so we would expect growth to flatten out, and overall, the growth in that segment has been in the 25% to 30% range. We haven't quantified the dollars there. It's essentially north of $100 million type of range, but we don't give specifics in terms of where it currently is and where it's going.
Operator: We'll hear next from Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: A question on the acquisition. You said it's going to add about $80 million of revenue in the second half of the year. About how much does it add to OpEx and overall are those acquisitions are going to be dilutive in the near term to corporate margins?
Kevin Rauckman: I think, in general, you should assume about a $30 million OpEx increase due to the combination of those 2 businesses. We do -- as I mentioned earlier, we're expecting roughly neutral on EPS due to Navigon acquisition this year. They will be accretive next year. And Tri-Tronics will be accretive immediately in 2011.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. And in terms of Navigon, can you give us a sense of how the revenue is going to be distributed between OEM and non-OEM business?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, we really don't want to break out in any further granularity with this Navigon business other than we're excited about all 3 parts of their business -- the mobile, OEM and the PND components.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Got it. And then one last question on PNDs. Can you give us a sense of how kind of early talks are going for the holiday season and the type of support you expect see for the category come December and November?
Clifton Pemble: I think Q4 is shaping up, again, really according to the plan that we had in place at the beginning of the year. Retailers are committed to the category, in fact, major resets are going to be happening here in August and September in preparation for the back half of the year. So we feel like everything is running on track to what we expected.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Securities.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Another question on the deferred revenue. So in your guidance, you already assumed that you're differing revenues on things like lifetime maps but since the adoption is higher, can you talk about more of the per unit dynamics obviously if someone chooses a bundled solution, it would displace maybe a onetime software sale.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, as I mentioned earlier, we're not planning to give any further detail on that other than that mix of bundles. And there's also more than just lifetime maps, there's traffic, and some other components of our business that are more long-term in nature that we have to differ revenues on but that mix of product that is bundled now has increased which is why we changed our numbers this morning.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Securities Inc.: But essentially, the bundled, you've already been assuming the deferral of that, so it's the one-time software sales that, that displaces that you lose out on since it's being deferred now.
Kevin Rauckman: Essentially. Yes, we're having to defer both pieces, both the standalone lifetime maps that we sell which are deferred over the product life cycle as well as the bundled with PNDs and that's settled with PNDs.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Securities Inc.: Okay. On the fitness segment, any egress on the tour there but can you talk about maybe what the global opportunities are, how you're regionally penetrated there to just Europe and North America and you still see some regional opportunities in that segment?
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think each region has its own dynamic. Europe has been strong for both running products and cycling products in particular, whereas North America has been strongest in the running product category with some growth in biking. We did see growth in Asia as well, and places like Australia and other countries that are embracing bike products as well. Those markets, like all of our other markets, are typically smaller than the other 2 regions.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Paul Coster, JPMorgan.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co: I feel like I'm beating a dead horse here on the deferral point but, Kevin, can you just confirm the reason why it's been difficult for you to predict these deferrals? Is it the mix shift was a surprise to you? And do you also sense that the deferral peaks in the next couple of quarters?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I think the answer to both of those questions, yes, the percentage of customers who are choosing to buy PND bundled lifetime maps has increased more than what we had originally thought going into the year. And in terms of the peaking, I mentioned earlier, the prices that we're deferring or the amount of revenue we're differing really isn't increasing per unit but we do expect that we'll get a benefit or turnaround in the midpoint or back half of 2012 before we start to see some earnings per share benefit there.
Paul Coster - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And the delta here is all being associated with the PND auto segment not with any of the other segments?
Kevin Rauckman: That's correct, yes. That's correct.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Charlie Anderson with Dougherty & Company.
Charlie Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC: If I look at the fitness segment, I know you guys grew 25% year-over-year, but the operating income was only up I think 3%. As the growth rate start to slow there a little bit, I wonder sort of when we see operating leverage. I know there were sort of some one-time benefits a year ago but if you could just kind of talk about the growth rate of your profitability in that segment, that'll be great.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. I think we do -- we were selling through some end-of-life products in second quarter, which did impact our gross margin from an operating expense perspective. But we're expecting our total business to flatten out on a year-over-year level, essentially our operating expenses should not be increasing as we go through the back half of the year. Overall, we did have, as we mentioned, some one-time -- more one-time costs in the Q2 perspective. The other thing is that, as you know, Charlie, we do allocate a percentage of our operating expenses based on sales. Fitness has become really a fast growing segment at 25%. It's a larger percentage of some of our operating expenses, which do impact our operating margin.
Charlie Anderson - Dougherty & Company LLC: Got it. And then, on aviation, I'm wondering if you can kind of just talk broadly about some of the trends you're seeing there in terms of ordering patterns? And then, also, just update us on your progress toward Part 25. That'd be great.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I think, Charlie, we don't really disclose things like bookings or that kind of thing. So we're not really prepared to talk about ordering patterns per se. But in terms of our performance in the quarter, as I mentioned, the retrofit market was particularly strong, indicating that the people are stepping up to equip their aircraft, and that strength was across our product line, not just in new product introduction, so we felt very positive about the results in the retrofit side. The OEM side, as we mentioned, is flat, and that's a little more longer term predictability because aircraft makers are scheduling their bills, and we can kind of see into the future that we don't really see any turnaround like I mentioned in my comments. But that said, we are continuing to make progress in Part 25, working on some programs. And as I mentioned, those are on track. We would expect those to appear in the 2013 timeframe in terms of our revenue contributions.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Ben Bollin with Cleveland Research.
Benjamin Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: If you look at that $8 million in bad debt and legal, the one-time, could you explain a little bit about what that was, why it's different or why you were surprised by that?
Kevin Rauckman: Well we had one -- on the bad debt, we had one distributor in particular that went through Chapter 11 that was not anticipated in the quarter and that impacted about $5 million. And then, the rest was related to some defense, some patent infringement cases which are now behind us. And so we -- between those two major costs, we were able to identify those as nonrecurring in nature.
Benjamin Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: And if you look at the deferred revenue itself, how much was actually recognized for 2Q that had been deferred previously?
Kevin Rauckman: We don't break that. You mean the amount that we amortized for prior periods? Is that what you're asking?
Benjamin Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Right, which was recognized as revenue in the quarter.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. We just give the net number, which was the $62 million of sales or $44 million of net income. We don't break down the amount that was amortized from prior periods.
Benjamin Bollin - Cleveland Research Company: Okay. And last question, looking at -- you talked about the marine and fitness profitability normalizing in the back half. For both of those come, are you saying that back half margins normalize to kind of comparable period year-on-year or just the back half offset some of the softness that you saw in 2Q so that the full year gets that much better?
Kevin Rauckman: No. Actually, just saying that sequentially, we should see some improvement as we go through the back half of the year both on marine and also on fitness.
Operator: Moving on, we'll hear from Tavis McCourt with Morgan Keegan.
Tavis McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Just a clarification. Kevin, when you mention you expect some of the impacts to deferred revenue to normalize in the back half of 2012 is what you're saying you expect what is amortizing off the balance sheet at that point to equal what you are deferring?
Kevin Rauckman: No. Actually we're saying that the EPS impact on a year-over-year basis will start to be beneficial to us as we go into the back half of 2012 is our best estimate at this point.
Tavis McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Okay. And then secondly, I'm not 100% my numbers are correct here, but it looks like SG&A was up pretty significantly sequentially and year-over-year, ex advertising. Is that correct? And if so, what is the drivers of that?
Kevin Rauckman: You're saying SG&A only?
Tavis McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Yes.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, it was up significantly by about $8 million of that impact or increase year-over-year was these legal and bad debt expenses, so that would have been much closer to your Q2 2010 number without those.
Tavis McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Right. And then, the $30 million you indicated for the OpEx associated with the acquisitions, was that for the full back half of the year or on a quarterly basis or annualized?
Kevin Rauckman: No, that was just the full back half, or the Q3/Q4 impact.
Tavis McCourt - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Combined?
Kevin Rauckman: Combined, total, yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from J. B. Groh with D.A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Just a couple of clarification points. Kevin, is that $8 million on your segment reporting basis, is that all in automotive and mobile or is it spread amongst the different segments?
Kevin Rauckman: Those primary costs were almost exclusively in the auto/mobile segment.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. That's good. Okay. It seems to me that the product development effort has kind of been stepped up here. Can you give us an indication that I think you used to in terms of the contribution from new products?
Kevin Rauckman: No. I think we've discontinued giving that detail probably a year ago. I think full point we made is that we have dozens of new products that are being introduced, and we still have a significant percentage of our revenues coming from new products every year. We just don't believe that that's a metric that we needed to share with everyone just because of where we stand in the various segments that we serve.
J. B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Right. Okay. And then, can you talk in terms of Navigon, the seasonality of that business? Is it sort of lineup with the automotive/mobile?
Kevin Rauckman: In general, it's pretty close to that, yes.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jeff Rath with Canaccord Genuity.
Jeff Rath - Canaccord Genuity: First question here is just on auto/mobile segment. As the industry continues to shrink by volume and by revenue, can you share with us what you're doing to make sure that the cost structure that was previously dedicated to PNDs is either rationalized or spread? I don't know if it's color you can give us on utilization rates on your factories? Or what steps are you taking to protect the consolidated operating and gross margins against sort of broader margin pressures, as that business continues to shrink? And then, I had a follow-up.
Clifton Pemble: Yes, I should probably take that. Jeff, I think as the volumes in our factories have come down, we have scaled our workforce to match the volumes that our business is experiencing. So that part is already taken care of. In terms of product development and R&D expenses, we are -- as the market evolves, we are, of course, matching our product roadmap to be responsive to the conditions in the market so that we're focusing on the most important product introductions and investing our efforts in those. And for the resources that are left over, we've been shifting some of those to other market segments as we have growth needs in the areas where we're investing such as OEM development across markets like automotive as well as marine and aviation.
Jeff Rath - Canaccord Genuity: I guess as a follow-up to that, Cliff, and this might just be require some clarification on my part. As you're no longer expanding capacity in PNDs, how does that affect your tax ability as it relates in those regions? Is this something which has a tax holiday based on CapEx that eventually kind of amortizes and potentially you're facing higher tax rates in certain jurisdictions? Is that -- any color you can provide would be helpful.
Clifton Pemble: Sure. I think we talked about a 12% tax rate this year, and there's a lot of moving parts to the tax rate based on the profitability on the various regions that we're in. In general, if we're in a period where we are seeing increasing revenues or increasing units, that definitely helps our overall tax rate. If we're in a period where the revenue or units are declining, it tends to put more pressure on tax rate. In 2011, though, in particular, we've had some reserves that we were able to, after going through tax audits, we were able to give up. So that's actually helped our rate. If we were to see a year, next year where there might some declining revenues that might push -- that would likely push up our tax rate overall. So in general, long-term, next 2 to 3 years, we would expect our tax rate to come in between 12% and 15%. Again, depending on the regional profitability on the different countries [ph] we serve.
Jeff Rath - Canaccord Genuity: Great. And just one follow-up if I can sneak one in there. Cliff or -- sorry, Kevin, you talked about the deferral now expected to be -- I think, it was $0.92 a share for the full year 2011. Are you able to share with us, and maybe I've missed it somewhere, what that equivalent deferral would have been in 2010 for the full year, just so we can get an idea of how that -- the rate of change there?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I'd have to go back and look at the full year 2010. We can give that to you offline, Jeff. I do have the data, I just don't have it right in front of me.
Operator: And it appears that is all the time we have today for questions. I'll turn the conference back over to Kevin Rauckman for any additional or closing remarks.
Kevin Rauckman: Okay. Just to wrap up, thanks, everyone, for contributing to our call, and we'll look forward to catching up with everyone next quarter. Thanks very much.
Operator: That does conclude today's conference. Thank you, all, once again for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-06 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston – Manager, IR Cliff Pemble – President and COO Kevin Rauckman – CFO and Treasurer
Analysts: Vivek Arya – Merrill Lynch Jeff Evanson – Dougherty Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets John Bright – Avondale Partners Reik Read – Robert Baird Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Morgan Securities Paul Coster – J.P. Morgan Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to today’s webcast. All lines have been placed on mute and this event will be recorded. There will be a verbal Q&A session at the end of today’s presentation. At that time, the operator will instruct you on how to ask a live question. (Operator instructions) Again, today’s event is being recorded. We’ll pause for a moment to initiate the recording. Ladies and gentlemen, please standby. Welcome to the first quarter 2009 earnings call for Garmin Limited. At this time, I would now like to turn the event over to Kerri Thurston. Please go ahead.
Kerri Thurston: Good morning, we’d like to welcome you to Garmin Limited’s first quarter 2009 earnings call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin’s Investor Relation site on the internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides which can be viewed during the call. An archive of the webcast will be available until June 8, 2009 and the telephone recording will be available two business days following this call. A transcript to this call will be available on the Web site within 48 hours under the events calendar task. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market share, product introductions, future demand for our products, and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actually results may differ materially as the result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning those risk factors is contained in our Form10-K for the fiscal year until December 27th, 2008 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending today’s call on behalf of Garmin Limited are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning’s call are Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. At this time, I’d like to turn the all over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Good morning! As you’ve read from our press release this morning, Garmin announced first quarter results that reflect the very difficult macroeconomic conditions facing the company. As we noted in February, we expected 2009 to be the most difficult year in our history and has definitely started out that way. Against this backdrop we do see positives in our financial performance. While revenues fell 34%, our consolidated gross margins were 45% as higher-margin business segments contributed a higher percentage of revenue. EPS while down significantly, was $0.25 per share, excluding the effects of foreign currency. And we were able to generate $286 million of free cash flow and remain at that (inaudible). From a business perspective, we have continued to outpace the competition as our global PND market share increased 2% in fourth quarter to 37%. And our North American market share remained above 50%. Our outdoor fitness segment posted year-over-year revenue growth of 13%, driven by growth in the fitness category. We also increased our penetration at OEMs across the marine, automotive, and aviation segments, as OEMs recognized the strength and value of our product offering. I’ll discuss this in further detail in a few minutes. Reviewing our business by segment, in the automobile segment our revenue declined 43% in the first quarter, as retailers around the world had been reducing there inventory levels. We also experienced a steep, but we believe temporary decline in ASP as price protection was offered major retailers to help clear inventories. On a sell end basis North American units declined 5% year-over-year. But the declines in Europe were much steeper at 32% year-over-year. The outdoor fitness segment continued to post growth with revenues up to 13% over the prior year. Our product lineup in both outdoor and fitness continues to outperform the competition, resulting in further market share gains and penetration. Revenues from our aviation segment decline 31% in the quarter much as we anticipated going into the year. The decline was across the entire product line impacting OEM, retrofit, and portable products. And finally, revenues from the marine segment declined 32% as we faced the on going downturn affecting the entire marine industry. On the positive side, we have secured a number of new OEM relationships, which will help offset the revenue declines in the retail side of the marine business. While the over all economic news has been mostly negative, we do see some positive indications. For example, on the automobile segment, it is important to note that the retail sell trough in them in the North American market continue to grow on a year-over-year basis. As retail inventory levels have reached a low point, we expect to sell in to the channels to trend more inline with sell through. This combined with improving AST’s will positively impact revenues and margins in this segment going forward. We do expect a full year decline in units in Europe due to the market maturity and economic slow down affecting that region. As we look at the non PMV segments, we expect growth in the outdoor fitness segment to slow for the remainder of the year due to the strength of this segment in 2008. We remain excited about the new four other products coming in the market in the second quarter, an additional product introduction throughout the year. This will help upset slowing growth in the category. In aviation and marine, we’ll be focusing on stabilizing our revenues and margins as we continue to win new OEM partners and completed additional certifications of the G1000 as a retrofit solution. In spite of the economic impacts on our business, our strategy remains intact. We are focused on long term growth opportunities and product innovations to further extend our market leadership in navigation and communication. Next, I’d like to brief you on some recent product introductions. We’ve recently introduced a new family of nuvi products with 1200 and 1300 series with an updated form factor and new features. We also slim design on these new product family. It’s 25% thinner than the previous generation products making these devices even more portable. These devices also offer pedestrians navigation enables to our city explorer maps, which can be purchased and downloaded by the user. After downloading, the nuvi can be used for navigating the public transit systems in selected cities around the world. In addition, we’ve introduced the nuvi 1490T, which combines a five-inch screen with the new slimmer form factor and is perfect for customers who wish to have a larger screen without sacrificing portability. The 1490T offers premium features such as traffic, lane assists with junction view, and the ability to download to city explorer maps. And finally, in the automobile segment, we are pleased to announce our OEM relationship with Chrysler. Garmin has been selected to provide en dash navigation for the 2011 model Jeep Grand Cherokee. The navigation will be combined with Chrysler’s Uconnect radio on a 6.5-inch touch screen display. This is an exciting collaboration that started some time ago. And we look forward to helping Chrysler rebuild and grow their business in the future. We recently introduced two new products in our fitness category. The Forerunner 310XT was specifically designed with the triathlete in mind. The 310XT is water proof to adapt to 50 meters and has an optional quick release bracket so it can easily be moved from bike to the wrist. It also incorporates our ant bust technologies providing wireless con activity to a heart rate monitor, foot pod, power meter, third party fitness equipment, and the users PC or Mac. In addition, we introduced a new model in our Forerunner family, the 405CX. Based on the feedback from our customers, the 405CX offers two primary upgrades, improved caloric computation, and improved comfort. The caloric computations are based on algorithms developed by exercise scientist and world class athletes proving improved accuracy. Comfort has been enhanced through the choice of two form fitting wrist bands to accommodate both large and small wrist sizes. We’ve made several important OEM announcements in early 2009. On the marine’s front, we have announced relationships with EdgeWater Powerboats. Garmin has been selected to be the exclusive navigation provider on EdgeWater’s full line of powerboats. Next is Ferryline Boats. Ferryline is equipping their boats with the Garmin Marine Network, which includes our 15-inch touch screen chart (inaudible), high definition radars, VHF radios, and the recently released GHP10BE autopilot. This equipment will be standard on the 2010 yacht range. And finally, there is GulfCraft Inc. We will provide a full range of products to GulfCraft for the 2010 line of Silver Craft and Oryx brand fiberglass boat yacht. Our aviation foot print continues to expand as well. We’ve recently announced expanded relationships with Piper on a meridian a six feet turboprop aircraft and Sirius on the vision SF50 personal jet, which is in development. And finally, there is Caniar [ph]. We recently achieved supplemental type certification for Garmin G1000 in the Caniar 200 and V200 aircraft for the retrofit market. And finally, turning to nuvi phone, we can report that we have made significant progress in the testing and certification of the devices in preparation for carrier and retail launches. We remain confident in the appeal of location centric devices for the smart phone market and are actively working on distribution and pressing arrangements. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Kevin who would provide a more detail look at our first quarter results.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I just want to lock down the financial results for the first quarter. Starting with the income statement, you can see that we recognized revenue and Q1of $437 million net income of $49 million, which represents earnings per share of $0.25 excluding foreign currency loss. So we see a 34% top line decline and a 64% earnings per share decreases excluding the FX. Our effective tax rate yet remains consistent with the first quarter of ‘08 at 19% during the period. Growth margin came in at 44.9%, which was better than expected due to the increased contribution of our higher margin outdoor business, aviation, and marine segments. However, operating income fell 56% to $58 million, compared to $173 million in 2008. Our operating margins of 13.3% were down from 26% last year as revenues fell. The gross margin, 330 bases points, unfavorable. Our advertising expense was 40 bases points favorable and down $15 million on a year over year basis. Other SG&A were 170 bases points, unfavorable as our cost on this area were flat on a year over year basis. And R&D was unfavorable by 510 bases points with an increase of $6 million year-over-year. The unit shift during Q1, declined 13 % year over year as the 2.4 million units we’ve shift were delivered during the quarter. Strength on outdoor fitness was offset by declines in all the other segments. In our total company average selling price was $181 per unit, down 24% from the same couriers from 2008. However, this was up 10% from the $165 AFP we announced in the fourth quarter of ‘08. So clearly, our financial results were primarily impacted by the reduction in sales both sequential and year-over-year. We did decrease our operating expenses by $56million sequentially but this was not enough to offset the significant decline in sales. However, we believed that the first quarter marks the low point for operating margins during 2009 and would increase sales volumes during the remainder of the year, profitability will improve. The non-GAAP measures were reported this morning include net income excluding effects of foreign currency. This impact was $0.01 per share, unfavorable during the period and $0.02 per share, unfavorable for Q1 2008. During Q1, we experienced the 43% of revenue decline with in the automobile segment while the shipments decline in that segment 16%. Our outdoor fitness segment continue to grow with a 13% revenue increases when compared to Q1 of ‘08 with the fitness category continuing to drive the growth. Aviation segment revenue fell 31%, compared to Q1 of 2008 with decline in all portions of the business, the OEM, retrofit, and portable products. Marine segment revenues fell 32% compared to first quarter of 08. In total our revenue has declined 34% during the first quarter. During Q1 all geographies slowed on a year-over-year basis due to the impact of the continued world wide economic slowdown. Unit shipment in North America were almost doubled that of Europe. However, the North American PND market for Garmin still shrank by 5% in the first quarter on it’s fell in bases. The automobile segment represents 59% of our total business, turn to Q1 2009, and it was down from 68% in 2008. Outdoor fitness yield to 18% of revenues in the quarter, a seven percentage points increased from 2008. Revenues by geography were relatively stable as all geography experienced similar declines in revenue. The low end units sales of PNDs accounted for approximately 85% of the total. The low end revenue of our PNDs account for about 80% of the total. So that 85%, 80% relationship product mix, compares to 80% and 70%, respectively during Q1 ‘08. Looking next at margins by segment, our Q1 automobile gross margin and operating margin were 32% and 2%, respectively. Margins were negatively impacted by the AFP decline, which is a result of price per catch in credit offered to our retail partners and significant channel inventory reductions. Margins are expected to improve in Q2 as pricing rebounds and volumes are improved. Our first quarter outdoor fitness gross margin was 61%, up 8% over the last year, due to product mix and a slight increase in our average selling price. Operating margins also increase year-over-year to 35%, which was up eight percentage points, but down 2% sequentially due to lower volumes. Q1 aviation gross margin was 69%, up 5% from prior year and 2%, sequentially due to product mix. In the operating margin within our aviation segment was 24% for the quarter primarily due to flat research and development costs on a lower volume. Our Q1 Marine gross margin improved to 60% as product mix improved operating margins however were down from a year ago quarter at 28% at sales pan unit volume declined. These margins are improved from our fourth quarter 2008 due to seasonality within the segment. Looking next at our over all operating expenses, our Q1 operating expenses were down $9 million on a year-over-year bases from $147 million in the first quarter of ‘08 to $138 million in the first quarter of ’09, but increased 940 bases points as a percentage of sales due to revenue declines. As I’ve mention earlier, R&D increased $6 million year over year and was up 510 bases points to 12.6% of sales. We now employ almost 1800 engineers and engineer associates world wide and remain committed to protecting product innovation in the future. Our Ad spending decrease $15 million over a year ago quarter and 40 bases points as a percentage of sales from 5.7% to 5.3% in the first quarter of ‘09. We will continue to manage our advertising expense based on the macro economic conditions. Other SG&A was flat compared to a year ago quarter that increased of 470 bases points to 13.7% of sales from 9% a year ago as our sales declined. On a sequential basis, other SG&A declined $23 million due to the fourth quarter bad debt expense incurred by the company. Moving next to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash at marketable securities of over $1.2 billion. Our accounts receivable decreased by a sequential bases to $420 million as we collected on sales made during the holiday quarter. Accounts receivable accounted for approximately 47 days of sales, down significantly over 2008. Our inventory balances continue to decrease and came down $72 million to $353 million as we continue to focus our inventory and production management. Our days with the inventory metric decreased 79 days at the end of 2008 to 73 days at the end of Q1 primarily in our finished goods inventory. At the end of Q1, we hold $137 million in raw materials, which is 26 days of inventory; $35 million in WIP and assemblies for seven days of inventory; $209 million in our finished goods inventory of 40 days; and, we hold $28 million in inventory reserves. While pleased with our level of inventory reduction, we anticipate it will increase in Q2 as we move in into a busier selling season. We will continue to manage the supply chain appropriately given our economic conditions. And it is our goal to have adequate inventory to support customer needs. However, we intend to carry the right level and mix of inventory to minimize the risk of obsolescence. Retail channel inventory has become very lean as retailers continue to reduce their inventory exposure and conserve their cash. We believe that channel inventory will not go lower than where we end in Q1. Moving on to cash flow, we had another solid quarter of cash flow and saw $299 million cash from operations during the period. We spent $13 million of CapEx and our free cash flow during Q1 was $286 million. We also invested $66 million use of cash during the period, again $13 million of CapEx, $52 million net purchases of marketable securities and $1 million acquisitions of businesses and intangibles. Cash flow from financing was a $2 million use of cash during the period and we earned an average of 1.8% on all cash and marketable securities balances during Q1. Finally, Garmin repurchased 117,600 shares during the quarter using $2 million of cash. And a reminder, we repurchased 17.1 million shares during 2008 using approximately $672 million. Our current authorization allows for $256 million to be used to repurchased through the end of December 31, 2009. And Garmin intends to be an active buyer of those shares as business and market conditions warrant. As I mentioned earlier, our tax rate for the quarter was 19% and we currently expect this to be right for the full year of 2009. So that's the financial summary for our first quarter at this point. Customary, we like to open up the lines for any questions that you might have.
Kerri Thurston: Anita, would you like to go ahead and queue the first question?
Operator: (Operator instructions) We’ll pause for a moment to compile the queue in a roster. Your first question is from the line of Vivek Arya. Sir, your line is open.
Vivek Arya – Merrill Lynch: Hi. Can you hear me now?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, Vivek. Go ahead.
Vivek Arya – Merrill Lynch: Okay. Good morning. As we go later in the year and auto becomes a bigger part of the mix, do you see pressure on the gross margins? For example, last year's gross margins peaked in Q1, and then they were almost down 700 bits by the fourth quarter.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. We would anticipate that margins in the fourth quarter at the end of the year would typically cycle down. However, in the near term in Q2 and Q3, we don’t anticipate as much movement there because of the – because we mentioned, we think ASPs will come up and rebound slightly in Q2 and Q3. That’s the typical seasonality that we see at the fourth quarter and down throughout the year.
Vivek Arya – Merrill Lynch: And secondly, how do we get a sense of channel inventory? I know that absolute inventory is coming down but sell through has not been that encouraging. So is it possible that the channel is actually well-stocked already? And what metrics do you actually use to measure where you are in channel? Is it weeks of forward inventory like – how do you measure where you are in the channel?
Kevin Rauckman: Well actually, let me clarify or correct one statement just to make sure everyone's clear. From a sell through basis, we actually have seen growth in the North American market on PND. So even though selling was disappointing because of the reduction of the channel inventory, sell through has increased. So what we typically do is we measure from our major retailers consistent both inventory levels and sell-in versus sell through, as we have pretty good visibility there and we have seen a pretty significant reduction during the Q1 period. As many of these national retailers have cut their inventory, in some cases as much as in half during the period., so we believe – as we’ve said, we believe we’re at the low period and we should see sell-in and sell through track pretty closely the rest of the year.
Vivek Arya – Merrill Lynch: I see. And in the last year if you look, sales are down but OpEx is down only 6%. You’re obviously investing in R&D, but marketing spending is going down. So how do you draw the right balance between increasing R&D versus increasing marketing? And what metrics do you use to see if that's the right mix?
Kevin Rauckman: I think that's the challenge that we have throughout the year, that we try to do everything we can to minimize increases in the variable cost of our business. So that included advertising clearly, and our marketing expenses. As we mentioned, we have held marketing or other SG&A flat year-over-year. One thing that we're not planning on doing is cutting our R&D. We really view that that's still important for the, as we mentioned product innovation in future technology. So we’d like to manage the advertising and other SG&A lines as best as we can. And as I mentioned, those numbers came down, overall operating expenses came down %56 million from Q4 to Q1.So we've done a good of a job that we could do given the currently economic environment.
Vivek Arya – Merrill Lynch: And this is the last question, just the longer term strategic type question. Is the future of Garmin in auto-PND or is it in smart phones with embedded GPS capability? And if it is in smart phones, are you dedicating enough resources to that effort and when can we actually see the products out in the market? Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Vivek, this is Cliff. We believe that all these markets are good, valid markets going forward. We're investing in new areas, as we mentioned in the OEM side to be able to have a penetration on that market. And of course, we've been investing in the smart phone side as well to be able to participate in that market as well. For R&D growth that we've mentioned, much of that growth is actually in the mobile and the automotive areas in order to be able to sustain those markets going forward.
Vivek Arya – Merrill Lynch: Cliff, just to have a quick follow up on that, the nuvi phone was announced I think some time last year. What have been the reasons for the delays? Is it technical? Is it carrier testing relationships? If you could just give us some color around that.
Cliff Pemble: Smart phones are really complicated devices and bringing one to market that's built totally from the ground up on a custom Linux platform is not an easy task. We certainly haven’t performed to our expectations, but we believe we have a very unique device and we still have a lot of interest in the device from carriers. So we're working hard right now to complete the certification and we believe we're getting close to the end.
Vivek Arya – Merrill Lynch: Thanks and good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Evanson of Dougherty. Mr. Evanson, your line is open.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: Sorry about that. Good morning, everybody.
Kevin Rauckman: Morning.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: I guess a couple of question here. Cliff, you mentioned that North American sales were up year-over-year. Is that units or dollars?
Cliff Pemble: Sorry. Are you talking about automotives?
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: Yes, automobile.
Cliff Pemble: I believe we said that sell-in to the channel in North America was down 5%.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: No. Sell through, Cliff. Sorry.
Cliff Pemble: Yes. Sell through is a – we're seeing trends up in the range of around 20%.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: Okay. And how much benefit do you think you got from Circuit City being in liquidation mode? Sorry, not benefit but of that measure? Which benefit do you think you got just from Circuit City being in liquidation mode?
Kevin Rauckman: We don’t believe that there was much impact there.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: Okay.
Cliff Pemble: We didn’t get any benefit.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: No, but North American used it.
Kevin Rauckman: I think what you saw there is what typically would have been sold through – Circuit moved to other retailers. So we don’t really view that there's much benefit there.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: No. I know that your quarter didn’t benefit. Your quarter was actually hurt by it. I'm questioning the overall North American market growth. But I understand it's difficult to read through.
Cliff Pemble: We're looking at the sell through data on the major retailers that are active in the market now, not the ones that aren’t active. And just taking into the account the people that are in the market today, the growth is still there excluding Circuit City. So we still feel like the market is growing.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: Okay. And then Cliff, you made comments about the EU market, which obviously was weak. And you attributed that to the level of penetration in the EU. When do you think we’ll achieve that penetration level in the North America? Where do you think penetration can go a lot higher in North America compared to the EU?
Cliff Pemble: The penetration questions are kind of tricky because everybody has been debating what the right penetration is in Europe for a long time. And even today, people will say that there's markets that are under-penetrated there. Typically, the US markets has been a year, a year and a half behind that of Europe. And of course, everything is complicated right now by the economic conditions. So it's hard to say what the ultimate penetration number or the right penetration number it is.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: Kind of a question both for Cliff and for Kevin. You are at a run rate to spend between $225 million and $230 million on R&D this year. Are you comfortable that that's the right level?
Kevin Rauckman: We feel like we need to increase over the – we had this $206 million last year. So the number you made out is pretty close to what we would expect. And yes, we believe that that's the right number. If we had a different economic environment, we might even spend more. But we're trying to be a rational as we can in today's market and still grow for future.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: So when I look at this Q1 spending level of about $55 million, I should not assume that there's any real seasonality in that number, like it was being elevated in Q1 for some products work you're doing.
Kevin Rauckman: No. There's no unusual seasonality. We would expect to monitor at a very slight growth in that throughout the rest of the year.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: All right. Okay. And then my last question, Kevin this I think would be a great time to get some kind of sense about fixed versus variable cause in the automobile segment. These are very rough calculations but I'm coming up with something like maybe $50 million to $70 million per quarter in fixed cost in automobile split between cost of goods sold and SG&A. Can you give us any color on that?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we generally don’t go into that level of detail. But as you can see from what we did not only in the automobile but across our business, that we do have quite a few variable costs and I just commented earlier on that that’s advertising. Crawford’s advertising for example was volume independent. And then there's other decisions that we made recently just given a relatively flat to slightly down market. That we’re not going to invest in those areas. So clearly, still a lot of variable cost. But I think, like you said that the operating margins in Q1 should be the low point, we would expect those to increase Q2 and then beyond throughout the rest of the year.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: True. One quick follow up question, how much do you think ASPs were down in the quarter and how much of that was due to the kind of one time items of price protection and readjusting? What's the products in the channel?
Kevin Rauckman: I would say we would typically would have expected our PND-ASPs to slightly come up with the next but were down a little bit. So I think that was one of the impacts on sales that traditionally we have price protection every period. So nothing really abnormal over what we would have seen for example in Q1 of ’08. We do, in early trends in Q2, see ASPs coming back up. So to our point earlier about ASPs rebounding, I think we got some five weeks or so of data to support that.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: Can you give us some kind of magnitude on that impact?
Kevin Rauckman: I think for the year we still expect ASPs within the PND or out of level segment to come down about 15%. Clearly that's been above that in Q1 so they should moderate the figure through the rest of the year. But 15% seems reasonable.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amir Rozwadowski of Barclays Capital.
Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital: Thank you very much. And good morning, gentlemen.
Clifton Pemble: Good morning.
Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital: Just talking about end demand market, recognizing that you folks are still seeing growth in the North American market. I was wondering, as we progress through the year, do you expect the North American market to continue to add in terms on end demand growth or do you expect perhaps a re-acceleration in growth as we progress through the year?
Kevin Rauckman: I think if you look at some of the market researches out there, you can sense that the overall unit growth could be in North America’s up is 18% to 20%. And I think we have more difficult talks in the first half of the year that we do in the back half of the year. So if you look at some of the researches out there, you would suggest that the back half, – you might get a higher growth on an overall year-over-year basis. But that’s very difficult to deal with the – I uncertainties about that right now.
Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital: That’s helpful, Kevin. And then perhaps more broadly, as we’ve seen some of the trends in Europe and perhaps in North America with channel tightening, do you see the same level of support for the overall category from your retail partners as you’ve seen in the past? Or how should we think about that level of support?
Cliff Pemble: I think we’re s till seeing a very strong support from our retailers. We’re seeing some improvement actually in positioning as some of the smaller and weaker players are leaving the market. So in general, it still seems that there’s good support for the category. And of course everybody’s just uncertain about the economic conditions right now which is causing people to want to try to keep inventories low and so forth.
Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital: But on that premise, Cliff, should we think that the channel inventory levels should return to levels that you – the channels enjoyed in the past or just still – maybe there are some uptakes, but still some of the caution on the inventory.
Cliff Pemble: As we said, we think we hit a bottom point in terms of channel inventory. And we don’t really anticipate that there’s going to be a big uptake in that or maybe some slight improvements as retailers realize that maybe they’re a little short and losing sales to others. But until the consumer really comes out and show that they’re spending, I think retailers will be cautious.
Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital: That’s helpful. And then lastly if I may, and obviously you folks added much more cash to your coffers this quarter, I know you’ve spoken about share repurchase, is that the primary use of cash? Is that how we should think about things there?
Kevin Rauckman: As I mentioned in my remarks, I think we still have over $250 million left for that and we will consider buying into that one area. And I think the – given the strong cash flow during the period, the board – the department board hasn’t approved anything, but we would still look at the dividend this year. And then finally, we’re also in the current market evaluating other acquisition opportunities. So I think all three of those are on the table. So it’s not just one or either or.
Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital: Great. Thank you very much for the incremental call again.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: The channel inventories, what is that in terms of weeks in Europe? And is there anyone particularly flooding the channels at the moment, any competitor that comes to mind? And as you give us a response, can you also give us your thoughts on whether or not major price stimulation will be required to kind of flush out the inventories in Europe?
Kevin Rauckman: In general, the weeks or the days that inventory got our retailers and our customers upheld, and many cases have come down, like I’ve said, as much as half. Some retailers are only holding three or four week of inventory. Some are still holding five or six, but that is significantly down from where it was at the end of fourth quarter. In terms of the pricing, I think we commented on that earlier. But I believe we would actually expect on the near term some AFP increases in Q2. Part of that driven by just the dynamics in the market, but also we’re anticipating selling in new product plus the 1200, 1500, 1400 nuvi family that Cliff mentioned will – in the near term will help us in that regard.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then the nuvi phones. Same question I asked on the conference call. Are the carriers waiting for Garmin or is Garmin waiting for the carriers? And any thoughts on units for the second half?
Cliff Pemble: At this point, the carriers are definitely waiting for the device to be completed. As I’ve mentioned, we’re in to the certification. So we hope that we’ll be able to complete that soon. And in terms of units, maybe Kevin can comment–
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. The units, we’re looking at about the same number as we have mentioned in our last conference call, so no major shift in terms of units and revenue. We’d expect between $100 million to $200 million revenue for the year. Obviously back half.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: And you get to say you’re one in that all customization required for certification, or is there still work to be done?
Cliff Pemble: The work is largely in space. I think it’s a matter of going through the testing and different things that has to go on in the certification.
Mark Sue – RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you. And good luck, gentlemen.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from John Bright of Avondale Partners.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Thank you, Kevin. Staying with the automobile segment, so how does (inaudible) these days get the attention of auto OEMs right now?
Kevin Rauckman: Well interestingly they’re – auto OEMs are looking for ways to differentiate their products right now and are looking forward to the future for their industry. And so they are very interested in talking to players who can provide them innovation and help them differentiate their product line.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: How far along, Cliff, would you say that some of these discussions are? Are we looking – we saw the Chrysler announcement, but are we thinking that there’s a good possibility for additional announcements in this calendar year?
Cliff Pemble: Well I don’t really want to comment on what may be coming in terms of announcements. We did announce already that the 2011 share-a-key will be delivering and will actually start in the early 2010 as an advanced 2011 model year. So we’re excited about that. I think everything in the auto industry is a long time in the market, as you know. Although again, automakers are looking for ways to change their business models so that they could come to market pastures. So we would anticipate in the future that product innovation will come much quicker than the market.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: And as far as an APS store, an application for an APS store, lot of discussions about APS stores now on some of the other smart phones, is it something that Garmin has considered, will consider moving forward?
Kevin Rauckman: We offer a lot of content and capabilities that can come along with our products. And we have typically offered things unique to our product directly from our Web site. So we anticipate the ability to be able to offer the kind of things specific to our products on the nuvi phone line.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Shifting to aviation and marine segments, I think there was some positive commentary talking about on the automobile segment that inventory levels reached a low point. Where do you – how do you say the aviation and marine segments respectively, as inventories are concerned and have you – do you think those segments reached their low point?
Cliff Pemble: For marine, the marine industry has actually been a decline for quite some time. So a lot of retailers have already been focusing on their inventory. And we don’t believe that there’s really an issue on that channel like what should be in the more dynamic automobile segment. As for aviation, it’s a very limited market in terms of its overall reach. So again, probably not an inventory concern there with the exception of some of the ends are trying to sell aircraft that have already been built. That’s a more limited self issue.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Do you still anticipate introduction of the nuvi phone in the first half of the year, announcement?
Cliff Pemble: I think first half, of course, is quickly drawing to a close. And so we’re focusing more on the second half, we would anticipate that some devices will hit the market in various locations throughout the second half, some earlier, some later.
John Bright – Avondale Partners: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Reik Read of Robert Baird.
Reik Read – Robert Baird: Cliff, on your comments of the pricing, 15%. Is that for the full year or is that by the fourth quarter?
Cliff Pemble: That’s for the full year, Reik.
Reik Read – Robert Baird: Okay. And then just with respect to the comments on these issues have been temporary, can you talk about what change in the five weeks of data that you have? What you’re seeing there?
Kevin Rauckman: I think what we’re seeing so far is that we typically will have a seasonal increase from Q1 to Q2. And I believe that you should expect to see a similar trend like we did – we’ve seen in the last few years. So we’re in this spring (inaudible), and we’re obviously at a lower base coming off of Q1. But we’ve seen – I think the pricing trends that would suggest what I just stated. At 15% for full year makes sense. Unit increases and sales increases as we go through the dabs and grabs in spring selling.
Reik Read – Robert Baird: And is this going from down 24% to down 15%? Is that a function of mixed primarily, or is there something else behind that?
Kevin Rauckman: Reik, we’ve talked about price protections that we gave in Q1. So some of those have moderated and then also the mix with new product introduction into the new channel. So it’s a combination of both.
Reik Read – Robert Baird: Okay. And then just back on the inventory, you guys have mentioned, I think a couple of times, that you think it’ll go lower, sellout is now 20%. Does that suggest that selling has to really start accelerating and that’s why you got some of these favorable comments?
Kevin Rauckman: I think that’s part of that but we’re also focusing there on the North American market because the European market is not– we don’t see the 20% sellout. So you have to factor in both global business, but we’re cautiously optimistic in the US and we’ll continue to do some increase in the unit sales as we go into the Q2 and beyond.
Reik Read – Robert Baird: Okay. And then just on the marine and the aviation side of things. And you addressed this a little bit in the press release, but both we couldn’t expect it, but the gross margins generally better than expected, which I would consider unusual given the leverage. Is that primarily mixed that’s doing that or is there some other things? And how sustainable is that?
Cliff Pemble: It’s primarily mixed. Typically the leverage you would speak to have to come in the operating margin, you could see that operating margins in those segments were down just due to the reduced volumes. So it’s primarily driven by the mix in those two segments.
Reik Read – Robert Baird: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Sutherland of Wedbush Morgan Securities.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Morgan Securities: Hi, great. Thank you and good morning. I want to follow-up on the question earlier on the OEM opportunities in the auto market. We’re seeing, obviously, some of the smaller players in the P&D markets have a tough time. But there are new players coming at the OEM opportunity. Do you see partnership or do you see them more as competitors?
Cliff Pemble: We’re already partnering with key players in the automotive industry such as the Kenwood and Panasonic, which we’ve announced before. So we believe that having a strategy that allows our technology to be integrated with that of others is a good way to gain exposure.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Morgan Securities: Have you seen maybe more to telematics-types firms in the major parts suppliers to the car companies than those and others like that?
Cliff Pemble: Yes. I think that approach is really not anything new. I think those telematic players have been trying to fill solutions into the vehicle. I think what customers still like and relate to is what’s provided by the P&G set of products, which is good in part experience and could be built right into the vehicle as well. The telematic solution is a little more difficult because it’s typically awkward and has a lot of limitations in terms of operation.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Morgan Securities: In automobile, can you quantify the impacts you saw from the price projection on an AFP basis, maybe how many basis points it impacted? And maybe also on the segment margin basis, what could have been without the abnormal price protection?
Kevin Rauckman: We’re not prepared to quantify – the 32% gross margin number was impacted. I think we would have probably seen high 30% range without some of those credits on the automobile segments. And then the operating margin is not only impacted by that. The lower sale as well as the R&D investments in the nuvi phones so all of those were factored in a pretty low operating margin in that segment.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay. Lastly, can you talk about component price in build materials, do you see it down 10% to 15% still this year? Do you see it down with AFP declines in anything going down quicker than others?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think in the first quarter we did see pretty decent cost reductions. The average, cost reductions in Q1 was about 21% down. However, I think going forward, just recently we’ve seen some flash memory increases, pricing increases. So we’re still expecting about a 10% year-over-year average cost reduction throughout the 2009 period.
Scott Sutherland – Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from line of Paul Coster of J.P. Morgan.
Paul Coster – J.P. Morgan: A Couple of questions. First on the ISP recovery, I just want to make sure I understand this. The new products are going to help contribute towards that. But the new products’ span value as well as the high-end of the market. Does this spell a shift in that mix of low-ends back towards high-end or do you think it’s going to stay at around above the 85% of unit volumes in 2Q
Kevin Rauckman: We don’t expect that the 85% – 15% as where we would define low and high and really is going to move much throughout the year. So it’s primarily – anytime you see a new product sprout to the market, we tend to have a little bit of increase in AFP. That’s the main point there.
Paul Coster – J.P. Morgan: Can you talk a little bit about the customer concentration. Are there any in terms of customers, but more specifically with the PND group in mind in North America? How much of your business is concentrated in the discounts and big bucks retails?
Kevin Rauckman: I don’t think– We haven’t really seen a major move there from what we saw at the end of the fourth quarter. Obviously, Circuit City’s no longer – we’re not selling to them, but the big guys that we’ve talked about in the past that we mentioned in our 10-K when that filed with the one – our largest customer exceeded 10% of our shares last year. So they continue to be a large customer as well as Wal Mart and Target, and then the discounters like Sam’s and Costco continue to be part. There hasn’t been a big shift mix-wise between the big bucks retailers and the other online distributors.
Paul Coster – J.P. Morgan: Thank you, Kev. And my last question is the comprehensive market seems to be – competitive landscapes seem to be getting better in many respects. But then again, Motorola and even Best Buy with their insignia brands seem to be coming into the market. What do we understand from those two brands? And have you seen any impact from them?
Kevin Rauckman: The response there is you just look at the global market share and the gains. We still have retained, as Cliff said, over 50% market share. We’ve not seen any lock in share so even with some of those changes in the competitive landscape Garmin’s done quite well in the current economy.
Paul Coster – J.P. Morgan: Got it. Okay, thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from line of Thomas Lee of Goldman Sachs.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Hi, thanks for taking the call. Just a few questions, I guess starting with Kevin, on the OpEx run. Just curious, I know you mentioned it on R&D, you’re still expecting investors. But can – even these things were to deteriorate further, on the SG&A front is that – include advertising as well as I guess, other sales and marketing? Is that – can we assume that Q1 is going to be a low point for the year or do you think that could potentially go even lower if let’s say, if things were to get worse?
Cliff Pemble: We’ll watch that very carefully, but we do believe that Q1 was the low point.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Okay.
Cliff Pemble: From an OpEx, we would see slight increases in Q2 to go with the increases in sales. Hopefully, we get a better leverage down the operating margin. We do expect, as I’ve mentioned several times, up margins increased to a much in Q2 and beyond.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. And then do you – depending on the –the trajectory should be similar to kind of – from a seasonality perspective what we’ve seen in prior years if – obviously with the market?
Kevin Rauckman: With the exception of the other SG&A line, where we required several European distributors in past years, we like to be able to hold other SG&A flats are slightly up. Advertising will be – as I’ve mentioned earlier, somewhat variable depending on sales.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Another SG&A and I think you said in the last call that roughly $7 million a quarter, is that still the number to think about? Or–
Kevin Rauckman: That’s currently our forecast for the year. Yes.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then just on the margins trajectory for the automobile business. Obviously, it was a tough quarter, but and I know you said that this in Q1 is going to be the bottom from a margin perspective. But as we think about the trajectory in to Q2, Q3 do you think there could be a more gradual increase from that 2% level or can we expect a pretty meaningful snapback in Q2 to maybe whether it’s double-digit mid-teens type levels?
Kevin Rauckman: I think you can expect increase up into the double digit range in Q2.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Okay. Okay. That’s helpful. And then just the last question, similarly on the marine and aviation margins, can we assume that the margins that we’ve seen both in the gross and the operating side are those kinds of the margins that are likely to hold through the rest of the year? Or is that could potentially turn down?
Cliff Pemble: I believe that strictly on the aviation that should be pretty stable. Hopefully we’ll get higher on the aviation. And then marine, there’s a little bit more seasonality in marine. So Q2 will be increased sequentially, and we’ll see marine sales drop off. And when we see sales come down later in the year, our margins will decline over current levels. So we’re probably looking at the mid-20% to 30% operating margins within marines.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: And then for aviation, is that mid-20s as well? Or–
Cliff Pemble: Yes, I think the aviation, we should be at the low point, but it should be the mid-20s to the 30% range as well.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Got it. If I could just – just one last one. On automobile side, excluding the year, do you think – any sense of what the margins could be assuming your forecast? You expect gross margins to be kind of that low-30s and then in up margins, can it get to 20% or is that probably a stretch?
Cliff Pemble: 20% for the full year is probably a stretch.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: All right. I mean for the Q4, excluding the year.
Cliff Pemble: Q4, that’s a stretch, yes.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Okay. All right. Got it, thank you.
Operator: Your final question–
Cliff Pemble: I think that’s all we’ll have for now. We appreciate everybody’s questions and we’ll get in touch in the future. Thanks for your attention today.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-25 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston – Manager, IR Kevin Rauckman – CFO and Treasurer Clifton Pemble – President and COO
Analysts: Reik Read – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.  Vivek Arya – BAS-ML Paul Coster – JPMorgan Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co. Jeff Evanson – Dougherty & Company LLC Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank North America Joe Spack [ph] – RBC Capital Markets (US) Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners  Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs J. B. Groh – D. A. Davidson & Co. John Bright – Avondale Partners LLC Ben Bollin – Cleveland Research Company James Faucette – Pacific Crest Securities
Kerri Thurston: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's fourth quarter 2008 earnings call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides which can be viewed during this call. An archive of the webcast will be available until March 23, 2009. A telephone recording will be available two business days following this call, and a transcript of the call will be available on the website within 48 hours under the Events Calendar tab. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introduction, future demand for our products, and objectives are forward-looking. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2007 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and our quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Attending on the behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks, Kerri. Thank you for joining us this morning on a short notice. Before we get into the details of our Q4 earnings, I want to provide a brief explanation of why we issued our earnings this morning rather than on Wednesday. During our final review of the Q4 results, we found certain adjustments for sales programs and price protections that puts our earnings per share results below our earlier stated guidance. We elected to immediately announced our Q4 earnings and accelerated our conference call by two days in order to accomplish this. At this point, I would like to turn the call over to Clif to provide our business update this morning.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning. As you read from our press release this morning, Garmin announced fourth-quarter results with strong margins, increasing market share and significant reductions in our inventories. Financial highlights from 2008 include revenue growth of 10% to almost $3.5 billion with revenue growth in almost all segments of the business. This represents Garmin’s 18th consecutive year of revenue growth. A significant highlight for 2008 is our gross margin performance of 44.5% which is down just 150 basis points from 2007. Our 2008 operating margin was 24.7% which is a 380 basis points decline from 2007 that exceeded our earlier expectations. Bill of material cost reductions helped offset most of the PND price declines that occurred during the year. Exuding foreign currency, our earnings per share fell 3% to $3.69 per share, which includes the gain from the share of our tender of our Tele Atlas shares. Throughout 2008, we maintained our strong cash position, with free cash flow generation of $743 million, which was enhanced by the significant reduction in inventory during the quarter. This cash flow allowed us to fund our stock repurchase plan, pay a $0.75 per share dividend, and remain a debt free company. Some notable business highlights for the year include while we await the final fourth-quarter market reports, we believe that we have expanded our world wide leadership position in the PND market from 35% in Q3 of 2008. We believe our share approximated 50% in North America and greater than 20% in Europe. As a reminder, on a worldwide basis, our market share was about 30% in 2007. Consolidated shipments were almost 17 million units for the full year resulting in a year-over-year growth of 38% across all of our business segments. Unit growth was led by our automobile segment with full-year growth of 45%. Turning next to segment highlights, in the automotive and mobile segment, our revenues grew 8% for the year driven by continued unit growth and moderating price declines when compared to 2007. We experienced unit growth of 62% in North America for the full-year although it slowed significantly in the second half. European PND growth for the full year was 16%. This unit growth was offset by an ASP decline of 26% which is down from the 35% decline we experienced in 2007. For the full year, revenues from our outdoor fitness segment grew 26%, which outperformed our expectations thanks to our strong line up of new products and specific strength in the fitness market. We also saw growth in our aviation segment build again in the first half of 2008 which was much stronger. Revenues grew 10% in 2008 as shipments to new and existing OEM partners offset weaknesses in the portable and retrofit markets. And finally marine revenues grew 1% in 2008 as this segment continues to be affected by high fuel prices that were present earlier in the year and economic conditions which had slowed the entire marine industry. Given how hard the marine industry has been hit by the economic downturn, our ability to generate growth in this segment is attributed to the strength of our product portfolio and our market share gains throughout the year. As the economic crisis continues to play out, we realize that 2009 will be one of the most difficult years in our history. In the automotive segment, we estimate that units will be flat in 2009 on a global basis due to the reduced levels of consumer spending and increased levels of penetration, particularly in Europe. We are focused on managing our business appropriately in light of these market realities. Our strong margins and significant reduction of inventory in the fourth quarter validate our ability to use vertical integration to appropriately scale our business in real-time. We also anticipate that ASP declines will moderate in 2009 as additional competitors exit the market and retail channel inventories decline resulting in less margin pressure. Our outdoor fitness, aviation and marine segments will be under significant pressure in 2009 due to the unfavorable economic conditions facing consumers. While these segments are not likely to grow in 2009, we will continue to focus on market share gains and profitability, which will allow us to outperform competitors in these respective markets. In addition, we will continue to make prudent investments in research and development and introduce new product innovations that will position us for growth and new opportunities as the economic cycle runs its course. At the recent CES show, we introduced new products with industry-leading features. The first of the new offerings was nüMaps Lifetime, which offers consumers the ability to update maps and points of interest quarterly for the lifetime of the device for a single fee. This ensures that customers are traveling with the most current maps. In addition, we introduced ecoRoute which is a free software update available for many new models that assist drivers with fuel-efficient efficient navigation by offering a less routing option. EcoRoute also calculates the fuel cost associated with the trip and a carbon footprint. At the upper end of our product family, we introduced the nüvi 8X5 series which delivers two of our more popular high-end features, lane assisted navigation with graphical junction views and speech recognition. The 8X5 P series also includes MSN Direct version 3.0 which provides graphical weather, flight status, traffic, gas prices and more. Other introductions at CES included the Approach G5 and zūmo 660. The Approach G5 represents Garmin’s first touch screen handheld designed specifically for the golf course. By combining our organ form factor with thousands of preloaded course maps, we expect to gain significant market share in this growing business. The Approach G5 is differentiated by the touch screen, the number of preloaded courses available without subscription or fee, and the ability to plan shots using a drop and drag approach on the touch screen. The zūmo 660 is a new motorcycle device that integrates the nuvi form factor with motorcycle specific features, including oversized touch screen buttons and water proof casing. In addition, the zūmo 660 features advanced routing capabilities, lane assist with junction view and 3-D buildings. In the aviation market, we began delivery of the GPS maps 695 and 696 during the fourth quarter. These devices represent Garmin’s newest portable offerings and builds off of the popular 496. New features and capabilities include a seven inch screen, airways, electronic charts and expanded weather. While only available in the last half of the fourth quarter, the 695 and 696 have already proven to be popular. In the marine market, we introduced the GPS maps 600 series and GHP 10 Autopilot. The GPS map 640 specifically is preloaded with City Navigator and BlueChart g2 marine charts making it all in one marine navigator and automotive navigator. The device can also be paired with the GXM 40 antenna making it XM capable for weather, radio and traffic. The GHP 10 Autopilot was released in October to great reviews. It incorporates our patented ShadowDrive technology which automatically disengages the autopilot at the helm stern allowing for quick manual maneuvers without manually disengaging the autopilot. It is also able to be controlled wirelessly with the GHP 10 remote control. With regard to the nuvifone, we continue to look forward to the launch of the Garmin-Asus G60 in the next few months as we discussed during our February 4 announcement regarding our strategic alliance with Asus. In addition, we introduced a second device in the nuvifone family at the Mobile World Congress recently. The Garmin-Asus M20 will utilize Windows Mobile and will be released in the first half of 2009. We will provide further updates on carriers and pricing as launch date approaches. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Kevin who will provide a more detailed look at our fourth quarter and 2008 results.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks, Clif. Again I would like to typically go through Q4 and full year and we will talk a little about 2009 at the end of this section of the call. You saw the press release this morning that we announced revenue of 1.05 billion during the quarter, net income of 158 million and earnings per share result of $0.93 per share excluding foreign currency. Revenue was negatively impacted by approximately 38 million due to continued weakness of the euro and other foreign currencies. So our overall revenue decline was 14% and our EPS came 29% excluding FX. We also announced that our effective tax rate was 22.8% during the quarter compared to 11.7% in the fourth quarter of 2007 resulting in a negative EPS in fact of $0.11 a share. Unfavorable $0.15 EPS impact was due to the foreign currency losses of 40 million during the fourth quarter of 2008. Our gross margin of 41.1% was better than expected due to material cost reductions and operating efficiencies in the business. Operating income was down 25% to 236 million compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. We announced 22.6% operating margin which was down from 25.7% last year. Overall, our operating margins were generated from the gross margin of 70 basis points unfavorable, our advertising expense was 100 basis points favorable. Other SG&A was unfavorable by 250 basis points, this was made up primarily of the increase year over year of the integration of our European distributors that were acquired, 7 million due to increases in our Germany and Italy subsidiaries, and we also announced a $14 million Circuit City write off due to their bankruptcy. R&D was unfavorable 90 basis points during the quarter. Overall in the fourth quarter, units shipped grew 15% as almost 6.4 million units were delivered on the strength of our automobile segment. The total company average selling price was $165 per unit down 27% from the third quarter and 25% from the fourth quarter of 2007. Moving next to the full year income statement, our revenue reported was $3.5 billion, net income of 733 million and earnings per share of $3.69 per share excluding FX. So we recognized a 10% top line growth during the year and a 3% earnings per share decrease excluding foreign currency. For the full year, our effective tax rate was 19.9% which compares to 12.6% a year ago resulting in a negative EPS impact of $0.31 per share. We also saw an unfavorable $0.21 EPS impact due to foreign currency loss of 35.3 million during 2008. For the full year, gross margin of 44.5 was better than expected due to moderation of ASP declines, material cost reductions and overall operating efficiencies. Therefore our operating income fell 5% to 862 million compared to 907 million in 2007. Operating margin was 24.7% down from 28.5 a year ago but better than expected. Gross margin was unfavorable 150 basis points, advertising was favorable for the full year at 50 basis points, and other SG&A was unfavorable by 190 basis points. Approximately 46 million of our SG&A was due to the integration of the European distributors and year over year increase in bad debt in total was about $20 million. R&D was unfavorable for the full year of 90 basis points. Units shipped grew 38% year over year as over 16.9 million units were delivered during the year on the strength again of automobile segment. Total company average selling price for 2008 was $206 per unit down 20% from 2007. The non-GAAP measures that we reported this morning include net income excluding effect of foreign currency. The full-year FX loss does not reflect the gain associated with the tender of our TA shares. This FX impact was $0.15 per share unfavorable during the fourth quarter and $0.21 per share unfavorable for fiscal 2008. Breaking down our revenue by segments, during the fourth quarter, we experienced a 17% revenue decline within the automobile segment while the unit growth in that segment was a positive 18%. Or outdoor fitness segment continued to grow with a 5% revenue increase when compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. Our fitness category continued to lead the way in that overall segment. Aviation segment revenues fell 5% compared to the fourth quarter of 2007, marine segment revenues were flat compared to last year's fourth quarter. In total, our revenues declined 14% during the fourth quarter. For 2008, the automobile segment revenue grew 8% while the unit growth in that segment was 45%. Our outdoor fitness segment outpaced growth in all other segments with a 26% revenue increase compared to 2007. The aviation segment revenues increased 10% and our marine business was up 1% compared to 2007. Overall our revenues increased 10% in 2008 and we were pleased with our ability to post growth in every segment within our business. During the fourth quarter, all geographies slowed on a year-over-year basis due to the impact of the worldwide economic slowdown. On a full-year basis, we were able to post growth in all geographies with North America growing most rapidly at 13%. Unit growth in our North American business exceeded that of Europe as the North American PND market grew at 62% for the full year on a unit basis and Europe at 16% for the full-year. The automobile segment represented 79% of our total business during the fourth quarter and 73% for the full year. This is down one percentage point from 2007 where audible represented 74% of our revenues. In sense of the stronger growth in North America during the quarter, that geographic region represented 73% of our total fourth-quarter business. Europe accounted for 24% of our total revenue. And on our full year, North America accounted for 67% of our revenues. The low-end unit sales of PND accounted for a couple approximately 85% of total units and the low-end revenues of PND accounted for approximately 80% of total revenues. Moving next to margins, our fourth-quarter automobile gross margin and operating margin were 36% and 20% respectively. The gross margin of 36% was better than expected with a full-year ASP decline of 26% offset by costs declining 21% on a full-year level. Our fourth-quarter outdoor fitness gross margin was 56%, up 3% over last year due to product mix and an increase in ASP. Gross margin did decline on a sequential basis due to promotional pricing during the holiday season. Operating margin also increased year over year to 37%. We continue to target our long-term margins in the outdoor fitness segment of 55% and 35% respectively. Fourth-quarter aviation gross margin was 67% down slightly from the prior year but up s sequentially due to product mix. Operating margin was 33% for the quarter due to increased advertising costs on lower volumes. We continue to target long-term margins in the segment of 65% and 35% and did achieve this for the full-year with growth in operating margin at 67% and 36% respectively. And finally our fourth-quarter marine gross margin was below the long-term target of 55% and 52% due to the continued weakness in the industry. In turn, operating margin was also low at 23% compared to a long-term target of 35%. These margins are consistent with the fourth quarter of 2007 due to seasonality in the segment. Full-year margins for marine were 55% and 29% respectively. We will manage the businesses to maintain margins near our long-term target of 55% and 35% going forward. Fourth-quarter operating expenses were down slightly on a year-over-year basis from 196 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 to 194 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 but they did increase 240 bps as a percentage of sales. R&D increased 2.7 million year over year in dollar terms and was up 90 basis points to 4.8% of sales. We continue to employ over 1700 engineers and engineering associates worldwide. Our ad spending decreased 21 million over the year ago quarter and 100 basis points as a percentage of sales from 6.8% to 5.8% in the fourth quarter. We were pleased with our decision relative to advertising spending and the benefit it provided to operating margins during the period. Other SG&A increased 250 basis points to 7.9% of sales from 5.4% a year ago. This increase was due to the write off of our Circuit City receivables and the integration of our European distributor that we acquired since this period last year. We expect that our SG&A expenses will stabilize at approximately 70 million per quarter in 2009. Moving next to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities at just over 973 million. Our accounts receivables increased on a sequential basis to 741 million as sales increased during the holiday quarter. AR accounted for approximately 77 days of sales. We have now collected 530 million that is balance during the first quarter of 2009. Our inventory balances decreased 274 million to 425 million as we exited the holiday selling season. Our days of inventory metric decreased from 105 days at the end of the third quarter to 79 days at the end of the fourth-quarter, primarily in our finished goods inventory. At the end of the fourth-quarter at the end of 2008, we have 151 million in raw materials which make up 27 days of inventory, 29 million in WIP and assemblies making up 5 days of inventory, and 269 million in our finished goods, which represents 47 days of inventory. We carried 23 million in inventory reserves at the end of 2008. We are extremely pleased with our level of inventory reduction and will continue to manage the supply chain appropriately given the economic conditions. It's our goal to have adequate inventory to support customer needs; however, we intend to carry the right level and mix of inventory to minimize the risk of obsolesce. Retail channel inventory has become more lean as retailers look to reduce their inventory exposure and conserve their cash during this economy. Looking next at cash flow, cash flow from operations during the fourth quarter was 350 million. We spent only 9 million on CapEx during the fourth quarter and our free cash flow during Q4 was approximately 340 million. Cash flow from investing was 31 million source of cash made up of 9 million use of cash on CapEx, 50 million net redemption of marketable securities and approximately 10 million use of cash on the acquisition of businesses and intangibles. Finally, the cash flow from financing was 194 million use of cash during the fourth quarter made up primarily of the 150 million dividend payment during December, a $47 million of stock buyback, and 3 million positive cash issuance of stock options. We earned an average of 3.9% on all cash and marketable securities balances during the quarter. Garmin repurchased over 2.4 million shares using $47 million of cash during the quarter. We repurchased 17.1 million shares during the year using approximately $672 million. Current authorization allows for 258 million to be used to repurchase shares through December 31, 2009, and Garmin intends to be an active buyer of those shares as business and market conditions warrant. Our diluted shares outstanding declined 9% to 202 million due to the shares repurchased during the year. And finally let me spend a little bit of time on 2009. We do recognize that 2009 is going to be a difficult year and we are prepared to manage our business accordingly. While economic conditions are very challenging and are affecting most of our markets, we continue to see opportunities to invest selectively and grow our business through new product development and market share gains. Our goal is to maintain healthy margins and a strong balance sheet during the year. In addition, we will continue to manage our inventory carefully in order to scale it to the proper level to support our business in light of these challenging economic conditions. We continue to closely monitor the global economic development and our business situation. And we are evaluating making adjustments in certain areas of business in order to increase cost efficiency and match operations to market demand over the near to intermediate term. In light of the uncertainties and dynamic conditions, we will not offer specific guidance for 2009 until the outlook for the year becomes more clear. That concludes our formal remarks for this morning. We now like to open the phone lines up for any questions you might have. Jacob, please take over the Q&A session from here on now.
Operator: (Operator instructions)
Kerri Thurston: And Jacob, you can go ahead with our first question.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Reik Read.
Reik Read – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hi, good morning.
Kevin Rauckman: Good morning.
Reik Read – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Kevin, on the targets that you gave for gross margin by segments, can you just talk about, one, how much variability that you see in those targets in the current environment? And then two, what is your ability to take out costs further? You guys talked a lot about raw material costs take out, can that continue and other, some other things that you can do from a labor overhead perspective? Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Okay. Variability, I think you can see from our slides on margins, we do have some variability based on volume in the non-PND market and non PND segments. Actually automobile segment has been relatively stable in the 36%, 38% gross margin, 20% to 25% operating margin, and we have stated this many times that the raw materials do make-up of a vast majority of our total unit cost. So the expectation in 2009 for example is that prices will moderate, the cost declines depending on sales volumes, which again we are not giving a lot of guidance on, but depending on sales volumes, the labor and overhead components are relatively small and therefore we can try to track costs, unit costs approximately with what our price declines would be for the year. So we are hopeful that there is not a lot of variability, but we do see quarter to quarter some, especially in the non-PND markets.
Reik Read – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: And just on what you're saying on the raw material side of things, I take it what you're saying there is just you can continue to get price concessions, is that still the case in this environment?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we're seeing some cost declines even in today's economy. We had a 21% overall unit cost decline last year. I wouldn't expect that number to be that large in 2009 but I think the best way to frame that is price and cost coming down near the same levels in 2009.
Reik Read – Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Vivek Arya.
Vivek Arya – BAS-ML: Thanks, good morning. Couple of questions, first is, I just wanted to dig deeper into this gross margin trend, your non-PND segments, last year I think were about 27% of sales, but almost 37% of the gross margin dollars and in 2009 there is going to be some pressure on the non-PND segments, so what should we read across on the overall company gross margin from that trend?
Kevin Rauckman: I think what you saw in the fourth quarter is something we would like to continue that is manage and scale our business to be able to manage the different demands as we go forward in 2009. I think we took action in the fourth quarter by eliminating contract and contract labor in our factory and it helped us maintain pretty strong margins in the fourth quarter. And I think what we still see even in a fairly weak economy in the non-PND markets, is margins we can still sustain. And those are not as price sensitive and we feel like we have the ability to control that.
Vivek Arya – BAS-ML: I see. And Kevin secondly, the ASP on the PNDs from what I calculate fell roughly 29% or so in the fourth quarter, what is your expectation for PND ASP in 2009, is it more a mix issue, is it more a volume issue or what exactly is determining that negative surprise that we saw in the fourth quarter PND ASP?
Kevin Rauckman: First of all, I would disagree that we saw a negative surprise. I think that ASP came in about where we expected, otherwise our margins would have been significantly impacted in the fourth quarter. I think overall price declines in 2009 will slow in terms of the overall declines that we have seen in the last two years. We are not quantifying how much that will be other than I would expect it would be below 20% without giving an exact number.
Vivek Arya – BAS-ML: Okay. Is there any excess manufacturing capacity that could have an impact on gross margins next year, I mean in 2009?
Kevin Rauckman: I think that is what our goals is, is to try to manage that. It depends on the level of sales and so we will provide guidance and more as we go through the year. But at this point we feel like we can scale up and down depending on the need of the market. Keep in mind that a vast majority of our overall unit cost is raw material. So there may be some short-term impacts but overall I think we can manage that manufacturing capacity throughout the year.
Vivek Arya – BAS-ML: And just one last question, your advertising spend has been trending lower, do you think you're spending enough on to promote the products and how will this spend pick up or will it pick up once you launch your smart phones?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think in the fourth quarter we saw that the overall economy was impacting and we didn't feel like it was prudent to spend a typical level on advertising. So as we said in our formal remarks, we felt comfortable and satisfied with the decision that we made in the fourth quarter given the fact that we did see advertising down as a percentage of sales. We still had sensible reasonable sales levels. I think you mention the nuvifone. Without a doubt, the phone in the product family gets delivered to the market, we will have to take on some additional advertising spend to be able to push that and to promote that in the market. But we haven't commented on how much that will be yet.
Vivek Arya – BAS-ML: I'm sorry. Just one last question. The tax rate, what should we model for 2009? Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: I think the reason the tax rate came up was because of our overall volumes coming down from the fourth quarter over what we [inaudible]. I think the effective tax rate is nearly 20% for the full year due to the tax holidays in Taiwan and other tax incentives. I think over the next few years, this 2009, we expect to continue to see benefits from those holidays and expect our overall tax rate to increase a little bit above 20% over the near term.
Vivek Arya – BAS-ML: I see. All right, thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Paul Coster.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Real quick housekeeping questions first, the interest rate you are earning on your cash is pretty impressive, do you think that is sustainable? And the nuvifone, how will that be categorized in terms of which revenue segments it will go into?
Kevin Rauckman: The first question on the interest rate, yes, 3.9% was higher than we had even intended or expected because of the timing of our marketable securities. Clearly those will mature over the next year and we will see that rate come down. So I don't believe 3.9% is sustainable. However, we have done pretty well at I think beating the market average on yield on our investments. So I’d expect 3.9 to come down but still be healthy for the full year 2009. And then your comment about nuvifone, I think we would book that into our automobile segment.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Okay. And maybe I can just drill down on the expectations for 2009, did I understand you correctly in saying that the unit pricing or the ASP decline will moderate, did you say anything about unit volumes for 2009?
Kevin Rauckman: We didn’t comment a lot on it. We expect that the PND markets and what Garmin can ship will be roughly flat, that’s our best estimate at this point. And then we didn't give an exact number, but ASPs will moderate.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Okay. I mean if you look out a little bit longer, once we're through this economic downturn, what do you think your sort of CAGR is over the next five years in terms of unit volume anyway?
Kevin Rauckman: I think it is difficult for us to give 2009 guidance and even more difficult to give 2010, 2011, 2012. I'm not sure we can really give anything concrete at this point.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Well, I will try my luck. And then finally, now competition seems to be wobbling a little bit, but one area which I'm a little concerned about is the second hand and refurbished market, what extent is that a challenge for you and what do you do about it if it is?
Clifton Pemble: Definitely there's a big market out there for second-hand and refurbished. We participate in that as well as we get returns from customers and we refurbish them and put them back out on the market. It does tend to make the ASPs come down but on the other hand it also costs with the return processing. So that’s kind of unavoidable and the way a lot of these consumer markets work.
Paul Coster – JPMorgan: Okay, thank you.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tavis McCourt.
Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan: Thanks for taking my question guys. Clif, one for you, and then a couple of financial ones. I guess the one new market that you are entering this year would be kind of the golf market and I was wondering if you could tell us what your estimate is of that market size, whether it is units or revenues. Obviously it seems like a pretty impressive market, impressive product from a competitive standpoint. And then Kevin I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you would expect SG&A to kind of based out at around 70 million a quarter, did I hear you right and does that include or exclude advertising? And then my last question is in terms of accounting for Garmin-Asus, will you be booking the full revenues from that or does half the revenues – or exactly how will the accounting work for that given the nature of the partnership?
Clifton Pemble: Tavis, to get the question out of the way on the golf market, I think it is definitely a small market at this point, very niched, and I don't think there is any public qualified or credible estimates in the industry in terms of what the total size is. We are entering the market because we believe we have something to contribute on the location technology and the mapping side but it is somewhat of a small niche market and don’t really have the ability to give you the estimate of the size.
Kevin Rauckman: Tavis, concerning the SG&A, I did mention 70 million per quarter, and that excludes advertising. So we would like to be able to hold the line on SG&A as we go through the year. Advertising will likely come down in total dollars invested in the year but we will have to also how the year develops as we go through. And then finally you ask about Garmin-Asus revenues, we haven't given a lot of detail other than just to say that it’s a strategic partnership and we will share profits on that, on that business, but we really can't comment on how much is booked on our P&L versus Asus’ P&L at this point.
Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan: And then can you just remind us what the full-year advertising was this year, what the dollar as a percentage of sales?
Kevin Rauckman: In 2008 we spent 208 million on advertising, which was approximately 6.0% of sales.
Tavis McCourt – Morgan Keegan: Okay, thanks a lot.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you so much. Our next question comes from Jeff Rath.
Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams: Great, thanks. A couple of questions, Kevin, you made a comment about the automotive segment being overall flat, I mean no one knows but you are kind of suggesting your expectations would be for flat unit volume growth in 2009 versus 2008, what comfort do have that in fact you will see flat growth in this environment?
Kevin Rauckman: I think this it is a difficult number to know because we are treading in an environment we have really never been in. But the way we come up with that is, we talked to our major customers to see what their expectations are. We also looked at the geographic mix and we talked to each of the countries to see what is developing in each of those stuffs [ph] and come up with our best estimate. So we don't have I think clear visibility which is the reason why we're not giving 2009 guidance, but that is as good as we can do today.
Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams: I guess maybe different way to ask the question is, are there some areas of the world that you're entering that are expected to have more meaningful growth rates because they are less penetrated, is there anything more speaking about there?
Clifton Pemble: I think Eastern Europe is still under penetrated and so it has been an area of growth although I would say that they are affected by the economic situation now as much as anybody, so that is an area of focus. Latin America, South America is definitely areas of potential growth as well as Asia. The US market is still very much under penetrated compared to some markets in Europe, so we believe there are still growth opportunities here in North America.
Kevin Rauckman: Even in a pretty weak economy, we saw 33% unit growth in the fourth quarter in the US. And I think I’ll add to another comment that Clif made is probably Australia. Australia is still an area we would like to be able to push further into and gain some share.
Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams: Second question is following your inventory success here, you have taken inventory levels down pretty dramatically, Kevin, you offered a little bit of color around your thoughts on the channel right now, are you saying that you are comfortable with the channel inventories here, do you expect a little bit more, say, seasonal weakness in Q1 because maybe there’s still some excess channel inventory, can you speak to that a little bit?
Kevin Rauckman: Sure. I think what we saw in the December month is we did see – we saw the major retailers slow down their orders. They wanted to go out of the calendar year with less inventory and I think it continued that desire through the first part of the 2009. So I would definitely with giving any specifics I would expect that year over year we would not see growth in the first quarter just due to what we have seen with the retail market in the first six weeks of 2009. I think they are carrying very low levels of inventory and we're just now starting to see some pretty large orders coming out of those retailers.
Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams: And then just a final question from me and I will pass it along, Kevin, there is lots of moving parts as it relates to foreign exchange, if we were just to take the baseline assumption that in the PND segment, your overall ASPs were flat, that is the pricing that you would get, what would be the impact of the foreign exchange on I guess your net ASPs 2009 versus 2008, if you look at current spot rates right now, would that cause your ASPs to be down 5% or 10%?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, we would still expect an ASP decline even with FX being neutral.
Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams: Would you say that a 5% or 10% kind of range reasonable?
Kevin Rauckman: I think that is a reasonable expectation, yes.
Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yair Reiner.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co.: Yes, a couple of questions from me, first of all, do you have any target at this point in terms of CapEx for next year?
Kevin Rauckman: I think 2009 is going to be – we spent 120 million in 2008, and we think it is going to be pretty close to what we would call our maintenance level, which is going to be around 60 million of CapEx.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And also I guess a rephrase face of the prior question, I guess we're close to 2/3 of the way through 1Q, I realize you don’t want to give specific guidance, but can you just gives us little bit more color on what you have seen thus far?
Kevin Rauckman: I'm not sure I can give much more color other than what I just mentioned with the big box retailers in the US. I think definitely Q1 will be down year over year from what it was in Q1 of 2008 and that’s about as much detail we are willing to give at this point.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. As far as aviation, it has been quite volatile now quarter to quarter. Recognizing that the end market there is slowing pretty dramatically, I mean is the level that we saw in 4Q, should we think of that as a baseline level, right now based on orders that you are seeing from your customers, I'm what do you think we should look for in 2009?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. I think aviation has a much longer market cycle than some of the consumer markets. So I believe it is still reacting to the economic conditions and the full story on the order situation and the deliveries are probably still to play out during the year. So there could be some additional downward pressure from what we saw in Q4.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co.: And then finally on nuvifone, it sounds from the wording of the press release now that you're pretty certain about the first half release, are there deals that are effectively signed and now it is just a matter of announcing them, or are you still working out the final details?
Clifton Pemble: I think we're still working out some final details.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. And is there any way for us at this point to kind of size the opportunity for you in 2009, would you be able to venture on how big a part of your automotive business it might be this year?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we still view 2009 as the period that we get into the market. From a quality perspective we still view that the PND part of our automotive segment is by far the largest in 2009, and we're talking about from a revenue perspective probably 100 million to 200 million in that range is the most we would see in 2009.
Yair Reiner – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeff Evanson.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty & Company LLC: Good afternoon on good morning everybody. I guess if your PND unit assumption is for flat units year over year, I'm curious what kind of market share gains you think you would need to do to achieve that and if you could unpack that between say Europe and North America, that would help?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, we are not prepared to give market share expectations. I think it’s still a little bit early to even know what happened in 2008 until all the competitors come in with their results. We do believe that in the fourth quarter we did gain global share from the best estimates that we’ve even come up with. Market share gains in 2009, a lot of it depends on the economy obviously in the US. We still feel like we have a very strong position, 50% or greater in North America, and we're hoping that it will continue. I think if there is gains anywhere, it will be in some of these other areas that Clif talked about in Eastern Europe and Latin America and even Australia and then we should be able to sustain our share in the US. I don't expect that Europe will be a big market share gain for us in 2009.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty & Company LLC: Like it was in 2008?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, there was quite a bit of gain there in 2008.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty & Company LLC: Okay. And then if your assumptions about units prove incorrect and you need to scale down production capacity, at what point would that start to negatively impact your tax rate?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I talked about tax rate earlier probably having to raise it above 20% and factoring into that was an expectation of unit volumes and overall volumes. I think we are probably pretty close to that at this point at that level depending on how 2009 shapes out. I would not expect the tax rate to get below 20 in 2009.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty & Company LLC: I guess what I'm saying is if you had to scale down units by 10%, will that start to impact your tax rate above and beyond what you have already said?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty & Company LLC: To what extent Kevin? Any sense?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think between 20% and 25% range, somewhere in there. I hope that it doesn’t get past 25, but I think the effective rate for the company should be for year in that range.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty & Company LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jonathan Goldberg.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank North America: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. I just wanted to dig down a little bit into your thoughts on industry channel inventory, you sounded upbeat, R-Tek [ph] seem to indicate that there is a lot of your competitors products still on the shelves at most electronics retailers and general merchandise retailers, both in USA and Europe. Do you see that affecting you? If there is lots of products out there, aren’t they going to end up cutting prices and that’s going to hurt the whole category?
Clifton Pemble: I think it is somewhat obvious that there is in fact and you can't argue that there is not. I think the good news right now is that our product is selling well against the lower price products and we just had to watch the situation play out as they try to move the inventory.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank North America: So it sounds like it is on your radar but you are comfortable you're getting big box orders right now?
Clifton Pemble: Pardon, I'm sorry.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank North America: It sounds like it is on your radar an issue that could pop up but you are comfortable that you are getting orders now from the big box retailers?
Clifton Pemble: Yes, we're starting to see those.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank North America: Okay. And then I just want to clarify also on the nuvifone, is it currently in carrier certification in testing? Or are we still…
Clifton Pemble: We're in some of the final phases of pre-entry.
Jonathan Goldberg – Deutsche Bank North America: Got it. Thank you very much.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Sue.
Joe Spack – RBC Capital Markets (US): Hi guys. This is Joe Spack [ph] for Mark actually. Couple of questions, one on inventory again, sorry to keep coming back to it, can you give us some sense of the metrics that you are comfortable with going forward? I know you talked days basis or turns basis would be fine as well. And just as a follow-up to that, any sense – I mean historically you guys have used a lot of working capital on an annual basis, can you give us any sort of sense of working capital expectations for 2009?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think what we have often committed on inventory number of days and I said we ended the year at about 79 days which was better than what we had targeted going into the quarter. We thought we would see an absolute dollar reduction of about 115, we would beat that by quite a bit, 274 million reduction. So the overall answer for looking at days of inventory based on forward-looking demand. And I think the numbers that we want to keep it under is 90 days or below, and so we are still trying to be more patient in our supply chain, and I guess we have done pretty good job in the short term. As far as working capital goes, I think given the difficult economic environment, we're really watching the receivables quite a bit trying to manage cash as best as we can and also limit write-offs on the AR side. So the combination of AR and inventory are the two major metrics that we are watching internally. I can't comment on the exact numbers but we do expect that our free cash flow and our cash flow from operations will continue to be quite strong as we go through 2009.
Joe Spack – RBC Capital Markets (US): Okay. And just one more if I can, Kevin, I thought I believe you said on the nuvifone expectations, 100 million to 200 million revenue net, by that do you mean your portion of sales, can you just clarify that comment?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, that would be what we would recognize, yes.
Joe Spack – RBC Capital Markets (US): Okay, thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Amir Rozwadowski.
Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital: Thank you very much for taking my question, gentlemen. Kevin and Cliff, looking at 2009, I know you have discussed a bit about the competitive environment, how should we think about sort of your strategy plays out for the course of the year? Is it sort of you continue to operate sort of managing the business the best you can against the difficult background and just see what happens with the competitors and how things play out or is there opportunities where you can selectively adjust your strategy in order to help accelerate some of the competitors leaving the market place?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I think we're certainly not wanting to be taking a risk in order to try to force situations at competitors at all, that is not our goal. We want to maintain a profitable business which we mentioned in our remarks and as such we are focusing on innovating and creating products that the market wants and maintaining our market share.
Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then one of the things that we have often discussed in the past is potential new geographic regions of opportunity and growth, do you think that 2009 can be – or are there specific regions that you folks are perhaps targeting for additional opportunities for market expansion in 2009?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think we already commented on the areas that we feel could be higher growth than the rest. As part of expansion, I don't believe we'll be acquiring any further distributors. I feel we're in a good position there on the distribution channel. I think it will be, given the global economy, it will be difficult to go out and push into certain areas of expansion. It would be more of a sustaining or maintaining the level of business and trying pick up share where we can.
Amir Rozwadowski – Barclays Capital: Great, thanks for the additional color.
Kevin Rauckman: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Jim Duffy.
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks. Good morning.
Kevin Rauckman: Hi, Jim.
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, Clif. Question for you, as you have discussions with your major retailers, how do they plan to merchandise the nuvifone, or you would sell the phone themselves or alongside personal navigation devices, what would your preference be?
Clifton Pemble: I think retailers, they already know how to sell PND category very well. So you will see some interest on their part to merchandise with PND category. And my part, because it is a great phone, you will also see interest in the phone side as well. So there could be an expanding opportunity for a device like this within retail.
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: And can you maybe shed a little bit of light on marketing plans to help you break through the clutter of the smart phone market and highlight some of nuvifone’s unique attributes?
Clifton Pemble: I think when the time comes we do plan a campaign that we will be able to articulate the message of the connecting device with voice and data capability. And I think again because the PND category is a strong category, I think people are aware already of the benefits of location and as such I don't think we will have to do a lot of major re-education on what it does.
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then as you do your business planning, looking out with the introduction of the nuvifone, how do you think about the substitution effect to PND versus the nuvifone or perhaps some other smart phones that offers navigation?
Clifton Pemble: Well, you know we think we are approaching this from a different angle than everybody else. I think a lot of people look at navigation as an application on a device and it is one thing that it does amongst many things, but a lot of time it doesn't talk across applications in terms of the ability to share location and user information. So that is what we are doing with nuvifone's. It is different and while there definitely could be some substitution effect that goes on with mobile phones and PNDs, the usability case is pretty challenging if you start using it in the car, and we believe nuvifone addresses that quite well, and we also believe that customers will still want to have a dedicated device when they have enough use case scenarios that compel them to use the device more than just once in a while.
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And what about substitution effect from Garmin personal navigation device to the nuvifone potential cannibalization there?
Clifton Pemble: Well, you could look at cannibalization or participating in a new market and so that is one of the reasons why we are doing this in order to be able to give the market what it wants in a single device.
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thanks very much.
Clifton Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Thomas Lee.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Hi. Thanks for taking my call. I just had a question on ASPs again, and on some of our retail checks, we actually noticed significant mix shift toward lower end devices, even more so than what happened in 2007, to the point that Black Friday, we saw ASPs decline 40% year on year and it looks like that even accelerated in the month of January, but obviously you guys are saying that ASPs are going to moderate this year. Just curious, one, how confident are you that you won’t see ASP declines accelerate in 2009, and perhaps can you help maybe reconcile some of your comments versus maybe what we are seeing kind of on the retail side?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think the reason we participated strongly I guess in the Black Friday special as well and so nothing there really was out of the – outside our expectations, so we did see ASPs come down just not as strongly as it has in the past. I think the other area that gives you some comfort is the level of profitability and we have already seen several of our competitors exit the market because they are just not making money at the current pricing level. So when we look at 2009 competitive landscape, we don't believe that pricing will need to come down, nor do we expect it to come down as much as it has the last two years. And then the other aspect of that is we want to be able to add other features and push the consumer to buy us, so to speak, on some of our products.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: And then just as a follow on to that, I think you said mix low end versus I guess high-end was 80-20 if I am not mistaken, number one, and do you expect that kind of level, that level, that mix shift to be relatively constant throughout 2009? And then two, are you seeing even any change in pricing within that segment is basically – I guess how you define low end PNDs, are those ASPs coming down?
Kevin Rauckman: Actually what I said was 85% of a unit basis at the low end versus the high-end, and how we define that is set around prices really on our product line. So anything that is nuvi 5 series, 7, 8 and 9 series would be what we call the higher end, and then everything else would be the lower price or the low end, so 85% on the low end, and we don't expect that to really change much going forward. So the mix shift that we have seen over the last two years we believe is kind of behind us and should stabilize over the next year or two.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then just two other quick questions, I think I missed this, your long-term gross margins for PND, could you – on the automobile segment, did you provide that?
Kevin Rauckman: No, we did not.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: No, you did not. Do you have a number that you could share with us in terms of how we should think of…
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, we had 36% coming in an environment where prices were pretty low, so we're thinking 35%, 33% to 35% in that range is what we would like to see in 2009.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Got it. And then lastly I guess on your dividend policy, is that, have you guys considered or thought about what your or how you're going to approach that in 2009? Is it likely to be the same as what it was last year? Or is that being discussed?
Kevin Rauckman: Typically we would make a recommendation based on the cash available, excess cash in our business. I think it is too premature to talk about whether we would pay dividend or how much we would pay. We will just keep an eye on the cash balances during the year. Clearly, we want to have enough cash not to get into a position like some of the rest in the market where they have to go out and debt finance their business, that is one thing we want to avoid is we want to stay debt free during a very difficult economy. So we will just – stay tuned on that, whether we pay dividend in 2009 or not.
Thomas Lee – Goldman Sachs: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you so much. And our next question comes from J. B. Groh.
J. B. Groh – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my call. I had a question on aviation, I think you touched on a little bit, but the pretty dramatic drop off, Q3 to Q4, would you attribute that to just – is it seasonality, is at a later new product introduction that you mentioned in Q4, is it business jet or is it handheld, can you maybe explain that drop off, just to help us get a little bit better gauge as to what is going on there?
Clifton Pemble: There may be a combination of factors including some seasonality, but I think the primary reasons are consumers really slowed down during the fourth quarter and that included people in the high-end of the markets like aviation, retrofit markets were challenged, as well as portable markets, and so that is really I think the bulk of what we saw there in the fourth quarter for aviation.
J. B. Groh – D. A. Davidson & Co.: But in terms of, would you say that the business jet production or the higher-end OEM production that you are in, did that falloff in Q4 too as well then?
Clifton Pemble: Yes. It really depends on what segment of the market and what particular product line you're talking about. The light jets have been fairly strong, not a lot of movement there in terms of changes. The smaller lower cost aircraft have been affected somewhat by the economic conditions and as I mentioned earlier some of that will still play out in the coming year as order cycles are quite long in aviation.
J. B. Groh – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Great. Thanks for your time.
Clifton Pemble: Thanks J.B.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Bright.
John Bright – Avondale Partners LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Kevin, in your prepared remarks, you talked about evaluating, making some adjustments in certain areas to align your cost structure I think with market demand, is there something there that you could share with us that might be in the works?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think it is a little bit too early to tell. We are watching market demand for both short-term and then throughout 2009, evaluating the level of confidence in the business, and it is too premature to talk about anything specifically. But it something we’re watching very carefully and we have put a budget in place in terms of number of people we have and the size of the business and we are carefully evaluating that week-to-week on how things shape out.
John Bright – Avondale Partners LLC: On the nuvifone side, in the current economic environment, had you changed your benchmark for success on the nuvifone? I think previously we talked about maybe a million units over a 12 month period, have you changed what you think would be success or your benchmark of success in a downward economic environment?
Kevin Rauckman: No. I think we still view that there will be a market available if we get the product out and into various channels and start to sell them. We think that the location based services that will be – I think the difference Clif already alluded to will be a key differentiator in that market. But we really don't have any changes on what we think would be successful, whether we would be successful or not in the market.
John Bright – Avondale Partners LLC: Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ben Bollin.
Ben Bollin – Cleveland Research Company: Thank you. Good afternoon. Could you talk a little bit about what you see happening with your retail and channel partners as far as their strategy as they look at GPS and PND and shelf space and or total SKUs that they are allocating?
Kevin Rauckman: So far retailers are still showing a lot of commitment to this product category and we are going through research now for spring, and really quite encouraged in terms of the product placements as well as the amount of space that people are allocating there.
Ben Bollin – Cleveland Research Company: Could you talk a little bit also about which components are the most expensive in the bill of materials and which pieces contributed most of the cost savings in 2008?
Kevin Rauckman: I think there hasn’t been a lot of changes there. It continues to be the LCD or the displays, the flash and the GPS chips, those are the three major components. And then not necessarily hardware components, but the mapping data that we license from Maptech is another major component in our cost structure, but those have not nearly changed though I would say. Flash from a cost perspective has come down faster over the last year than some of the other components, but the bill of materials is essentially pretty stable over the last 12 months.
Ben Bollin – Cleveland Research Company: My last question, when you look at nuvifone, can you say how much total R&D spent on the platform and how many total SKUs you are targeting to launch in 2009?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we are approaching life to date or program to date nearly 20 million of R&D in that product line. And then the number of SKUs, we have announced few at this point, there will be other products that we will announce as we go through the year.
Ben Bollin – Cleveland Research Company: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question comes from the line of James Faucette.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks very much. I just had a couple of follow-up questions. Firstly a question of clarification, when you say that you expect that your PND will be roughly flat in 2009, did you mean that you expect your revenues from that to be flat, so growth in units offsetting decline in ASPs or should we think about PND units actually being down year over year?
Kevin Rauckman: We meant PND units flat with some ASP decline inherent in the market.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, great. And then just a question on as best as you can on near-term development of demand particularly in the PND group but if you have more color on other spaces, that’s welcome as well, but just wondering from your perspective what you’ve seen from a sell through perspective so far in February versus maybe the way January ramped for you?
Kevin Rauckman: We have commented on that on earlier questions. I think we see that Q1 over Q1 year over year will be down and we have had a sell through of some of the inventory that majoring retailers were carrying, and we watch that very carefully on a week to week basis and we're starting to see some large orders now coming out of those big box retailers primarily in the North American market.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest Securities: Right. I guess I understood the year over year commentary but I'm just wondering like if you compare kind of how February would be running – has been running versus what you saw in the month of January, is that…
Kevin Rauckman: February is going to be a month – we can’t give a lot of details, we aren’t giving guidance [ph] but definitely February our sales was up from where January was. That is all I can communicate at this point.
James Faucette – Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, that’s great. That’s very helpful, thanks very much.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue.
Clifton Pemble: All right, thanks everyone, and we will catch everyone up later. Thanks for your interest and we will be talking later in the year. Thank you.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - Investor Relation Officer Cliff Pemble - President and Chief Operating Officer Kevin S. Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts:  Mark Sue - RBC Capital Markets Amir Roslokowski - Lehman Brothers Reik Read - Robert W. Baird Paul Coster - JP Morgan Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Company Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank Jeff Evanson - Dougherty Company J. B. Groh - D. A. Davidson Jeff Rath - Canaccord Adams Peter Friedland - Soleil Rob Sanderson - American Technology Research Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel   
Operator: Good morning, my name is Bobby Jo and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 2008 Earnings Call for Garmin Limited. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Ms. Kerri Thurston, you may begin your conference.
Kerri Thurston - Investor Relation Officer: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's second quarter 2008 earnings call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides which can be viewed during this call. An archive of the webcast will be available until August 30, 2008. A telephone recording will be available two business days following this call, and a transcript of the call will be available on the website within 48 hours at www.garmin.com/stock under the Events Calendar tab. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introduction, and future demand for our products, and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2007 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending this call on the behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer. The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble - President and Chief Operating Officer: Good morning. As you've read from our press release this morning, Garmin achieved another record quarter of revenue. Financial highlights from Q1 include revenue growth of 23% to $912 million with double-digit growth in Automotive, Outdoor/Fitness, and Aviation. Both North America and Europe experienced year-over-year revenue growth of 27% and 19% respectively. Gross margins for the quarter were 46%, which is down 2% sequentially and also down 5% year over year, but exceeded our earlier expectation. We also achieved strong operating margins of 26%. Some notable business highlights for the quarter -- independent market research indicates we have strengthened our market share to 55% in North America and approximately 20% in Europe, which further solidifies our worldwide leadership position in the PND market. Total unit shipments exceeded 3.9 million in the quarter, resulting in a year-over-year growth rate of 54%. Our Auto/Mobile segment growth continues to outpace overall market growth as brand awareness and product differentiation benefit Garmin. The Outdoor/Fitness segment outperformed our expectations due to higher demand for new devices like the Edge and the Colorado series, along with a new Forerunner 405. Finally, we completed the acquisition of our Belgian and Finnish distributors, the sixth and seven distributors acquired to date, in line with our strategy to improve European market share and presence. As you have read in our press release, we continue to see challenges associated with macroeconomic conditions. Even in the face of weakening consumers spending, we were pleased to report double-digit revenue growth in three of our four business segment. In Automotive and Mobile segment, revenues grew 24% as the market continues to expand and our products continue to gain market share. Aviation revenues grew 15% as the OEM market achieved strong growth that was offset by weakness in retrofit and portable products. Revenues from the Outdoor/Fitness segment grew 54% as customers embraced our compelling new products. And finally, Marine revenues fell 11% year over year. Q2 of 2007 included pipeline sales of our new chart plotter lineup and thus was a tough comparison. But higher fuel prices and overall economic conditions weakened the entire higher marine industry and affected our results as well. We would now like to update everybody regarding our view of in the current market and economy trends impacting Garmin's diverse business segments. As has been widely discussed, the PND market is not growing as fast as in prior years as the market matures. However, the PND market remains one of the fastest growing categories with consumer electronics and we continue to see strong opportunities in the segment as the global market continues to expand, penetration rates climb, and replacement market begins to develop. Garmin continues to experience strong market share in North America. According to (NPD), our market share averaged 55% during the quarter. Year over year we experienced a 25% decline in ASP, which is in line with our full year expectations, but less than that experienced in Q1, which as you recall was caused by channel clearing and competitors leaving the market. We have been able to largely offset the decline in ASP through component cost reductions and improved operating efficiency. As I previously mentioned, the marine industry has been negatively impacted by the economy and specifically by high fuel prices. We are seeing a similar impact to the aviation segment as demand for retrofit and portable products has weakened and some aircraft manufacturers are scaling back their production plans. As I mentioned earlier, we recently completed the acquisition of our Belgian and Finnish distributors, which are the sixth and seventh distributor acquisitions we have completed to date. We now own distributors covering approximately 70% of the European market and they are clearly helping to increase our market share and serve customers better than we were able to do in the past. Additionally, we expect to complete the acquisitions of our distributors in Austria and Portugal during Q3. As mentioned in last quarter, we are establishing local offices in emerging markets, which have strong growth potential. On July 1, we launched the Garmin-owned Australian sales office to directly serve that growing market and are anticipating strong results in the second half of the year. We also established an office in China to better support our in-country distributor in this growing market. Turning next to product updates, in the second quarter, we began delivering the nüvi 800 series to our dealers and distributors. These devices feature cutting edge speech recognition capabilities that are activated by users through a push-to-talk wireless remote attached to the steering wheel. The 800 family offers many other high end features, including MSN Direct, Bluetooth, mp3 and audio book players, travel features, and premium points of interest. The nüvi 800 is quickly gaining a reputation for offering the best speech recognition capability on the market today. The newest addition to the nüvi family is the 500 series, which was announced last week. The nüvi 500 series are waterproof, multi-mode devices preloaded with both road and topographic maps, making them perfect for driving, cycling, boating, or walking. The nüvi 500 uses our Garmin Connect photo portal, where users can select scenic destinations from millions of geo-located photos provided by Google's Panoramio. In addition, boating enthusiasts can add BlueChart marine maps, making the nüvi 500 the most versatile device on the market today. In the Aviation segment, we recently have completed certification of our revolutionary new Synthetic Vision System. We believe this technology will transform the way in which critical attitude and situational information is presented to the pilot. Synthetic vision provides accurate displays of terrain, flight hazards, traffic, flight path markers, and highway-in-the-sky symbology so that the pilot can maintain an unparalleled situational awareness even when flying in conditions of reduced visibility or darkness. We are pleased to welcome Cirrus Design as our newest OEM customer. Cirrus chose to offer the most advanced integrated cockpit features in the Cirrus prospective system, including dual AHRS and air data and the Synthetic Vision System. In addition, the Cirrus prospective cockpit offers several unique features designed to assist the pilot in high workload environments, including custom controllers and new autopilot functions. In the Outdoor segment, we recently started delivering the new Oregon series of outdoor handheld devices, which combine a touch-screen interface with preloaded maps, making this the ultimate outdoor handheld. This waterproof device also integrates our HotFix technology, which provides faster time to first fix even in challenging signal environments commonly found in the outdoors. The Oregon is compatible with our heart rate monitors and speed and cadence sensors and can exchange data with other Oregon and Colorado users over its wireless data link. During the second quarter, Garmin became a title sponsor of Team Garmin Chipotle, which recently completed the Tour de France. We are excited to be associated with an elite cycling team dedicated to clean competition and rigorous drug testing. The team is utilizing our Edge 705 for both training and racing, while the team bus and support cars are guided by the nüvi 770. The team exceeded expectations throughout the tour with numerous top ten stage finishes and Christian Vande Velde fifth place finish overall. We look forward to many future successes with this young team. Next I want to provide an update on our progress on nüvifone development. As we stated in our press release this morning, the mobile network operator launch of the phone will not occur in 2008 as we earlier anticipated, but we look forward to US and European carrier announcements in 2009. While we had hoped to have carrier launches in the fourth quarter, implementing carrier-specific requirements has taken longer than we anticipated. We continue to be very pleased with carrier interest in the device and we remain completely committed to bringing a device like no other to the mobile community. Finally, while Kevin will provide details regarding our updated full year forecast, I did want to briefly touch on our revised outlook. Our revised guidance calls for revenue of approximately $3.9 billion and EPS of approximately $4.13, which includes a 27 cent gain from our Tele Atlas shares tendered in 2008. While this falls short of earlier expectations, our revised guidance delivers 23% growth in revenues and 9% growth in EPS despite a weaker worldwide economy and increases in our tax rate. We will continue to focus on product innovation, which will drive growth in the years to come. With that, I'll turn the call over to Kevin.
Kevin S. Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thanks Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I wanted to walk you through the details of our second quarter income statement results, giving you guys a little bit more detail on the revenue by geography and segments, talk a lot about the margins in our business, and finally end up with some additional financial details on the balance sheet and cash flow. So on the second quarter income statement; we announced revenue of $912 million, net income of $256 million, and then earnings pre share of $1.19 per share. This represents 23% top-line growth and 21% EPS growth, including the gain on the TA shares. We did see a favorable 1 cent earnings per share impact due to the FX gain of approximately $900,000 during the second quarter. So excluding the FX gain, our earnings per share grew 18%. Gross margin of 45.8% was better than expected due to the moderation of the ASP decline as Cliff mentioned, material cost reductions that we've continued to experience, and other operating efficiencies in our business. We did see a $3 million decrease in operating income compared to the second quarter of '07. However, our operating margin was 26.2% for the quarter, down from 32.5% last year but better than expected. We achieved the 26.2% operating margin through gross margin being unfavorable year over year by 470 basis points. Advertising was favorable 120 basis points. Our other SG&A was unfavorable by 210 basis points. However, most of this increase, $15 million of the year-over-year increase was due to integration of our five European distributors since this time last year. R&D was also unfavorable at 80 basis points during the quarter. Our unit shipments grew some 54% year over year as over 3.9 million units were delivered during the quarter on the strength of our Auto/Mobile segment. Average selling price was $233 per unit, 8% down from $238 in the first quarter and 20% below the second quarter of '07. The non-GAAP measures that we recorded included net income excluding the effects of foreign currency. And the FX gain does not reflect the gain associated with the tender of our TA shares. This FX impact was 1 cent per share favorable during second quarter. During Q2, we experienced 24% revenue growth within the Auto/Mobile segment while the unit growth in that segment was 65%. Marine segment revenues declined 11% compared to Q2 of '07. Our Aviation segment achieved a 15% revenue increased during the quarter. Our Outdoor/Fitness segment also experienced double-digit revenue growth of 54% compared to the second quarter of '07 with the Fitness category leading the way. In total, our revenues grew 23% during the second quarter, which represents growth in our global PND market share. Our total revenues are up 28% on a year-to-date basis with the Auto/Mobile and Outdoor/Fitness segments leading the way. During the second quarter, North American revenue was up 27% while our European business increased 19% during the quarter. Our APAC region sales declined 6% during the period due to the planned transition from our distributor in Australia to selling Garmin products directly in that country. Unit growth in North America exceeded that of Europe as North American PND market grew at a 100% year over year. We experienced 65% unit growth from our PND products, with North America as I said leading the way at nearly 100%. As the Auto/Mobile segment remained the highest growth business at Garmin, it now represents 69% of our total business during the quarter, up one point from second quarter of ’07. Because of the stronger growth in North America during the quarter, - that geographic region represents 63% of our total quarterly business. Europe now accounts for 34% of our total revenue. The low end unit sales of PND continued to account for approximately 80% of our total PND business. The low end revenues of the PND account for approximately 70% of the total Auto/Mobile segment. During the second, quarter our Aviation and Outdoor/Fitness gross margins increased to 73% and 57% respectively due to product mix. Operating margin for these segments also grew on the strength of the gross margin with Aviation at 44% and Outdoor/Fitness at 38%. We continue to target long-term margins in these segments at 65% and 35% and 55% and 35% respectively for the Aviation and Outdoor/Fitness segments. Q2 Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were 39% and 20% respectively, down 100 basis points compared to the first quarter of ’08 when excluding the benefits we saw in foreign currency. Gross margin of 39% was in line with expectations and ASP declined 24% and cost declined 20% compared to the second quarter of '07. Q2 Marine gross margin was on target at 56% compared to 58% a year ago. Operating margin was also in line as expectations of 34%. This was down from 42% at the same quarter last year when we benefited from new product introductions in this segment. We continue to expect PND price declines of approximately 25% during 2008 offset by projected raw material cost reductions of approximately 20%. As a result, we expect our PND margins to decline from 39% in the second quarter to the mid 30% range in late 2008. However, due to increased volume in the second half of 2008 we expect to achieve sizable operating profit expansion within the Auto/Mobile segment. Moving next to our operating expenses for the quarter, R&D increased $16 million year over year and was up 80 basis points to 5.9% of sales. We now employee over 1700 engineers and engineering associates worldwide. Our ad spending increased only $1.5 million on the year-ago quarter, but on a percentage of basis, advertising was down 120 basis points to 6.4% of sales. We expect ad spending to decrease slightly in the third quarter, but then again increase in the fourth quarter holiday selling season. Other SG&A increased 210 basis points to 7.3% of sales from 5.2% a year ago. As I said earlier, the majority of this increase was due to the integration of five European distributors that we have acquired since this period last year. We expect that our SG&A expenses will increase slightly in each remaining quarter of 2008, but we'll continue to monitor the business needs in each of these business functions. Moving next to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of just over $1 billion. Our accounts receivable increased sequentially from the first quarter to $680 million on a heels of a much stronger sales quarter and accounts for approximately 60 days of sales at the end of the quarter. Our inventory balances decreased to $656 million following the spring selling season, and our days of inventory metric decreased from 98 days at the end of the first quarter to 88 days at the end of the second quarter, primarily in our finished goods inventory. So at the end of Q2, we have the following levels of inventory and days. We have $173 million in raw material, which account for 22 days of inventory, $57 million in WIP, 8 days of inventory, $458 million in finished goods, which was approximately 58 days of inventory, and finally we have $32 million in our inventory reserves at the end of the period. As we've stated in the past, product availability continues to be a top priority for Garmin and has contributed to our success. However, given the shorter product lifecycles of PND products, we're still working to manage our inventory carefully and it's our goal to have adequate inventory to support our customer needs. But we intend to carry the right level and mix of inventory to minimize the risk of obsolescence. Evaluating the retail channel inventory at the end of the second quarter, we believe that inventory in the channel continues to be lean as the sell-through of most of our products was strong in the second quarter. Our cash flow from operations during Q2 was $88 million. CAPEX invested was $53 million. Free cash flow, therefore, was $34 million. The cash flow provided by investing was $146 million during the second quarter, which was made up of the $53 million of CAPEX, primarily due to the Taiwan product line purchases that we entered in the quarter, $209 million net redemption of marketable securities, and $10 million use of cash due to the acquisition of businesses and intangibles. Our cash flow from financing was $223 million use of cash during the second quarter primarily made up of $228 million use of cash on our stock buyback and a generation of $5 million cash due to the issuance of stock options during the period. We earned an average of 3.6% on all cash and marketable securities during the quarter. Touching next on equity, Garmin repurchased over 5.2 million shares during the period as I mentioned a $228 million use of cash. Subsequent to the close of the quarter, however, the company purchased the remaining 3.4 million shares under a Rule 10b5-1 plan. There remain 5 million shares available for repurchase and Garmin intends to be an active buyer of the shares as business and market conditions warrant. Our diluted shares outstanding declined to 215.6 million shares due to the shares repurchased during the period. And finally, giving a little bit more detail on our full year outlook, you notice we did bring down the revenue expectations to at least $3.9 billion for the year, which is a 23% top-line growth for 2008. We still expect our operating margins to come in at 25% for the year and our earnings per share excluding the FX of $4.13, which would be 9% growth rate for the year. For the full year, we expect CAPEX to be $120 million. As discussed in our last earnings call, the tax rate is now 19% across our business and we expect an average diluted share count for the full year to be 214 million shares. Looking at our segment revenue expectations, given the reduction in our earlier guidance to $3.9 million, we now expect our Auto/Mobile segment to increase 25% to $2.9 billion-plus. Our Outdoor/Fitness segment, we've actually raised guidance there up to 30% growth for the year to little over $400 million. And as Cliff mentioned in his comments on both Marine and Aviation due to the economy and fuel prices, we expect Marine to be essentially flat and Aviation now to grow 15% for the full year. So that ends our formal comments. At this point, we'd like to open it up for any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Mark Sue of RBC Capital Markets.
Mark Sue: Thank you. The PND unit growth was less than those expected while ASPs were better. Maybe if you could help us understand the balance you are trying to strike between unit growth in ASP discipline and perhaps your assumptions of price elasticity in terms of -- relative to this economic climate that we are in?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think we have commented on the fact that the price decline went from 35% in Q1 to essentially 25% a year-over-year decline in Q2. We expect that to continue to come down as we go through the end of the year. It's likely that as we go through the Holiday season we could say ASP decline as well as 20% on a year-over-year basis. So from a striking a balance, I think that's always the challenge you is ot whether the appropriate price in order to generate incremental or elasticity of demand, the good thing that we see is that we did gain share during the period where the pricing was little bit more favorable. As we go through the year we still expect the unit demand to be – at market growth if not above through the rest of the year.
Mark Sue: Okay, that’s helpful. And then on the nuvifone, any thoughts on what's creating the delay, is it anything related to production or future sets that you might need to add or is it mostly price negotiations or is it the carrier that’s taking its time?
Cliff Pemble: I think the delays are really to try to accommodate carrier specific requirement which as you know are different than open market requirements, so that’s what we are working on right now.
Mark Sue: And any thoughts on what we should be assuming for nuvifone units in 2009, a range possibly?
Cliff Pemble: I think at this time probably I don’t have any guidance for you.
Mark Sue: Okay. And then just lastly Outdoor/Fitness, maybe if you could just talk about the sustainability of the strength that you are seeing there with the Colorado and also the Forerunner products?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think, Outdoor/Fitness is what we call one of our mature markets. It’s a core market, very good segment that it does have much smaller base and probably limited growth potential. We do think the new products are driving the growth and causing people to embrace our products. And also there could be some factor that with the current fuel prices and the economic condition, people are looking for more green activities to do and Outdoor/Fitness is definitely one of those.
Mark Sue: Okay, that’s helpful. Thank you and good luck gentlemen.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Amir Roslokowski of Lehman Brothers.
Amir Roslokowski: Thank you very much for taking the question folks. Can you give a little bit, dig in a little bit about the Nüvifone delay, how much of the guidance revision should we consider is affected by the delay of the Nüvifone?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we never communicated that we have significant number of units or revenue in the fourth quarter, I think really what we are talking about here is maybe as much as 100 million of the 600 million that we dropped that literally is just due to the economic conditions that we’ve been watching and now that we are three months further into the year we had better visibility into the back half of PND and overall Auto/Mobile but to be honest with you it’s not a significant adjustment really on the full year.
Amir Roslokowski: Okay, that’s helpful. And looking at the guidance Kevin, looking at the lower growth, although it seems to suggest that units are or unit growth is primarily the driver for that your PND business, but we have seen this quarter it seems like North American units were fairly healthy, should we sort of consider the downward revision a revision to the outlook of the 100% unit growth in North America or are you facing sort of market declines in Europe, I just wanted to understand sort of the puts and takes there geographically?
Kevin Rauckman: I think if we look at our unit growth so far, we are still seeing about 100% unit growth in North America across two quarters, and actually our European business's unit growth has outpaced the market where at least 50% up year-over-year through the first two quarters. I think the overall unit expectations on the PND for Europe for the full year are approximately 30% growth. So we will likely see a decline in growth in both of those geographic regions as we go through the year, I mean a lot of it has to do with how big does the fourth quarter get for us and that's what we are trying to estimate here with our revised guidance.
Amir Roslokowski: Okay. And then I think lastly just digging in a bit into the inventory level, I mean we have sort of revised sort of unit expectations for the year. Inventories came down sequentially, but still are at fairly healthy levels. I mean how are the puts and takes there in terms of unit guidance coming in, but inventory levels remaining at a fairly healthy levels? Should we be concerned at these levels, could you give us a little bit more comfortability there?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I think we have down place these potential risks that you all as analysts see in our business. I mean, clearly we targeted 90 days of inventory in our business even with a very rapid product lifecycle, and again in Q2 we are at 88, so we dropped the finished goods down where we think is a reasonable level of 58 days. When you look at the detail of inventory part number by part number, we have introduced many new products this year across the board and most of our inventory includes the new products. So we feel like there is very low risk of obsolescence. And then when you take into account the second half and primarily the fourth quarter demand, we feel like we have the appropriate net amount of inventory to support the market growth in the back half.
Amir Roslokowski: Great. Thank you very much for taking the question.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you, Amir.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Reik Read of Robert W. Baird.
Reik Read: Follow up a little bit on that question. It just seems like the working capital metrics have become a little bit more challenge, you are seeing a decline in cash flow from operations. Do you expect that to start to unwind a little bit in the back half of the year and what are the things that you are doing to try and manage that?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think unwind, if you mean are we trying to offset some of the trends we have seen. I think just in the first half, you can see our AR, accounts receivable, typically we see a big increase in AR in both the second and the fourth quarter. So it's nothing unusual there as the use of cash. Inventory, again as I mentioned, we feel like we have the appropriate amount of inventory. Payables has been a little bit of use of cash, but I think we will see a turnaround in that in the back half of the year. So in general, our free cash flow, our cash flow from operations will follow the -- attract the seasonal trends we see in our business. We still expect to generate very solid cash flow from operations in the second half.
Reik Read: And I understand what you are saying about the seasonality, Kevin. It just seems like from a trend perspective, the DSOs are climbing and I am just wondering if there is something that is happening there or is something that you guys can do to manage that a little bit?
Kevin Rauckman: We were doing best we can managing the cash collection from our retail partners, retail customers. We don’t -- we look at the risks of collectability and we feel like there is very low risk there. In fact what we had, one or two small write-offs due to bad debt even in a somewhat weakened economy. So we are pretty comfortable with our AR at this point.
Reik Read: Okay. And then just a quick question on the guidance, the 25% operating margin. Is that including the Tele Atlas gains?
Kevin Rauckman: Well again, the Tele Atlas gains were about in the operating margin, so no. That’s the one that allows…
Reik Read: Okay. And then just a quick question on the PND side of things. It looks like the expenses maybe were a little bit higher than expected. Is that the case and what's the long term target there as a percentage of sales just in the PND auto space?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think we talked about 39 gross and 20 operating, I think we can still see some leverage as we see a pretty sizable volume increase particularly in the fourth quarter in that segment. So I mentioned our gross margins even with maybe a 20% ASP decline will get down into the mid 30s and we are hopeful that we can still retain a similar operating margin as we go through the rest of the year.
Reik Read: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Coster of JP Morgan.
Paul Coster: I wonder if you could share with us any statistics you might have on the upgrade cycles for the PND segment? How long before people particularly replace the devices and what are the factors that go into that?
Cliff Pemble: I think that details on that are probably similar, it's a little bit hard to come by and so most of what we see is more anecdotal. We have been seeing a large increase in our database sales, so we know the customers are upgrading databases and refreshing their units and we think empirically from general consumer markets that people would probably tend to keep a device like this for somewhere in the two to four year timeframe before it becomes practical to buy a newer model with better features and lower cost.
Paul Coster: You don’t have any stats runs for instance what percentage of your PND sales might be to existing Garmin customers just as a measure of brand royalty?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I don’t think we have any stats that we can share with you.
Paul Coster: Okay, got it. Do you have a sense as the number of weeks the channel inventory in North America for the PND category?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think it really depends on the retailer, but in general we haven’t seen a change there because we get very good data from the major customers like BestBuy, CircuitCity, Wal-Mart, and Target all that inventory on hand that we really depends on each specific retailer which we are not at liberty to comment on.
Paul Coster: In terms of the categories of channel, can you talk about which are manifesting better strength than others?
Kevin Rauckman: In the churn growth, the retail versus Internet?
Paul Coster: Retail versus Internet and for that matter sort of big box consumer electronics verus budget kind of outlets and so?
Kevin Rauckman: Garmin would still be one of the top sellers on the internet, for example , on Amazon.com, but still a majority of our units are sold around the world through the brick-and-mortar, through the retail store.
Paul Coster: Got it. Last question. In acquiring these distributors in Europe what impact does that have on gross operating margins?
Kevin Rauckman: Well in the near term we have been able to I think in some cases raise prices or hold prices without seeing a reduction in price because of the taking out of the middle-man so to speak. And operating margin I think we have seen increase, as I mentioned $15 million of increased SG&A from year-over-year because we now own those businesses. But depending on how much benefit we are able to get out of gross margin determines how much of an impact on the operating margin we have. Let say operating margin is probably is not much impact, but maybe a little bit of benefit on the gross line.
Paul Coster: Thank you very much.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner of Oppenheimer & Company.
Yair Reiner: Good morning. First question is on the PND gross margin. Sequentially looks like ASPs were flat, but gross margins came down. Can you explain how that happened?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think if you – what I tried to communicate in Q1 we had about 300 basis points benefit due to the foreign currency see in Q1 and we didn’t really see as much, nearly as much in Q2. So its more normalized margin would have been closer to 40% in Q1 and we had 39% in Q2. So I think ASPs as you suggested was actually flat during the quarter.
Yair Reiner: And I guess input cost also quarter-on-quarter were essentially flat or slightly up?
Kevin Rauckman: I am sorry, say it again?
Yair Reiner: The cost per unit was essentially flat or slightly up quarter-on-quarter?
Kevin Rauckman: On an absolute basis, that’s about right, yeah.
Yair Reiner: Okay. But I guess you expect input cost to I guess continue declining in the back half of the year?
Kevin Rauckman: No, if we look at the trends that we have seen year-to-date, we have actually on an average prices come down about -- this is across the business, this is not just PND. Our prices come down approximately 22%, and our cost come down approximately 20%. So as we said earlier, we still expect our input costs, raw material costs to continue to come down about 20% on a year-over-year basis. Pricing, as we said, should moderate towards the back half of the year.
Yair Reiner: Okay. When I look at your full year guidance for the PND side, it seems to assume that you are going to basically maintain your current unit growth rate of about 65% or so for the balance of the year. And given the tough comps you have versus the second half of 2007, do you have in that growth, and is there something beyond North America and Western Europe that’s going to help contribute to that growth in the second half?
Kevin Rauckman:
 :
Yair Reiner: Okay. Just a couple of quick questions on the Nüvifone. First, how do the delays now with the carriers impact R&D for the back half of the year and the follow up there is that, it seems like to have the adequate scale to compete in that market, you have to have I would say probably list 1 million phones sold per year. Is that kind of your internal target and if you don’t get there in 2009, is that when you start kind of rethinking your long-term commitment to that market?
Min Kao: I will address the R&D first of all, maybe Cliff want to comment on the unit volumes. But in general we – the announcement today on the delays really has virtually nothing to do with the R&D. We already had plans to develop the product. We are working very diligently to try to get to conclusion there, but from the financial trend there shouldn’t be any difference there on the R&D cost. Do you want to address the unit volumes?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah I think we would probably tend to agree with you on the unit volumes and it’s within a range of what have we are thinking as well 
Min Kao:  Good, thank you. I'll get back in queue.
Cliff Pemble:  Thanks.
Operator:  Your next question come form line of Jonathan Goldberg, of Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Goldberg:  Thanks for taking my call. A quick question on Europe. I know you guys have been working pretty hard there, marketing, pricing pretty aggressively, but you also don’t seem to have made that much progress in terms of market share. It seems a little bit better but not as much as we would have expected. We've seen TomTom weaker than expected there. What is going on in that market there? Is it just that we've reached steady state in that market and there's not that much growth left? 
Kevin Rauckman: I guess I probably differ on the categorization of the European market share growth. We've seen a year ago, a year and a half ago when we started acquiring distributor there our market share was low teens if not like 11, 12% at where at least 20% now in the European market. So we've have seen – we feel like we have seen sizeable growth there and again as I mentioned our unit growth is exceeding the overall unit growth of the European market. So I think we are, that's what we are seeing. Another data point that might be helpful is on the ASPs we've actually seen a recent benefit due to the acquisition of the some of the distributors, our ASPs actually came up a little bit in Europe in the recent quarter on the PND market. 
Jonathan Goldberg: Okay, and then on marine and aviation, it seemed at least in the past quarter in Q2 marine took a bit hit, aviation was slowing but not as bad. Why are the two markets different or are they just going to be the same now? 
Cliff Pemble: I think marine, we mentioned that there was a very difficult comparable that we had in Q3 of 2007 when we introduced our new chartplotter lines, so we had tremendous growth in Q2, of 2007 and was a difficult comparable for this year. But even with that in mind we do believe that fuel prices and the general economy are affecting marine a lot. In the aviation side comparing and contrasting we are seeing the impact of high fuel prices and economy in our retrofit and portable business as we mentioned. But that is offset by a really strong OEM presence that we have in aviation. And so far in Q3 the OEMs have not been or at least our OEM business has not been so impacted by the economy; we do see some aircraft manufacturers cutting their production schedules going forward. So that's a part of our revised guidance that we have in the aviation growth. 
Jonathan Goldberg: Okay, thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next comes from Jeff Evanson, of Dougherty Company.
Jeff Evanson: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions.
Kevin Rauckman:  You are welcome.
Jeff Evanson: I was wondering if you could talk, Kevin, about what type of buying patterns you saw in the quarter in the PND category? Was there any shift in retailer buying in the month of June? 
Kevin Rauckman: Are you looking at seasonality month to month? 
Jeff Evanson: Exactly
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I think Well, we've commented earlier on several different occasions, April was the weakest month during the quarter, may picks up with a lot of the promotional activity due to the Mother's Day, Father's day, dad's and grads season, and then June, I think June came in maybe just a little bit below expectations but still sequentially up from May. So that's the way the quarter rolled out.
Jeff Evanson: Okay. And I just want to clarify; you did say that you feel that retailer inventories are about consistent with a year ago?
Kevin Rauckman: I think just consistent with what we've continued to track on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We don't see a lot of build up of inventory in the channel at this point. I mean, given the fact that particularly in North America we are still seeing 100% unit growth. There's not a lot of excess there.
Jeff Evanson: Okay. I am trying, if you could the unpack the statements around the Asia Pacific change in distribution or Australia change in distribution?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, what we experienced in Austria is we had moved from an independent distributor and now we've transition and now own, have our own physical location in Sidney. And what happened in Q1 it was a by ahead of some inventory there from our distributor to be able to sell into that channel during the Q2 when we were in a transition mode. And so from a, I think it could be as much as.
Jeff Evanson: About 60,000 units? About 80,000 units?
Kevin Rauckman: Not that much. 7 or $8 million difference between Q1 and Q2, which really net on a low impact Asia Pacific base related in fact the sales trend. I think just a short term one quarter issue that we now own a distributor, it was shipping, it was actually pretty strong growth in that country, in that continent, in the second half.
Jeff Evanson: Did you feel this transition was completely behind you by the end of Q2 or we see some effect in Q3?
Kevin Rauckman: That’s behind us. We essentially started shipping some Garmin location on July 1.
Jeff Evanson: Okay. Back on PND is related to the components, did you overall component build material decline sequentially?
Kevin Rauckman: Sequentially from Q1 to Q2 yes.
Jeff Evanson: And then, could you talk a little bit about the increase in the build material sequentially outside of the components that some of that was FX, but..?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, that’s FX and then we have other cost of sales which include warranty cost, freight and duty, obsolescence those kinds of cost.
Jeff Evanson: Okay. And you think specific within that list or is it all kind of a up a little things?
Kevin Rauckman: That’s not.
Jeff Evanson: Alright. I didn’t notice an increase in the provision for doubtful accounts anything you can share with us there?
Kevin Rauckman: It is – its just down a couple of refocus and risk and as I said we really had virtually no line up, but we have set the account for possible write offs later in the year and also this increase sales as we go through the year.
Jeff Evanson: Okay, and then my last question I think you pretty much address this but just noting the decline in automobile operating profit, can you take that can back up in Q3 or should are we really waiting to Q4 for that to start to grow year-over-year?
Kevin Rauckman: I think its more of a Q4, that typically is a seasonality of our business is relatively flat Q2 to Q3 as total business. So I would expect most of the operating profit increases to occur in the fourth quarter.
Jeff Evanson: Okay.
Kevin Rauckman: They can be sized or as I mentioned just due to the leverage on the volume.
Jeff Evanson: Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of J. B. Groh of D. A. Davidson.
J. B. Groh: Hi guys.
Cliff Pemble: Hi David.
J. B. Groh: Hi guys. Had a question on Aviation. Cliff kind of answered it a little bit I think. Was big driver the margins there, typically I think of the handheld being the best margin, but it sounds like there was some impact on fuel prices. So is it OEM that shorting there or is it handheld or is it new product in the last three, four and six, but was there anything in this quarter they accounted for that nice margin increase?
Kevin Rauckman: I think its just still strength in the margins across the OEM business, we don’t necessarily see pricing pressure going on there that would impact the gross margin, but just in general the demand is weaker because of the economy.
J. B. Groh: So, it was OEM that drove the margin in the quarter?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, OEM is really significant part of our aviation business. Yes.
J. B. Groh: So that’s probably, fairly sustainable?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah again depending on the impact OEMs on economic conditions as I mentioned we aren’t, some of that start to come through now and especially in the lower end airplanes the mid upper range airplanes and the light jets that seem to be impacted.
Kevin Rauckman: I think you probably start over is a 73% sustainable, as I mentioned in my comment we think a more normalized number is 65% gross margin and we could beat that, but I wouldn’t expect 73% every quarter.
J. B. Groh: So that turns out to mid or low 40s on a operating basis?
Kevin Rauckman:  Yeah.
J. B. Groh: Okay. And then on the platforms we are competing the old Columbia and now in the series, what sort of takes rates are you seeing versus a competition in those instances where you are now option where year ago you want?
Cliff Pemble: I think its near 100%.
J. B. Groh: Wow, okay. And then Kevin just housekeeping item, how much currency shows up in that other line with the Tele Atlas?
Kevin Rauckman: You mean how much of the total FX piece was related to Tele Atlas
J. B. Groh: And you peer foreign currency line it like $0.8 right.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, it was a big chunk, a large component of that was related to the gain on the Euro, during the period that we the share. So a majority of that is Tele Atlas related.
J. B. Groh: So the Tele Atlas currency impact, shows up in the foreign currency line, it doesn't show up in the other line?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes.
J. B. Groh: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Rath of Canaccord Adams.
Jeff Rath: Just a couple of follow-on questions if I may. I guess, Kevin, just wonder if you could give me some color. In this macro environment with the consumer under a lot of pressure, how does – how do you as a management team and what type of feedback are you getting from the channel as far as they are planning for the fourth quarter? I mean, are they – because clearly it appears to be a weakening environment. Are the retailers messaging their sort of Christmas holiday season planning a little bit differently? Are there more contingent planning in there? What kind of feedback are you getting from them? And then when you package all of that information up in light of what’s the environment is from your perspective, how do you then package that up to us or the investment community? Any color would help.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I think we continue to work very closely with the major retailers and at this point we don’t see major differences there. We have, we’ve already worked out some very detailed plans on promotion and point of sale and all the different deals that we are would do during the holiday season. So we have -- I feel like we have very good visibility to going into the season what's expected, how many SKUs, the shelf space and, like I said, some of the programs. What we don’t have is what kind of sell-through is going occur during the fourth quarter, but that's why we are pretty good at estimating what that needs to be as we manage our business and so that’s how we wrap up the input we get from the major retailers and then lay out new guidance to you guys.
Jeff Rath: I guess a different way to think about it is, in this environment today is materially more uncertain than it would have been the same time last year. So when you think about the expectations and the cushion that you are going to build into that yourself, given the uncertainty, would it be save to say that you are building more of a cushion this time than you would have been at the same time last year, relative to that feedback?
Kevin Rauckman: I would say in general, yes, but I am not going to be able to quantify how much that is. It's just the sentiment around the economic environment, that, yes, factored in what we think the business is capable of doing what the market growth is and that’s in general I would say I agree with that, yeah.
Jeff Rath: Okay. Just two more product oriented questions and maybe, Cliff, if you could answer one or three with regards to the Aviation. You mentioned Synthetic Vision as sort of a major innovation in the electronics packages there. Can you help me understand the FCC – I am sorry, or the FAA environment around approving that type of capability in the cockpit and are there any major gating factors in that regard?
Cliff Pemble: Absolutely, we spent a lot of time getting our system approved with many, many flight tests and evaluations by multiple outside pilots including FAA pilots and industry pilots. So it's a huge effort. And Synthetic Vision is something that's been talked about for years in the industry and to finally get it to market through all of those gates I think was a significant accomplishment.
Jeff Rath: Okay. And I guess the final question is again on product related question. In previous years, a part of the package of information you provided us on the product side was sort of a new product count, how many new products you have brought out year-to-date. You seem to have steered away a little bit from sort of an absolute number. And now with the nuvifone there is clearly a lot of R&D dollars that have gone into that. When you are thinking about your R&D spend going forward, you obviously have lots of resources. Can you give us any color as to where you might be, in a general way, where you might be looking to spend money? Are you spending more money, say on the content and map side now than you might have in light of industry consolidation? Any color on how you are thinking about your R&D spend. It seems like you are moving away from just new products for new products sake, any color would be helpful.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, so I think we did mentioned few calls ago that our focus is on quality products and really desirable products for the market and I think as various markets mature and as technologies emerge, the complexity of those products and the effort it takes to bring them to market increases. So we are not focusing on just the number of products we produce but really on creating products that are desirable and embraced by the customer. So we are spending money on that. Innovation and devices and content and services are all things that we are investing in.
Jeff Rath: Okay, thanks very much.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Friedland of Soleil.
Peter Friedland: Can you just comment on Q3 seasonality, what we should expect both in the PND business and volume and revenue and then in the total business?
Kevin Rauckman: As I mentioned earlier, I would say we don't see anything significantly different this year as what we've seen in the past on a business trends and seasonality. Typically, we would see Q3 be down about 5% across the business from Q2 to Q3. And PND roughly flat, which is what we – or close to what we experienced last year. So that's about as much as I can give you at this point.
Peter Friedland: Great thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Rob Sanderson of American Technology Research.
Rob Sanderson: Yeah thank you. Thanks for taking the question. I am just trying to reconcile from the comments and results from PND segment. You're maintaining even increasing share in the U.S. Your primary competitor is not achieving their share gain targets in this market. Garmin is gaining in Europe. And your competitor is losing share there as well. So you've got – Garmin has more exposure to the faster growing market and seems to be gaining share in both regions, but the PND unit growth you're reporting is lower than that what was reported by your competitor. So how do we reconcile these, what seem to be conflicting data points? Is it just a function of sell in versus sell through or how should we be thinking about this?
Cliff Pemble: I think there would definitely be some sell in factors affecting the various sets of numbers that you're comparing and certainly half of that equation would have to ask others what their specifics are. But for us, we think our numbers represent true market demands at this point and we also thing that our market share reflects our growing position.
Rob Sanderson: Alright. Thanks for that, Cliff, we'll try to follow up off-line. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Duffy of Thomas Weisel.
Jim Duffy: A quick questions, first could you please elaborate a little bit on the carrier specific requirements for the nuvifone? Were they technical or marketing and Market timing related? Perspective there would be helpful, thanks.
Cliff Pemble: I think really all of those thing we are referring to are technical related item. When we announced the nuvifone I think it wasn't clear at that particular point what the carrier interest would be and certainly since that time we've been delighted and very pleased with their response. But getting the device, transitioning the device from an open market type design to one that's specific to carriers does require a lot more work in various areas including features and RF performance and various other things.
Jim Duffy: That’s helpful thanks. A quick question for you, so your businesses has become a lot more complex, key to the financial performance executing across a number of different initiatives. Are you comfortable with the current depth and breadth of your management team or do you see some room to add incremental talent?
Kevin Rauckman: We feel that we have been very strong leadership in each of the departments and what may be a little bit lacking is second line managers. Over the past few years whenever we have expanded our infrastructure quite a bit, so at this time we continue to develop our second line managers, that is our major task.
Jim Duffy: Has recruiting been a big challenge for Garmin to keep pace with the growth?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, always a big challenge.
Jim Duffy: Okay thanks very much. Good luck.
Cliff Pemble: Thanks Jim.
Kevin Rauckman: I think that's, that ends the Q&A time so thank you all for your attention. We look forward to updating you as the business progresses throughout the year. Take care.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-30 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Kerri Thurston - IR Dr. Min Kao - Chairman and CEO Cliff Pemble - President and COO Kevin Rauckman - CFO and Treasurer Andrew Etkind - General Counsel
Analysts: Rich Valera - Needham and Company Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch Amer Rosolowsky Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Company Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company LLC Peter Fritzler Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners Bennett Notman - Davenport and Company Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Securities Jeff Rath - Cannacord Adams
Operator: Good morning, my name is Leticia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1 2008 Earnings Call for Garmin Limited Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Ms. Kerri Thurston, you may begin your conference.
Kerri Thurston: Thank you. Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's first quarter 2008 earnings call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides which can be viewed during this call. An archive of the webcast will be available until May 30th, 2008. A telephone recording will be available two business days following this call, and a transcript of the call will be available on the website within 48 hours at www.garmin.com/stock under the Events Calendar tab. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introduction, and future demand for our products, products and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2007, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending the call this morning on behalf of Garmin Limited are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble.
Cliff Pemble: Good morning and welcome to our Q1 call. As you've read from our press release this morning, Garmin has achieved another record quarter of revenue and earnings. Financial highlights from Q1 include revenue growth of 35% to $664 million with the strong double-digit growth across all business segments, strong gross margin of 48.2% which was essentially flat year-over-year but increase sequentially by over 600 basis points from Q4. We also achieved strong operating margins of 26%, which was better than expected. As a result our operating income grew 25% to $173 million for the quarter and earnings grew 17% to $0.69 per share excluding the effects of foreign currency. Some notable business highlights for the quarter. We maintained our strong market position in the US and increased market share in Europe, which further solidifies our worldwide leadership position in the PND market. We announced the nüvifone early in the quarter, which has generated significant interest in both carriers and resellers around the world. We delivered innovative new devices to the market like our H series, which features a color display and detailed street level maps with automatic routine tailored to cyclist. We also delivered the new Colorado series, which offers innovative new features for the outdoor markets such as 3D, topographic map, presentations, and wireless data transfer between devices. And we completed the acquisition of our Danish distributor, the fifth distributor acquired to date and consistent with our strategy to improve European market share and presence. We are pleased to report healthy double-digit revenue growth in every business segment. In the Automotive and Mobile segment revenues grew 43% as the unit volume more than doubled resulting in improved European market share and continuation of the global market leadership we established in 2007. Aviation revenues grew 19% with strong growth in both our retrofit and G1000 product lines. Revenues from the Outdoor/Fitness segment grew 16%, driven by recent product introductions. And finally Marine revenues grew an impressive 30% on a continued strength of our Network Chartplotter series and industry-leading, Vision Cartography System. Many of you are wondering how we view the current market and economic trends which have been emerging in recent months. The slowing of the PND market growth has been well established, with the US market doubling in size year-over-year and Europe growing at approximately 40% year-over-year. These growth rates are down from approximately 300% and 100% respectively from the prior year. While this leveling of growth is expected, we also see that customers are becoming increasingly sensitive to price and we believe the economic factors are at least partly responsible for this. However, the PND market is still one of the fastest growing categories of consumer electronics, and we continue to see strong opportunities in this segment. Garmin continues to experience strong market share in North America. According to MTB our monthly share ranges from 40% to 50%. We have also increased our market share in Europe. While the overall European market grew at 40%, our unit volume more than doubled, which resulted in improved market share. Year-over-year, we experienced a 35% decline in ASP, as the overall pricing in the market has come down and other PND providers have aggressively reduced prices ahead of plan, to clear excess inventories and exit the market. While some are predicting that pricing will stabilize if inventories are cleared and as the market further consolidates, we are anticipating further ASP declines of approximately 25% during 2008. The good news is that we have also achieved significant cost reductions, which will help support margins in this product category. Finally, despite the strong growth in the marine market during Q1, we are seeing signs of weakness during Q2 as general economic conditions, higher fuel prices and prolonged winter conditions have had an impact on consumers. As I mentioned earlier, we recently completed the acquisition of our Danish distributor, which is the fifth distributor acquisition we have completed to date. These five distributors cover approximately 75% of the European market and are helping to increase market share and serve customers better than we were able to do in the past. Additionally, we expect to complete the acquisitions of our distributors in Finland and Belgium during Q2. Our improved results in Europe, is validating our strategy and we will evaluate opportunities to further consolidate our distribution on a selected basis in order to achieve our goals. In addition to these acquisitions, we are also setting up local offices in emerging markets which have strong growth potential. On July 1st, we will open an office in Australia, which will allow us to directly serve the market. In addition we're establishing offices in India and China in order to provide better support to our in-country distributors to seize opportunities in these growing markets. Many of you are wondering about our progress on the nüvifone. I'm pleased to report that we continue to make good progress in the development and we've been privately demonstrating the device the key carriers and retailers along the way. The response to nüvifone continues to be very strong and we remain committed to launch the device in Q4. As I mentioned earlier, the feedback from our marine chartplotters continues to be very positive. In this picture, you can see a representative installation on a new boat, which include dual touch screen chartplotters, marine instruments, autopilot, sonar and radar. Customers have expressed appreciation for our touch screen displays and innovative features such as automatic routing, fuel management and our vision cartography. During Q1, we delivered a full line of marine instruments, which complement our chartplotters and expand our ability to serve customers in the marine market. In the outdoor business market, we delivered our new Edge 605, 705 cycle computers, which incorporate a color display and detailed street level mapping with automatic routing capabilities tailored to cyclists. The initial feedback from users has been very positive, and we look forward to expanding our presence in the marine market. In addition, we recently started deliveries of our Forerunner 405, 505 GPS enabled fitness watch at the Boston Marathon. We've accumulated a strong following of enthused customers, who appreciate the power of our GPS enabled fitness devices, and we are pleased with the initial feedback we've received from the markets. We also started deliveries at the new Colorado series of out door handheld devices. Colorado provides industry leading features such as a 3-inch color TFT with 3D mapping display, preloaded maps, wireless connectivity for sharing data with friends, and an innovative new UI, based on a Rock ‘n Roller keypad. In the automotive market, we announced new products which combine digital television with PND functionality. The nüvi 900 TVBH is being developed in cooperation with the Italian carrier H3G, which will reach retail shops later this summer. We also announced a version of this product which is compatible with the Japanese 1Seg Digital Television system. The 1Seg version will also reach retail shops later this summer. In addition, we announced new versions of our entry level nüvi series, which provide additional features not found in our existing nüvi 200 series. We've incorporated HotFix technology, which makes the nüvi 2x5 ready for navigation much faster than before. We also added traffic comparability, improved mapping displays, MSN Direct content and Google Panoramio photo sharing, which offers customer a unique way to identify and find interest in destinations. In addition, our entire nüvi product line is now compatible with Google and MapQuest local search, making trip planning simple and convenient using the power of the internet. While the economy and market conditions have increased uncertainty, we see many opportunities which we are prepared to grasp. We feel we are well positioned to continue growth in Europe, with our base of newly acquired distributors. We will continue to invest in R&D and product innovation, which will drive growth into the future. And finally, we will continue to invest in advertising to build awareness of our brand and products. This concludes the business update. Kevin will now walk us through details of our first quarter financial results.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you, Cliff. Good morning everyone. I'd like to jump right into the results that we announced this morning on the press release, starting with the first quarter income statement. First of all the revenue that we announced, this morning came in at $664 million, net income of $148 million, and our earnings per share was $0.67 per share. That represents a 35% top line growth, 5% earnings per share growth. However, we did announce that we had $0.02 earnings per share unfavorable impact due to the foreign currency loss of $4 million during the period. Excluding foreign currency, our EPS grew at 17%. So in summary 35% top line, 17% bottom line, and I think the surprise of the quarter for us was a gross margin of 48.2% better than expected, primarily due to better material cost reductions that we had anticipated. We also experienced operating efficiencies and some favorable product mix during the period. So overall we grew our operating margin lines $35 million increase over Q1 in '07 and our operating margins as Cliff mentioned came in at 26%, down from 28.1% last year but again better than we had anticipated. The 26% gross margin primarily came from the following sources. Gross margin was 20 basis points unfavorable year-over-year, advertising was actually 30 bps favorable in Q1. The SG&A line was 160 basis points unfavorable and R&D 70 basis points unfavorable. I'm sure many of you noticed also that our units grew at 80% on a quarter-over-quarter basis, as nearly 2.8 million units were delivered during the quarter on the strength of our Auto/Mobile segment. Our average selling price came in at $238 per unit, which was an increase from the fourth quarter of '07 by about 8%. However, it was down about 25% comparing to Q1 of '07. As I mentioned with the foreign currency, we do have non-GAAP measures that we reported including net income. Excluding the effects of this foreign currency, this impact was $0.02 per share unfavorable during the period. Looking next at our segment revenue; during the quarter we experienced a 43% revenue growth within the Auto/Mobile segment, while the unit growth in that segment was 119%. We experienced a great start to 2008 with the Marine segment as revenues grew 30% compared to Q1 of '07. Our Aviation segment achieved growth in both OEM and retrofit channels with a 19% revenue increase during the quarter, and our Outdoor/Fitness segment also experienced double-digit revenue growth of 16% compared to Q1 of '07 with the fitness category leading the way in the growth category. In total our revenues grew 35% during the first quarter, which represents growth in our global PND market share. Looking next at our geographic regions; during Q1, North America revenue was up 27%, while our European business increased 43% during the period. Our Asia Pacific region sales also grew 100% during Q1 due to strong year-over-year sales in Taiwan, Australia and with our Auto business and relationship with [Kenwood]. Revenue growth in the EMEA region exceeded that of North America, primarily due to the strength of the Euro relative to the US dollar. Interestingly, we experienced triple digit unit growth from our PND products in all regions; North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. As the Auto/Mobile segments remain the highest growth business at Garmin, the Auto/Mobile now represents 68% of our total business during Q1, which was up about four points from 2007. Because of the stronger growth in Europe during the period, that geographic region now 32% of our business; North America accounted for 62% of our total revenue. When we evaluated the segmentation of the PND market, the low end unit sales of PNDs now account for approximately 80% of our unit total. The low-end revenues of our PND account for approximately 70% total, that is up from our Q4 level and significantly up from our Q1 '07 levels, where we roughly sold about 50% at the lower end. Let's look next at our margin segment. During Q1 our Aviation and Outdoor business gross margins remained stable at 64% and 53% respectively. Operating margins declined in our Aviation segment to 33% because of R&D expense in the growing business jet market. The Outdoor/Fitness operating margins declined to 27% from 35% in Q1 of '07. This was because of the discount on some of older products that needed to make way for our newer fitness and outdoor devices. Cliff mentioned this in his part of presentation. Q1 Auto/Mobile gross margin and operating margin were essentially flat with Q1 of '07 at 43% and 24% respectively. The gross margin was better than expected and higher than the fourth quarter due to favorable product mix. This was do to material cost reductions and a stronger Euro relative to the US dollar. First quarter Marine gross margin improved 58% compared to 49% during Q1 of '07. This was thanks to the heavy interest in our innovative product mix. Operating margin within this segment also improved to 32% compared to 26% during the year-ago quarter. We expect our PND price declines of approximately 25% during 2008 to be offset by projected raw material cost reduction of approximately 20% for the full year. As a result, we expect our PND margins to decline from the 43% in Q1 to the low to mid 30% range in late 2008. Looking next at our operating expenses, R&D increased $16 million quarter-over-quarter in absolute dollar terms. This was up 170 basis points to 7.5% of sales. We now employ over 1500 engineers and engineering associates worldwide. Our ad spending increased by $9 million over the year ago quarter. On a percentage of sales basis advertising was down 30 bips to 5.7% of sales. We do expect that our ad spending will increase sequentially. This is because we are in the middle of the second quarter by nearly $25 million due to the upcoming Spring TV ad campaign. Other SG&A increased 160 basis points to 9% of sales from 7.4% a year ago. We expect that our SG&A expenses will decline as a percent of sales during the remainder of 2008. Over the last two years we've doubled staffing within our overhead functions and feel that we're at a strong position to manage the business in the future. On the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and marketable securities of nearly $1.2 billion. Our accounts receivables declined significantly in Q1 to $516 million and now accounts for 5.56 days of sales. Our inventory balances increased to $676 million in preparation for the spring selling season during Q2. Our days of inventory metric increased from 77 days at the end of the year 2007 to 98 days at the end of Q1, primarily in our finished goods inventory. As we prepare to give the breakdown of our inventory, we ended the quarter with $194 million in raw materials, which is about 27 days of inventory. $49 million in work about seven days, $462 million in finished goods about 64 days and we still have reserves of about $29 million booked on the balance sheet. Product availability is a top priority for Garmin and has contributed to our success. However, given a shorter product lifecycle of PND products, we are working to manage our inventory carefully. It's our goal to have adequate inventory to support customer needs. But we intend to carry the right level and mix of inventory to minimize the risk of obsolescence. While evaluating the retail channel inventory at the end of Q1, channel inventory continues to be means lean as sell-through of most of our products was quite stronger in the first quarter. Cash flow from operations during Q1 came at $192 million. We had CapEx of $27 million during the period, so therefore our free cash flow during Q1 was $166 million. Cash flow from investing was at $216 million use of cash during the period, which is made up of $27 million use on CapEx. Our net purchase of marketable securities is about $163 million, and acquisitions of businesses and intangibles of about $26 million. Cash flow from financing was $87 million use of cash during Q1 primarily due to the $90 million cash used for stock buyback that was initiated during Q1. On average, we earned about 3.0% on all cash and marketable securities balances during the first quarter. One change that I am sure you saw this morning was the change to our annual and first quarter tax rates. Our effective tax rates during Q1 actually came in at 19% higher than we anticipated. The increase in this effective tax rate from 12.6% in 2007 to 19% was primarily due to a change in Taiwan tax law related to the repatriation of earnings from our Taiwan subsidiary. Therefore, we now expect the 19% rate to continue for the remainder of fiscal 2008. As I just mentioned, Garmin repurchased shares to our stock buyback plan and that amount came in to just over 1.4 million shares using $90 million of cash during the quarter. There remains 3.5 million shares available for repurchase. Garmin intends to be an active buyer of the shares, as business and market conditions warrant. Our diluted shares outstanding declined to 219 million due to the shares repurchased during the period. And finally, I would like to spend a minute on our expected guidance for 2008. We believe that the introduction of the new products will continue to drive business growth for the remainder of 2008, similar to what occurred in the first quarter. We recognize that economic conditions will remain a factor on our future growth. While our stellar objective to reach our earlier guidance of $4.5 billion in full year revenues and $4.40 in EPS, these goals now include some risk. Without clear visibility of the economic outlook, we don't feel it is appropriate to be more specific at this time, as in prior years. We'll wait for the end of the second quarter to provide an update for our full year financial expectations. That concludes our formal remarks. At this point, we'd like to open up the conference call for any questions that you might have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Rich Valera.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Good morning. Just with respect to the nüvi phone, Cliff, is there any more color you can put on your discussions with carriers and it sounds like you earlier talked about a Q3 launch now you are talking about a Q4 launch. Can you give us any color on what's behind that seeming quarter delay in the launch?
Cliff Pemble: I think when we talked about the launch, Rich, we did indicate it would be later in the third quarter. So talking about fourth quarter we really are talking about something earlier, so that we can get on retail show. So we don't view that as being a material split per se. As far as the discussions with carriers, we're not able to discuss specifics at this time. I think people have commented that we're not showing very much of the working device at trade shows, which we understand and actually is intentional. We're doing a lot more demonstration with carriers in private, to try to keep the device a little more under wraps.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Great. And Kevin just wanted to revisit your discussion of ASP declines and material declines. Just to clarify, your prior guidance I believe was ASP declines for the year of 20%, and now you're looking at 25%, and I thought before you were looking for 10% material declines and now you're looking at 20%.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, that's correct. I think we not only saw ASP declines in Q1 a little bit higher than we projected for the full year, which is not a surprise to us. I think the surprise is how significant the cost reductions were and that's what really helped prop up our margins during Q1. So just to reiterate, yeah we're expecting not just a 10% material cost reduction but closer to 20% for the year, with overall ASP declines on the PND market to be 25% for the full year.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: So that should actually help your PND margin trajectory, I would think, since the increase in material declines is greater than the ASP decline, is that fair?
Kevin Rauckman: As we go through the year, we're hopeful that that occurs, but we have to wait and see how the year develops. And we're encouraged by the fact that cost reductions were more favorable than we'd earlier anticipated.
Rich Valera - Needham and Company: Great. And finally I don't know if there is any more color you can give on, I think this is in someone's prepared remarks with respect to seeing some signs of weakness in 2Q. Any more color you can give on that, where it is geographically, what product areas you're seeing that weakness in?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we're right in the middle of the second quarter in terms of a spring selling season where some of the major retailers are coming here in the next few weeks. I think we're still expecting growth across the business in all four of our segments. Clearly we saw over 40% growth on revenue, and like we said, triple digit growth in Q1. So we're hopeful that the unit growth will continue as we've experienced in Q1 but we really didn't comment on anything specific in Q2?
Rich Valera - Needham and Company:  Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Good afternoon, guys. Yeah, Kevin can you talk about the inventory just a bit more. The built up year-over-year just seems like a lot?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think what we commented in our last earnings call as we had planed on coming out of Q1 and probably Q3 with higher inventory levels to support growth in the business. So, if you look at 98 days of inventory, which is what I commented on. That's pretty consistent with what we've had as our goal. Internally it's been to have around 90 days of inventory. So I think we are pretty close to that. We don't view it as a major things; I did comment on supply chain in general. Because the product lifecycle will be very carefully of how we manage that supply chain. So, I think, in general inventories are back where we would expect it to be, with the spring selling season come up. We can hope that the sell-through will be strong and then look forward with our business.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Now, Okay and then changing gears here a little bit. Why aren’t you more active buyback the stock? I mean the stock is spent and hammered and we think this is a bigger opportunity if you guys could do more buybacks?
Kevin Rauckman: We did, we were pretty active right after we announced the stock buyback in late February. And since then we saw the price continue to decline. We are waiting for it to bottom, and then we get into a period where there is a blackout, so we are not allowed to buy from mid March on. So I think we'll be more aggressive right now, as we come out of the black-out period in a couple of days and be buying back likely buy the rest of those shares.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And Cliff a question for you. In the Aviation segment how active are you guys right now on new platforms?
Cliff Pemble: Well we have a lot of activity going on, our teams are fully consumed with some of the turbine aircraft that we talked about before like Embraer, as well as other programs that haven't been announced yet.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Now how is it going? I mean the Phenom 300 just flew I think yesterday or the day before. I mean how is that going?
Cliff Pemble: It's going very well. Embraer they were able to accomplish their flight ahead of schedule, and the Avionics have performed well during the flight as expected, so we felt very positives about the result.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then have you guys seen any impact of the sky-high aviation fuel prices right now? Have you seen any impact in your aviation markets let's say for the handheld or the retrofit stuff? Because I think that segment in the market probably gets more impacted by fuel prices that the Turbine segment?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. I think it's a little early to tell that, but it does appear that the handheld segment is showing some weakness. That tends to be somewhat cynical as well as we introduce new products. So again the data, the variables that are applied on the data aren’t quite clear to us yet. As far as OEM and retrofit, both of those continue to be very strong in Q1.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you guys.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of [Amer Rosolowsky].
Amer Rosolowsky: Hello. Good morning folks thank you very much for taking the question.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah.
Amer Rosolowsky: I was wondering if you could provide a little more color on the ASP trajectory and PND. It seems as though you have a decline of 35% year-over-year in the first quarter and guiding towards the 25% for the year. I was wondering what type of new product rollouts or how we should think about that progression through the course of the year?
Kevin Rauckman: I think, not necessarily tied to new products, but more just the general market. I would expect and ASPs, as we enter the spring season, we're into some promotional activity, promotional programs. The one thing that helped us in Q1, is we didn't have a lot of product transition. We were moving from one product to the next. We were selling consistent products with what he had sold in 2007, with the exception of the C330, which has been at the low end. But ASPs going forward, I think we would see a decline in Q2 and another decline in Q3, but probably Q4 is where most of the pricing will occur for the rest of the year. On average, we still feel like 25% is the right number right now.
Amer Rosolowsky: Great thanks. And then just, it seems as though from the cost perspective, you folks are benefitting from declines in cost ahead of your expectations. How should we consider the improved capacity from your own production site though with respect to potential challenges to manage that cost?
Kevin Rauckman: I think as we've done always in the past, as demand picks up, we ramp up our production capacity and production requirements out of Taiwan, and we do that primarily through increased service map, purchases of service map technology and then hiring labor. But, we did see some efficiencies in Q1 and we'd like to be able to believe we'll get some additional manufacturing efficiencies as we go through 2008. But I think we've proven over many-many years that we're very good at scaling up as demand picks up, and we'll like to take advantage of that in 2008.
Amer Rosolowsky: Great thank you very much again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Aaron Husock.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Thanks for taking my questions. I guess maybe just to start, Kevin, I'm a little baffled as to how your mix in PND has got worse sequentially in Q1. I mean, you analyzed for C330, when we moved out of the holiday gift giving season. And you've been thinking originally that we would see a significant improvement in the mix away from low end. What changed there?
Kevin Rauckman: Let me make sure we are clear. I didn't say a point that mix got worse, other than the fact that unless you are referring to the 80% units on low end?
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Yeah, that's exactly.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, Okay. I think we exited the year in Q4 around the 70% at low end. But I think we are primarily left with the nüvi platform right and the C330 that we sold at the end of last year was a much lower margin. But, so I think we've benefited from the fact that we didn't sell C330 in the Q1.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Sure, I understand that. But when we talked last quarter, you thought there is a chance we would see move all the way back to 50% low end units in Q1, and that ended up at 80%. What do you think grow that variance?
Min Kao: It's probably also a definition of the high end and versus low end. At this time, we crossed 700 of the only high in products.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. I think as we exited 2007, we still had a mid range product, like the nüvi 3 series. That is essentially now being sold at lower price points. So part of this is how we classify low end and high end to midpoint. We are basically less with a low and high, not a low mid and a high.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Okay, okay that makes sense. And then last quarter, you had talked about seeing a recovery in PND unit volumes in Q2 on the order of 50% sequentially. Is that still something you're expecting or is that more maybe in the 30% sequential range?
Kevin Rauckman: We really don't want to talk about sequential, we'd rather talk about year-over-year. And I think we still expect the automobile business to continue to show solid growth year-over-year. I'll just say directionally, we're expecting because of the selling season that Q2 should be larger than Q1. But I'm not going to quantify that.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And maybe just one more for me. Can you help me understand the gross margin benefit that you got in Q1 from such a large inventory build, helping to prop up utilization despite the slow season?
Kevin Rauckman: We first of all can't quantify, but I don't believe it's a very material number. The larger benefit was from the cost reductions and we did benefit some from the strength in the euro-dollar as I mentioned.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley:  Okay. Great. Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Company: Congrats on the relatively strong results given how challenging the environment was.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Company: One more question on the gross margins. And I hate to belabor this, but could you be a little more specific on where the cost reductions came from?
Kevin Rauckman: Well. I think most of you'll know what our bill of material is, but they came from the areas that you'd expect like Flash memory and LCD primarily. Those are the tow largest areas of benefit.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Company: And did you move during the quarter to NFC or did that already happen in the fourth quarter?
Cliff Pemble: That started happening in the fourth quarter, but we continue to move towards that in our product line.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Company: Okay. And now it looks like based on inventory that you have this quarter, you have a lot of the inventory you're going to sell in the second quarter kind of already new warehouses. Based on what you have there, sequentially how much do you think your cost on the same products will go down quarter-on-quarter?
Kevin Rauckman: Are you asking what the overall cost reduction, like we experienced 25% cost reduction in Q1, what that number will be in Q2? That's what you're asking?
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Company: Yeah. I guess I am asking, if you look at that the product that you sold, let's say the Nüvi 200 in the first quarter. You already have that an inventory for the second quarter. How much that Nüvi 200 going to cost you in Q2 versus Q1?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah I will just say in general the trend, I'm not going to give a specific number but trends will be the range of what we've commented on, down about somewhere in the neighborhood of 20%.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Company: One last question and then I'll get back in the queue. It looks like at this stage you have a bit of a cost advantage relative to your largest competitor, and your largest competitor, it looks like it's going to have a lot of new financial responsibilities come May. Are you going to use your cost advantage to try to take away more share and do you see yourself becoming more of a price leader in the second half of the year?
Kevin Rauckman: I think our assumptions on the ASP decline of 25% for the year take into account what we think we need to do to continue to be the market leader, and take share in Europe as we've already communicated.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Company: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Evanson.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company LLC: Morning, thanks for taking my questions. Cliff you've laid out a lot of impressive developments in the PND category on the high end TV voice recognition at 10%. And I'm curious given your comments about the market moving lower cost certainly in the US, what's your strategy on the low-end side of PNDs?
Cliff Pemble: Well I think continued cost reductions is an area of focus Jeff and feature differentiation as well to drive that segment. But we do think as we roll out some of these new products now in Q2 like the new V860 with speech recognition as well as some of the other things that we've talked about, that will help attract people back into the higher end segment.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company LLC: So you are expecting a shift towards the higher end in your financial model?
Cliff Pemble: Well I think a shift to the higher end is probably stronger than how I would word it. I think it will tend to support additional sales in the higher end which will support our overall ASPs.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company LLC: Alright, kind of buffer it. Okay, impressive results in the marine category. Do you have any thoughts about market share there that you can discuss with us.
Cliff Pemble:  I think marine market is pretty hard to quantify because it's a small market to begin with and there is not a lot of market research that goes on there. We believe that we are doing a good job taking share in the mid to upper end barter range from competitors. And it seems like the low end of the market, as we mentioned earlier, we are starting to see some weakness in marine and the low end has been particularly challenging.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Peter Fritzler].
Kevin Rauckman: Peter? Hello.
Peter Fritzler: Hey, guy's can you hear me?
Kevin Rauckman: There we go. Yes.
Peter Friedland: Sorry about that.
Kevin Rauckman: Go ahead.
Peter Friedland: Can you give some color on the OpEx line for both SG&A and R&D, do you expect those lines to grow for the full-year '08?
Kevin Rauckman:  Well, to our earlier guidance numbers that we gave the last conference call, we really haven't seen a significant change there. I still think the total OpEx number should be around at 16% to 17% for the full years of sales.
Peter Fritzler: Okay
Kevin Rauckman: And that should include some operating leverage primarily in advertising and SG&A as a percentage of sales from what spent last year.
Peter Fritzler: And how much flexibility do you think do you have on the SG&A line depending on how your sales are trending. So if things are trending a bit weaker how much flexibility do you have to take out that?
Kevin Rauckman: I'd say we have a fair amount of flexibility. If you look at our non-advertising expenses, that's where we came down from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. That shows that I think some flexibility on our expense line. And advertising, as you know, it's seasonal, so we advertise quite a bit in Q2 and Q4 and we are about ready to hit the Q2 season on advertising but we can bring that, we can scale that depending on coming season. Already I think we are going to continue to be committed to innovate new products, so we need to spend roughly about 35% growth rate per year.
Peter Fritzler: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Duffy.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hello everyone.
Kevin Rauckman: Hi, Jim.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Point of clarification maybe you help to understand how you define low end versus high end? Is it a price point breaker or it is within each of the different product line themselves?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah. It is probably defined as the $300 probably that (inaudible) we separate high end and low end
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay.
Kevin Rauckman: 300 on a REIT surplus.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: And then would you gone to high end versus low end is there a difference in mix that you are seeing by geography? Is the shift towards lower end concentrated and uniform across both markets or…
Kevin Rauckman: I say the only difference would be in general. The EMEA or the European market has slightly lower prices, but as far as the mix there is not a significant difference there. And Europe has about a 10% to 15% difference in price.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then within your inventory balances on the finished good side, how are you positioned in high-end products versus low end?
Kevin Rauckman: I think it's pretty consistent with our sales we are about 80-20.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: So from a forecasting standpoint fairly you've missed the mark there.
Kevin Rauckman: No.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And then Kevin, question on the effective tax rate what were the factors behind the rate change? Has there been a change in your business that affected the tax holiday. It's more of a tax rule and that came out of Taiwan at the end of the quarter that essentially we weren’t able to achieve some of the tax benefit that we had earlier achieved as we repatriated earnings from our Taiwan subsidiary up to the parent company. So we had to account for that in our numbers for Q1 and going forward that will likely occur in the future too. When you say likely occur in the future, that's kind of where I am going with this. What type of visibility do you have into these tax law changes and (inaudible).
Kevin Rauckman: On a tax law like this, we didn't have much visibility at all. We do have, I'd say, a fair amount of understanding of what the tax rate should be, given this new change. In general, I think over the next several years as we continue to enjoy the tax holidays in Taiwan, the rates should move somewhere between 15% and 20%. That's the rough range we will experience. For this year it's 19%.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. So we shouldn't continue with that functions upwards in that tax rate?
Kevin Rauckman: It's hard to know. But we don't anticipate at this point.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bennett Notman.
Bennett Notman - Davenport and Company: First off, could you just talk a little bit more about, maybe one will know a little bit more about what's going on with Nüvi if there is sort of a timeframe in your mind about when plans may be unveiled?
Kevin Rauckman: I'm assuming Nüvifone is what you meant?
Bennett Notman - Davenport and Company: Right, Nüvifone.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes
Clift Pemble: I would think there will be more information towards the end of Q2 into Q3.
Bennett Notman - Davenport and Company: Okay. And then on the guidance to try and hit the original targets, the 440 on EPS, I assume we should adjust that down for the new tax rate as well?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think the tax rate is, like I said, it needs to be adjusted for the full year.
Bennett Notman - Davenport and Company: Alright. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Scott Sutherland.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Hey, good morning.
Kevin Rauckman: Hi Scott.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Just kind of digging your guidance, and I know you are more cautiously trying to achieve your goals. You have a higher tax rate, is there something in the business, are there better margins that's offsetting. Do you still think you make that 440?
Kevin Rauckman:  Well, like I said, I think there is risk with that number. But we will wait until the end of the second quarter to formally guide any difference in that. I think, as we mentioned, the cost reductions in general, the raw material cost reductions. How large is the market, how is the growth, there are a lot of variables. So those are the main things we are watching to see what's going to develop as we go through the year.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Securities: What I'm trying to ask, is the tax rate increase is going to bring you guys by over $0.30 for the year. So is there something that has come up as being more favorable to at least cautiously maintain that goal? Is it just cost reductions?
Kevin Rauckman: I mean that's pretty much it at this point. Yeah.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Securities: I am just trying to confirm. It sounds like your mid to high and low end. Do you expect the 80/20 mixed to be a more stable mix going forward?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, we don’t see a major shift from that level.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Securities: The margins, you said kind of mid, ASP declines, you said 25% for the year, and you are setting at 35%. I missed when you mentioned in Q4, you mentioned it to be like more 20% or 15% year-over-year declines, so it's going to moderate as the year progresses, to get that 25% overall goal?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, what I meant is we will not see 35% ASP declines for the rest of the year, that number is going to have to come down. The declines will not be as steep in the remainder of the year, in order to get an average of 25 for the year.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Securities:  So it trends lower during the year?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Securities:  Okay. On the outdoor fitness, you've mentioned in your prepared remarks that the margins are low again with some old products, is that largely completed?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, we believe so. We are now into the 405 the Edge series and the Colorado which are the three major new products that we've rolled out.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay. And last question on Nüvifone, I think you mentioned last quarter 5% to 10% of revenue in Q4. Is that still something you think is achievable, or at risk?
Kevin Rauckman: I don’t think our view of the revenue contribution from nüvifone has really changed materially since our last call.
Scott Sutherland - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Rath.
Jeff Rath - Cannacord Adams: Most of my questions have been answered here. Kevin, just wanted to follow-up with nüvifone. You're talking about a Q4 launch here. At what point do you think you'll be able to provide a little bit more visibility to carriers and agreements? Are we going to wait until your launching, or are there some other milestones here that you might point us to maybe in Q3, anything like that might help us?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think developing carrier relationships does take time, and it's also a lot of work to go through the certification process. So in the interim, we're not really prepared to give a lot of details until we have more notable progress that we can demonstrate in that area.
Jeff Rath - Cannacord Adams: Cliff, just expand on that then, what would you say is your understanding of the lead times to effectively look at a Q4 launch? Is it to go through the certification process in all of the internal back and forth with the carrier? Is that measured in months, how would you think about that?
Cliff Pemble: Well, we've been talking in terms of units of weeks, but it varies by carrier and by region. Some carriers are longer than others. For example, as long as 16 or 18 weeks and some are shorter like eight weeks. So we're just trying to balance all those factors as we engage with key carrier partners and can then be able to observe our progress.
Jeff Rath - Cannacord Adams: Great thank you very much.
Operator: There are no further questions. Presenters you may resume with the conference.
Kevin Rauckman: Okay, thank you very much. We'll be in touch next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-20 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Polly Schwerdt - Investor Relations Clifton Pemble - President and Chief Operating Officer Kevin Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer Dr. Min Kao - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Andrew Etkind - Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary
Analysts: Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley  Jonathan Goldberg - Deutsche Bank Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers  Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan Securities  Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co. Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns JB Groh - DA Davidson & Co. Peter Friedland - Soleil  Rich Valera - Needham & Co. Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Brandon Dobell - William Blaire David Niederman - Pacific Crest Securities  
Operator:  Good morning, my name is Mark and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Q4 and fiscal year 2007 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions) Thank you, you may begin your conference. 
Polly Schwerdt: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's fourth quarter 2007 earnings call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock.  Additionally this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides which can be viewed during this call. An archive of the webcast will be available until March 21, 2008. A telephone recording will be available for two business days following this call, and a transcript of the call will be available on the website within 48 hours at www.garmin.com/stock under the Events Calendar tab.  This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and our plans and objectives, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2006, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Attending on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Cliff Pemble, President and Chief Operating Officer, Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman.   At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble. 
Clifton Pemble:  Good morning. We're pleased to report news that Q4 was the best quarter in our history, ending another record-breaking year of strong financial performance. During the quarter total revenue increased 99% to over $1.2 billion. EPS was up 70% to $1.39 per share, or 51% excluding the effects of foreign currency, which exceeded our expectations due to higher revenue generation as well as better than expected margins.  Unit volume for the quarter exceeded 5.5 million units, just under the total number of units shipped for all of 2006, and represented approximately 45% of our total deliveries for 2007. We expect a strong seasonality trend to continue in 2008 and beyond. Our auto/mobile and outdoor/fitness lines were both strong contributors to fourth quarter revenue growth.  For our 2007 full year results, revenue increased 79% to $3.18 billion. EPS was up 66% to $3.89 per share or 62% excluding the effects of foreign currency. We experienced strong revenue growth in all four business segments. Unit volumes for the year grew 127% to over 12.3 million units.  Our worldwide employment grew to over 8,400 associates, including the addition of approximately 1,900 manufacturing associates during the quarter to meet the increased demand for our products. We also added over 100 engineers in our quest to drive future revenue growth through new and innovative product introductions.  According to independent market research, Garmin has maintained a strong number one PND position in North America, and a strong and improving number two market position in Europe. We were pleased to see healthy growth in all of our business segments in 2007. Automotive/Mobile experienced 115% revenue growth and better than expected margins as PNDs became one of the hottest product categories of the 2007 holiday season.  Aviation experienced 27% revenue growth thanks to positive customer response to our retrofit product offerings and additional G1000 cockpit wins. Outdoor/Fitness experienced 19% revenue growth in 2007, and particularly noteworthy was the fact that the outdoor/fitness segment grew 43% during Q4 on strong sales during the holiday season. Marine experienced 22% revenue growth as revolutionary new cartography and our all-new chartplotters drew customers into the Garmin family.  To keep pace with the increasing demand for our products, we have committed to invest in people, facilities and equipment to support our future growth. In Taiwan, our capacity currently stands at approximately 20 million units annually. We will continue to expand the capacity of our Lin-Kou facility to support increasing PND demand. We will continue to expand engineering and office space in Taiwan as we look towards Asia as a new growth opportunity.  In Europe, acquisitions of our distributors in France, Germany, Spain and Italy were completed in 2007. And we completed the acquisition of our distributor in Denmark in early 2008. And in the US, expansion of the warehouse distribution facility at our Kansas headquarters is expected to be complete in Q1 of 2008. We have started planning an expansion of our administrative headquarters and research and development facilities in Olathe, in order to support future growth.  Turning next to some product highlights, at this year's CES show we introduced several exciting new products. In our nüvi family we announced the nüvi 780, the newest member of the 700 series, which includes an expanded MSN Direct content, like stock prices, news and local events. We also added a unique Send-to-GPS capability that allows the customer to select destinations using Microsoft's live mapping site and send them wirelessly to their MSN enabled PND.  We announced the nüvi 800 series, a new high-end product line that features cutting edge speech recognition capabilities, text-to-speech, MSN Direct, Bluetooth hands-free, an FM transmitter, an MP3 and audio book player, travel features and premium points of interest.  We also introduced the nüvi 260W, a value-priced navigator featuring a wide 4.3 inch sunlight readable screen, text-to-speech, and full North American map coverage including premium POIs.  Finally, we introduced the nüvi 5000, the perfect product for customers seeking a larger display and advanced features such as an interface to a backup camera. The nüvi 5000 includes an easy-to-use touch screen interface, an advanced route planning feature, calculations of the most efficient routes between multiple destinations and dynamic content via MSN Direct.  In our outdoor/fitness segment, we introduced two revolutionary products, which further define our leadership in this segment. In the fitness market, we introduced the Forerunner 405 which features an all-new form factor with an innovative touch sensitive bezel. The 405 tracks speed, distance, heart-rate and location and can be used indoors with the addition of our speed and distance Foot Pod. The 405 works in conjunction with our Garmin Connect fitness website which enables setting and monitoring of fitness goals, as well as sharing of location based fitness information between users.  In the outdoor market, we introduced an all-new product named Colorado which included a brilliant high-resolution three inch color display and an innovative new thumb-driven UI we call Rock 'n Roller. This product family includes versions with built-in maps including Topo, Inland Lakes and Coastal Blue Charts. Colorado is the first product to include the Wherigo player from Groundspeak, which takes the enjoyment of geocaching to the next level through a game-like multimedia based user interface.  And at our New York media event, on Wednesday, January 30, we announced the nüvifone, the newest product in our nüvi family, which integrates wireless voice and data connectivity. The nüvifone is the first device of its kind to integrate the most commonly used functions of connecting, communicating and navigating in an elegant mobile form factor. The premium features offered by the nüvifone include, a personal navigator with onboard maps and premium POIs, a premium 3.5G phone with UMTS, HSDPA and WiFi data connectivity, a premium mobile web browser, a local search portal that seamlessly integrates with navigation functions, personal messaging using email, SMS and instant messaging, a camera with automatic location tagging and picture navigation capability, and multimedia functions, including a video recorder, Mpeg 4 video player, and MP3.  At last weeks, GSMA show in Barcelona, we had the opportunity to show the nüvifone to most major carriers across Europe and North America. We are very pleased with the positive feedback we received from carriers and will be working in coming days to solidify relationships. We anticipate providing additional details at a later date.  Turning next to our 2008 business outlook; while we've just finished an exciting year, we're even more excited about 2008. We do anticipate that 2008 will present increased challenges from competitors, as well as declining ASP and margins. But we also believe that we are prepared to take advantage of the growth opportunities in all market segments.  For 2008, we anticipate overall revenue will exceed $4.5 billion and EPS will exceed $4.40 per share. We look forward to introducing many innovative products again this year which will allow us to take advantage of the growing interest in location based devices and services. We will continue to promote product awareness and build equity in the Garmin brand. We will maintain our focus on new acquisition opportunities and continue to invest in people, facilities and equipment to support our growth.  And finally, in the PND market, we will work hard to maintain our leadership position in North America and increase our market share in Europe through expansion of our distribution and direct relationships with major retailers.  This concludes our business update. Kevin will now walk us through the details of the fourth quarter and full year results. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks, Cliff. Good morning everyone. I'll be presenting the fourth quarter and fiscal 2007 financial results including business segment details. And we'll conclude with our 2008 outlook and guidance. As you saw from the press release this morning, we recognized revenue of $1.2 billion and net income of $307 million, or an earnings per share of $1.39 a share. This was a 99% top-line growth and 70% EPS growth and included favorable $0.08 EPS impact due to foreign currency gain of $19.5 million during the quarter.  Our gross margins were 41.8% and they were better than expected due to stronger PND volume in the US than in Europe, PND price erosion offset by our material cost reductions, ongoing operating efficiencies and of course, product mix. We experienced more than a $100 million increase in our operating margins compared to the fourth quarter of '06. The operating margin of 25.7% was down from 32.6% last year, but much better than expected. Our gross margins were 810 basis points unfavorable with the year ago quarter. Advertising was 30 bps unfavorable with fourth quarter. Our other SG&A was favorable by 30 basis points, and our R&D was 120 basis points favorable.  As Cliff mentioned, we shipped over 5.5 million units during the quarter on the strength of our auto/mobile segment and the average selling price across the business was $220 per unit, a 19% reduction below the third quarter of 2007, which was $271.  Looking next at the full year income statement, our revenue was nearly $3.2 billion at a net income of $855 million for earnings per share of $3.89. Top-line 79% growth and bottom-line 66% growth on EPS were better than expected. It included a favorable $0.09 EPS impact due to the foreign currency gain of $23 million during the full year.  Our gross margins for 2007 were 46% across the business. Better than expected, again due to the stronger PND volume in the US, rather than in Europe, PND price erosions offset by our material cost reductions - again, operating efficiencies and mix. When comparing our operating margin dollars year-over-year, we experienced more than a $350 million increase on that line. And the operating margins of 28.6% were down from 31.2% in 2006, again much better than expected.  So for the full year, gross margins were unfavorable by 370 basis points. Advertising as a percentage of sales was flat with 2006. Our other SG&A was 40 basis points unfavorable, and our R&D was 140 basis points favorable. So, for the full year we shipped over 12.3 million units across the business on the strength of our auto/mobile segment. ASPs across the business were $258 per unit, which was a 21% drop from the full year of 2006.  The non-GAAP measures that we reported include net income excluding the effects of foreign currency. As I just mentioned, this impact was $0.08 per share favorable during the fourth quarter and $0.09 per share favorable for fiscal year 2007. Looking next at revenue by segment, during Q4 we experienced triple-digit revenue growth across the auto/mobile segment, while the unit growth in the auto/mobile segment grew 244%. Revenue within the aviation segment continued its strong growth with a 16% growth rate over the fourth quarter of '06. Our marine segment also extended its Q3 growth into the fourth quarter with a 32% revenue increase. Our outdoor/fitness segment also continued its recovery as the growth within that segment was 43% during the holiday season.  In total, our revenues grew 99% during the fourth quarter, which exceeded our expectations by over $200 million. For all of 2007, our auto/mobile segment grew 115% while units in that segment grew 210%. We ended the year with all segments growing revenue above 20% with the exception of our outdoor/fitness segment which made a strong second half recovery and grew at 19% during the full year 2007. In total, our revenues grew 79% during the year as we exceeded our expectations set out at the beginning of the year by nearly $700 million. 
. : Looking next at the full year, by geography, our North American revenue for 2007 was up 89%, while our European business increased 63% and Asian grew at a 66% rate. During 2007, North American unit sales increased 158% on the strength of PND product sales and our Europe unit sales also grew nearly 100% at 96%.  As we have seen in the past, because of the explosive PND market, our auto/mobile section, during the fourth quarter, now represents 82% of our total business. Within the auto/mobile segment the North American market unit growth was greater then Europe. However, both continents experienced 100% unit growth quarter-over-quarter. Garmin's total North American market growth exceeded the growth in Europe, during the quarter, as I said, and North America, during the fourth quarter, now represents 68% of our total business. Moving next to our margins, the fourth quarter aviation gross margin and operating margin, increased to their highest levels, in the last couple of years, at 69% and 39% respectively. The fourth quarter outdoor/fitness gross margin and operating margin also increased to 53% and 35%, respectively. In our fourth quarter, marine gross margin remained flat at 53%. However, our operating margin within the segment, decreased down to 22% due to sequentially lower volume during the quarter.  As I'm sure you saw this morning, our fourth quarter auto/mobile gross margin came in at 38%, beating our expectations. The primary reason for the strength of the gross margin in this segment is that price compression was not as severe as earlier expected. We also experienced benefit from favorable product mix as PND units sold in the US, as I said, were greater then they were in Europe. Operating margin within the auto segment was 24% higher then expected. Due to expected price competition of PND products during 2008, we expect that our auto/mobile segment will experience an ASP decline of approximately 20%, which will cause our gross and operating margin compression during the year.  On the operating expense line, R&D increased nearly $7 million quarter-over-quarter, but went down 170 basis points to 3.9% of sales. We now employ over nearly 1,400 engineers and engineering associates, worldwide.  Our ad spending increased by $42 million over the year ago quarter. And on a percentage of sales, advertising was up 30 bases points, to 6.8% of sales. We do expect our ad spending to decrease sequentially, during the first quarter of 2008, by nearly $30 million, as we don’t plan TV advertising during this quarter, with the exception of the Super Bowl ad that you saw a couple of weeks ago.  Our other SG&A increased 30 basis points to 5.4% of sales, from 5.7%, a year ago. We expect that our operating expenses will represent approximately 16%-17% of sales, for the full year of 2008, but only 12%-13% during our fourth quarter of 2008, as the holiday season becomes a more significant percentage of our year, due to growth towards mass market sales.  Looking next at our balance sheet, we ended the year with cash and marketable securities of over $1.1 billion. Our accounts receivable increased to $953 million and represents, approximately, 62 days of sales. However, we have already collected on over $695 million of receivables, during the first quarter of 2008.  Our inventory dollars were basically flat with Q3 of '07 and our days of inventory metric decreased. So at the end of 2007, we now hold 77 days of inventory, down from the 99 days we recorded at the end of the third quarter of '07. This can be broken down in the following areas: $130 million in raw materials, which represents nineteen days of inventory, $58 million for work in process and assembly, which represents nine days, $343 million in finished goods, which is 49 days, with inventory, offset by $26 million in inventory reserves.  The reduction in raw materials and finished goods was planned as we produced and shipped a record number of units, during the fourth quarter. Finished goods, of 49 days, is within our typical range of inventory needed to support the various distribution channels that we serve.  We remain committed to proper inventory planning, as we enter 2008, however, we expect that our business will experience even stronger seasonality during the year, and as such, we intend to more expectedly level our product production requirements and inventory levels through out the 2008 year. We believe that our retail channel inventory continues to be lean as sell-through of most of our products was strong during the 2007 holiday season.  On the cash flow statement, we generated cash flow from operations of $126 million, during the quarter. Capital expenditures were $28 million. Therefore, free cash flow during the fourth quarter was $98 million. Cash flow from investing was $118 million, use of cash, during the quarter. This is made up of $28 million of the capital expenditures, $45 million in net purchase of marketable securities and $45 million acquisition of business and intangibles. Cash flow from financing was a $5 million use of cash during the quarter, and we earned an average of 3.7% on all of our cash and marketable securities balances, during the quarter.  For the year, we generated cash flow from operations of $682 million, or pre-cash flow of $525 million. You probably saw this morning that our effective tax rate during the quarter was 11.7% and 12.6% for the full year of '07, lower then our earlier expectations. Incremental revenue and the net income during Q4 and the tax incentives in Taiwan were the primary drivers of the lower rate. We now expect an effective tax rate of approximately 12% for the full year of 2008.  Garmin did purchase 57,000 of our shares back; prior to the share repurchase expiration at the end of 2007. And you also, I'm sure, saw this morning that we announced a new five million share two-year repurchase plan that will expire at the end of 2009. The approved share repurchase reflects our continued confidence in Garmin's strong cash generation ability and business prospects. Given the current Garmin share price, we intend to be active buyers in the market, thereby increasing shareholder value.  We continued to grant stock appreciation rights broadly to our employees during 2007, as we granted nearly 2.9 million SARs last year. Our annual SAR grants, account for approximately 1.3% of our total outstanding shares.  And finally, we are providing full year 2008 revenue and EPS guidance, for the first time this morning, as Cliff mentioned earlier. We expect our total revenue to exceed $4.5 billion, a 42% growth rate. We expect EPS to grow at least 16%, to $4.40 per share. Operating margin should come in at 23% for the year. That does represent a 600 basis points reduction. However, operating margin contribution will increase by over $150 million during 2008. Our capital expenditures are expected to hit $115 million. A significant portion of this amount will include manufacturing capacity expansion in Taiwan, due to the purchase of new production lines. And as I mentioned, our global effective tax rate is expected to be 12%.  All four of our business segments will again experience double digit revenue growth. The auto/mobile segment will continue to lead the way, and revenue is expected to grow 45% during 2008. Aviation revenue growth is expected to be 30%. Both our outdoor/fitness and marine segments are expected to grow by 25%. These 2008 expectations are conservative in nature but they factor in the macro economic trends that have existed since the beginning of 2008.  We remain confident in our competitive position and business model, but we do not have a crystal ball, obviously, into the remainder of 2008. While we continue to operate within a growth cycle that defines the navigation industry, we have considered the global economic environment, within these recently announced 2008 expectations. So thanks everyone for their attention this morning. At this point we would like to open up for questions. So if you do have a question, please get in the queue and we will address them one at a time. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Aaron Husock with Morgan Stanley.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley :  Thank you for taking my questions. A couple of things quickly, just to start, on the auto/mobile gross margin, should we see that kick back up some in Q1 as the mix gets a little bit richer post the holiday season and you've end-of-lifed some low margin products 
Kevin Rauckman: I think in general, yes. Our expectations are that over-all ASP should come up slightly because we had some very low price points, as we end the life on the C330, during the holiday season. So in general, yes. From a trend basis, Q1 should be slightly above what Q4 was on PND margins. Yes.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley : Could we see that get back above 40%, especially as you take out some NAND cost? Would that transition tip?
Kevin Rauckman: It's likely that we could get that high, yes. 
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley : Okay, great. Can you address the European PND market? There has been a lot of concern about slowing and signs of saturation there. Can you tell us what you are seeing over all?
Clifton Pemble: Yeah, I think - Aaron, this is Cliff - I think that projections for 2008 have ranged anywhere from 35% to, probably, in the 40% range, which is kind of our expectation at this moment as well. That does obviously represent a slowing of the growth that we have seen in Europe. The quantity and the market is very large and we see ourselves as taking an increase in share in Europe, as well.
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley : Okay, great. And then just, can you elaborate a little bit more on the feedback you got at 3GSM on the nüvifone. I am assuming, just from your comment today, that you haven’t actually signed any carriers yet. Do you feel that you are actually close? I mean, could we expect something signed within the month?
Clifton Pemble: Well, we are not really prepared to give timelines of when we will announce that particular signing. There is a lot of activity going on. As we mentioned, the response at the show was quite positive, in fact, overwhelmingly so for us. So, we feel that we have a strong product concept, there is a lot of interest from carriers in the industry, and we are just moving forward with our plan. 
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley : Great, thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jonathan Goldberg with Deutsche Bank.
Jonathan Goldberg : Just first a house keeping question. You mentioned an $0.08 foreign exchange impact, is that right, for that quarter?
Deutsche Bank: Just first a house keeping question. You mentioned an $0.08 foreign exchange impact, is that right, for that quarter?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. 
Jonathan Goldberg: So your headline number of $1.39 is favorably impacted by $0.08? Is that right?
Deutsche Bank: So your headline number of $1.39 is favorably impacted by $0.08? Is that right?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I mean, when you strip that out its $1.31. Yes.
Jonathan Goldberg: Okay. And then, I just want to talk a little bit about guidance. You mentioned that you had factored in some form of global slowdown when you were making your forecasts for 2008. Can you just elaborate on that a little bit more? How bad do you think things are going to be? How long in advance do you - are you receiving orders from retailers now for the middle of the year or for the end of the year? Could you just walk us through how that process works?
Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then, I just want to talk a little bit about guidance. You mentioned that you had factored in some form of global slowdown when you were making your forecasts for 2008. Can you just elaborate on that a little bit more? How bad do you think things are going to be? How long in advance do you - are you receiving orders from retailers now for the middle of the year or for the end of the year? Could you just walk us through how that process works?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. I think what we are experiencing is very typical of what we have seen in the past few years. We do get some orders, talking about spring promotional activity already. It depends on the retailer. In some cases we are already talking about plans for next year's holiday season, but we don’t have huge backlogs. We have never been a large backlog business, but we get orders in as we go through the quarter, for the current quarter, and also for the upcoming spring selling season. I don’t see anything - a major difference in how we deal with the retail channels, but we just don’t have great visibility on the back half of the year, at this point. 
Jonathan Goldberg : So how did you get your guidance if you are not clear on the end of the year? When you built your models, what did you factor in for growth, at the end of the year?
Deutsche Bank: So how did you get your guidance if you are not clear on the end of the year? When you built your models, what did you factor in for growth, at the end of the year?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think that the fourth quarter will continue to be a larger portion of our full year, as the PND has now become a mass market. It approached 40% last year, I think it was 38%. I think we will probably be close to 40% in the full year, in the holiday season. But the way we do our forecasts are a combination of overall trends in the four market segments that we serve. And also doing a kind of bottom up, country by country look at what the business appears to be able to achieve during the year.
Jonathan Goldberg : And are you seeing any signs of a global, or a US and European recession, right now? From what you can actually see?
Deutsche Bank: And are you seeing any signs of a global, or a US and European recession, right now? From what you can actually see?
Kevin Rauckman: I think you guys are the experts on global recession. I'm not sure I can make a comment on whether we are going there, but I think we try to be conservative with our outlooks.
Jonathan Goldberg : But you are not actually seeing, in your numbers now, it doesn’t feel like a slow down yet?
Deutsche Bank: But you are not actually seeing, in your numbers now, it doesn’t feel like a slow down yet?
Kevin Rauckman: No. Some retailers are still growing quite rapidly, others, maybe not so much. In general, we still see growth, that's what we have outlined today with our guidance.
Jonathan Goldberg : Great, thank you very much.
Deutsche Bank: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jeff Evanson of Dougherty & Company,
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company:  Good morning and thank you for taking my questions. Kevin, could you talk a little bit about how long you think this 12% tax rate can last and what are maybe the policy swing factors that go into determining that? Taiwanese tax policy.
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I think that we have been pretty open about the holidays that we get, and those are always five year forward looking, so at a minimum we are going to get that type of a rate for the next five years. Part of it has to do with incremental growth too, so the more that we generate and produce out of Taiwan, the better the effective rates can get. So I would just say, for now, the expectation would be 12% for the next foreseeable future, for the next five years.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Great. Can you give us, either some sense of how many PND units you shipped into Europe, or where you think your market share is in Europe, at this point?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, we believe we came close to the 20%-25% range on market share in Europe. We did ship more units into the US market, as I mentioned, it grew at a more rapid pace then Europe. We definitely shipped more then 50% of the PNDs into the US than we did in Europe. But there is still a strong and growing market share in Europe.   
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Is your expectation for PND growth in Asia Pacific, that that geography will grow faster then Europe and North America, in 2008, the same or slower?
Kevin Rauckman: I think the overall Asian contribution is still relatively small but we do see a growing demand for the Asia market in the next couple of years. But it's still a relatively small mix of our total $4.5 billion expectation.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Any sense on whether or not it will grow faster, though?
Min Kao: I should imagine there's a (indiscernible) limitation in most of the Asian countries
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Ok, thanks. Two more quick questions. Could you tell us a little bit about what your plans are for reducing inventory? Your days here are down 20% year over year, what kind of target are you looking for? And then, where are those reductions coming from? 
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think one of the messages that we wanted to communicate to you all today is that we generally are shooting for around 90 days of inventory, but there may be periods - like in order to level load our production, we don’t want to be going up and down on volumes thought 2008, but try to build at a reasonable, kind of linear rate. We may build ahead, in some cases. For example, Q1 would be an example of that, where we will probably end up with a little bit higher inventory. Much like do in Q3, as well, as we approach the higher selling season. But in general, 90 days of inventory is still a pretty good target. 
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Okay, and then my last question. Could you give us some sense of what kind of assumptions we ought to be putting in our models for the nüvifone in 2008?
Kevin Rauckman: I think it's hard when you come out with a new product in a new category, like this. And until we get deals signed I'd say that we really don’t expect a major part of our revenue. We are still assuming the PND growth is where most of the growth comes from, and keep in mind nüvifone is in the back half of the year, too. So, it would not include anything in the first half.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Is there any kind of sense that you can give us on units and margins? Even though it is small, it would be helpful.
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think the margins - you should just assume it's near or maybe just slightly below our PND margins. But not materially off there. We're really not prepared to talk about actual nüvifone units this morning. 
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Okay, all right. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Noelle Swatland with Lehman Brothers. 
Noelle: Good morning guys.
Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Good morning guys.
Kevin Rauckman: Good morning.
Noelle: Congratulations on the quarter. My question related to - well actually, just a couple of questions here. First on the seasonality and PNDs, you had mentioned very strong sell through, moving into the first quarter. I think last year, units sequentially were down around 25%-30%. Is that the kind of range we should be thinking about for this year as well?
Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Congratulations on the quarter. My question related to - well actually, just a couple of questions here. First on the seasonality and PNDs, you had mentioned very strong sell through, moving into the first quarter. I think last year, units sequentially were down around 25%-30%. Is that the kind of range we should be thinking about for this year as well?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. PND units last year were down - well, I guess revenue, I'm looking at revenue - were down up to 30% in 2007, Q1. Given the really strong Q4 we just experienced, I think it's going to be more then that, going into Q1. Sequentially, our business came down in total, about 20%. I think it could be much closer to 40% in Q1, as we look at seasonality this year.
Noelle: Okay. And then, just on the other businesses. You have given some full year guidance, but can you just run us through some of the seasonal trends we should expect in those businesses in the first half. Will we see the marine business kind of fall in line with levels that we have seen last year? I know outdoor/fitness, you just released a variety of new products, so how do we think about seasonality there? And then - on aviation, is it kind of steady growth through the year or more backend loaded? Thanks
Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then, just on the other businesses. You have given some full year guidance, but can you just run us through some of the seasonal trends we should expect in those businesses in the first half. Will we see the marine business kind of fall in line with levels that we have seen last year? I know outdoor/fitness, you just released a variety of new products, so how do we think about seasonality there? And then - on aviation, is it kind of steady growth through the year or more backend loaded? Thanks
Kevin Rauckman: Well, in general, I think you will see similar trends in 2008. For example, on marine, we start picking up and sell marine sales in Q1, and they'll have a big Q2, and then we see a drop-off back down in Q3 and down further in Q4. So that trend really won't change much. Aviation, because of our expectations with the new OEM sales, we have more sales expected in the back half of aviation. So there are some data points on seasonality. Outdoor/Fitness will, I think, again operate very pretty much like it did last year. We will see a decline from Q4 to Q1, sequentially, and then an increase up into Q2, then an increase each quarter throughout the rest of the year.  And then, as I mentioned, the PND, the auto/mobile, will operate much like a mass market, where the holiday sales will probably approach 40% of the year. We will see a sequential decline on PNDs, as much as 50%, from Q4 last year to Q1 this year. And then a big increase, probably another 50% sequential increase, going into the second quarter, flattening out in Q3 and then a big bump up in Q4. So, there is a lot of detail, but that is the way that we see the year rolling out. 
Noelle: Thank you very much.
Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Thank you very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Scott Sutherland with Wedbush Morgan.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan Securities :  Hi, this is Kerry Rice, for Scott. Just a quick question. You touched on each of these in previous questions, but in the prepared comments you mentioned that inventory levels were at, what you felt, were the appropriate levels. I was curious; do you look at this on a weekly basis? Can you give us some insight on what you think the weekly inventory level is and if you think that - does that change seasonably a little bit, as well?
Kevin Rauckman: Are you talking about inventory in the retail channels?
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan : Yes. 
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I think in certain geographies we have pretty good information from our major retailers on what inventory they hold. And that hasn’t really changed. So we get, in some cases, daily feedback on what our retailers hold. And again, I said, it felt like the sell-through was very strong in Q4, obviously with the strong revenue. So we were in pretty good shape on the channel inventory, going into the year. So far this year, sell through continued to grow, as I mentioned. In some geographies, not so much, but in the US there continued to be pretty strong sell through. 
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan : Is there any kind of metric we can look for, like its five weeks at the retail channel?  
Kevin Rauckman: No, it's really pretty divergent, based on which retailer we are talking about. Some of the retailers hold just a few days, others hold weeks of inventory. 
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan : Okay. And then you mentioned that you didn’t really see any economic impact, or negative impact of the current economic environment in your guidance, but you know, with the auto/mobile being such a big piece of your revenue, if the auto market continues to experience the challenges that they have in '07, do you see that causing any kind of additional negative impact to your guidance? 
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I don’t know that I said we didn't see any impact on the economy. I think we were trying to be conservative of what we see going on in the overall global trends. So I just want to be a little more clear there. Clearly the growth rates are slower in 2008 than they were in 2007 on the PND. And I guess finally on your question on the overall automotive industry, I think that could impact the overall auto/mobile business for us in 2008.
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan : Okay, and one final question. Obviously you're seeing some pricing pressure, which is not new, but can you talk a little bit more about maybe the material costs and how that could offset - somebody mentioned NAND, but what about the LCD screens and other components that might see some pricing offsets?
Kevin Rauckman: As I mentioned, overall we believe our total ASPs on the auto/mobile segment will come down about 20% and we're budgeting about a 10% material cost reduction across that segment, so that will clearly have, on a percentage basis, have some pressures, but again we still expect pretty strong top-line growth. 
Kerry Rice - Wedbush Morgan : Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner with Oppenheimer & Company.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.:  Thank you, and also congratulations on the strong quarter. A couple of questions. First, in the US we saw in the fourth quarter, some pretty stiff price competition. How concerned are you about that coming back next year and to what extent have you baked that into your gross margin assumptions for 2008?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think that we're in an environment where prices are something we look at daily, and it's just part of the environment we operate in and we just factor in expectations on what we want to do with the pricing road map throughout the year. 20% is what we think we're going to see throughout the full year. I think, from a trend, you'll see pricing maybe come up a little bit in Q1 from the very low Q4 holiday season, but then trend down as we go through the rest of the year into the holiday season of '08.
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.: In the long term, what do you think the margins should be for the PND business?
Kevin Rauckman: Define long term. You mean in 2008? 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.: I would call that medium term. Let's say 2009, 2010.
Kevin Rauckman: Okay, now we're really not prepared to talk about 2009, but I would just say that we have factored in a much lower margin percentage in 2008 to be able to get to a 23% operating margin. So, probably 500-600 basis point decline on gross margin across the business. 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.: Panning out to the bigger picture, we're seeing various GPS aware applications and mapping applications appearing on a lot of devices. And I think that there's some concern out there that maybe over time PNDs will become less relevant as a mode of navigation. In the marketing work that you guys have done, what is your best estimate of how much PNDs can penetrate into the end-market and how big do you think this market ultimately is? 
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think there's a lot of debate about what the ultimate penetration level can be and I don't think anybody has a crystal ball. We've heard numbers anywhere from the mid to high twenties up to 45-50 and again this is a major question. And from there, what is the device replacement cycle as there is new innovations and so forth. So quite honestly, I don’t think that anybody has a clear answer to that. 
Yair Reiner - Oppenheimer & Co.: Very good. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ben Radinsky with Bear Stearns.
Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns:  Good morning. The first question is, you talked about ASP declines of 20% in '08. What's your assumption for the offsetting cost amount decline?
Kevin Rauckman: I said about 10% material cost reduction.
Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns:  Okay. Multiple times in your prepared remarks you talked about how you exceeded your expectations in Q4 for margins. What were your Q4 expectations for margins?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, we thought on the PND, for example, we could get as low as 35% so we, as you saw, we were 38%, so that came in about 300 basis points higher there.  
Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns: What happened? How were you able to achieve better margins than you expected? Especially considering the fact that multiple times you said that ASPs declined faster than you thought they would.  
Kevin Rauckman: I think, what I said on a couple of occasions was that the US component or the US market had more unit sales and that we still make more margin in the US than we do in Europe right now. So that favorable product mix helped us offset what our earlier expectations were. 
Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns: So that implies that the strength in margin was simply a matter of mix in Europe, meaning Europe was much weaker than you expected? 
Kevin Rauckman: Not the only factor, but it was a significant factor. 
Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns: Okay, and then, I know that you don't want to give much commentary about the phone, but let's assume you actually are successful in signing up a carrier.
Kevin Rauckman: That's what we think, yes. 
Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns:  You mentioned margins would be similar to PND margins if not slightly lower. Which PND margins are you talking about? Exiting 2008 margins or current margins?
Min Kao:  Exiting, about 30%.
Kevin Rauckman: Low thirties.
Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns: And given the fact that you are using manufacturing capabilities outside of your company, would you say that your operating margins are going to be significantly lower than currently exist for the PND business?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, depending on what we have to do with branding and advertising. Yes.
Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns: So, your gross margins might be stable, but your operating margins would be significantly lower.
Kevin Rauckman: Lower than the overall operating margin in the business or in the PND segment?
Min Kao:  I think they are very small but we expect that the operating expenses are going to be as high as the PNDs. 
Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns: Okay and then just one last one from me. Conceptually, given the fact that Q4 - you're expecting it to be such a fantastic quarter in 2008 given historical trends, do you expect that the phone will represent a large percentage of Q4 revenue or are you assuming that it will be a very small percentage of Q4 revenue? 
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think, as I mentioned earlier, it back-half loaded so for the full year it's not a significant number. And even for one individual quarter it won't be 25 or 30% of our quarter so it's still a relatively small part of our forecast at this point. 
Min Kao:  Yeah 5-10%.
Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns: Okay, so just as a follow-up to that. In Q4, you expect that the consumer demand will still exist for the PND and that the nüvifone will not cannibalize the PND business even if you have very substantial carrier relationships.
Kevin Rauckman: Right. That's correct. What we've said - I know I've talked about this for at least 12 months, is that the PND category is still going to be a strong category. The mobile enhanced set market will grow but there will be more users and that's one of the reasons that we announced the nüvifone. We feel like we need to contribute to that part of the market. But PND does not get cannibalized to the point where it goes away. 
Ben Radinsky - Bear Stearns: Thanks very much.
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of JB Groh, of DA Davidson & Co.
JB Groh - DA Davidson & Co.:  How are you doing?
Kevin Rauckman: Good, JB.
JB Groh - DA Davidson & Co.: I think you touched on what's embedded in your guidance in terms of ASP and material costs, but it sounds to me like you're not baking in a huge amount of revenue from nüvifone. Or how should we view that? I know you don't want to get too granular on what your expectations are but it seems to me that could be a wildcard to the guidance, at least from a top-line perspective. 
Kevin Rauckman: I think to what Min just said, if you think about 5-10% of any quarter, that's as large as it gets this year. That's what we think. 
JB Groh - DA Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then, what sort of C-Series inventory do you still have on the balance sheet and in the channel do you think? 
Kevin Rauckman: We think we pretty much end-of-lifed it. There's not much left. I can say on the C330, we still sell C5 Series, but on the C330, a very small amount. 
Clifton Pemble: The deal is gone.
Kevin Rauckman: We really did kill the product. 
JB Groh - DA Davidson & Co.:  And then, nüvifone - is it going to have a multiple carrier relationship? 
Clifton Pemble: As many as we can. 
JB Groh - DA Davidson & Co.: Okay. Thanks for your time. Congratulations on the year. 
Operator:  Your next question is from the line of Peter Friedland with Soleil.
Peter Friedland - Soleil :  Hey guys, can you just give us some absolute numbers in terms of your estimated size for the PND market in 2007, both US and Europe, and then you mentioned some growth expectations for the European market, and then so what are you expectations for the US? Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: We believe that, we don’t have all the numbers in yet, but we believe that the US market in PNDs likely exceeded 12 million units, and we think the European market was close to 16 million units. And those numbers at this point, we think the 16 in Europe will probably go into the low 20s, like 22, 23 in 2008, and the US market will likely go from 12 to probably 20. So you’ll see that the divergence, or the relative size difference in US and Europe will not be very great at the end of 2008.
Peter Friedland - Soleil : Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company.
Rich Valera - Needham & Co.: Thanks, all my questions have been answered.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks Rich.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jim Duffy with Thomas Weisel.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel: I was wondering if you could provide a little detail on some of the moving parts on the bill of material savings, where is the low hanging fruit there?
Dr. Min Kao: As Kevin indicated, we have projected around 10% of the cost decrease in components, and we actually saw some cost reductions in display, and also in NAND. 
Jim Duffy -Thomas Weisel: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brandon Dobell with William Blaire.
Brandon Dobell - William Blaire: Thanks, Kevin, I just have a question about, a bit of perspective, I guess, on the distributors. How much of an impact was that in the fourth quarter in terms of revenue for your guide? Are you happy with how the progression’s been? Just kind of getting those businesses squared away, and is there any kind of impact in your assumptions on what that might do for you?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think that the distributor acquisitions we acquired, our Italian and our Spanish distributors late in the quarter, so they really had very little contribution. France and Germany, which were earlier, 2007 acquired companies, continue to do very well for us in the overall European market, and in fact we’ve seen market share gains in both of those countries since the acquisition. And then Denmark, that just happened a few weeks ago so it’s too early to tell on that. But I think in general, the strategy of acquiring those major countries, I think we now own about 65% of the overall European markets, that are now Garmin. I think that’s so far been a successful strategy for us.
Brandon Dobell - William Blaire: Do you see any change in how the retailers are working with you guys in Europe now that you own more distributors or as much (inaudible), just a different margin structure?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I believe in many cases that we’re now, we have a common front to the retailer, and we’ve been able to get deals on work, promotional activities in several of the retailers in Europe and those countries, so it has helped us, I’m not prepared to give specifics on which distributor, or which retailer, but in general it has helped us, yes.
Brandon Dobell - William Blaire: And as you think about the split of advertising dollars in the auto/mobile section in the US and Europe, what’s the strategy there, how can we think about the different proportion of dollars going to the US and Europe?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we need to advertise effectively in both continents to be able to continue to push PND as a mass market, so that’s what’s in our advertising budget for the year, as continued print and TV and branding both in the US and country by country in Europe.
Brandon Dobell - William Blaire: Just a final question on that, is it fair to assume that the relative size of the advertising budget is going to map the revenue in those geographies for auto/mobile or is it a little bit…?
Kevin Rauckman: I think it’s fair to assume that that’s the way to evaluate it.
Brandon Dobell - William Blaire: Thanks.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of David Niederman with Pacific Crest Securities.
David Niederman - Pacific Crest Securities: Good morning, just hoping you could comment on your expectations for OpEx for Q1, should we see a similar sequential trend that we saw in ’07?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I think what we typically see is sales is sequentially down and we have more of a fixed cost, so even though I commented on 16-17% for the year, it’s going to be very low in Q4, but our operating expenses will be higher as a percentage of sales in Q1.
David Niederman - Pacific Crest Securities: Great, thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you. Alright everyone, thanks again for your continued interest in our company, we aim to continue to stand our brand throughout 2008. We look forward to talking to you again at the next conference call. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-31 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, my name is Carmen, and I will be yourconference Operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone tothe Garmin Q3 2007 earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to preventany background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a question andanswer session. (Operator Instructions). I will now turn the call over to Ms.Polly Schwerdt. You may begin your conference ma’am.
Polly Schwerdt: Good morning, we would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd. Q32007 earnings call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerningthis call is available at Garmin’s investor relation site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, thiscall is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcastdoes include slides, which you can view during this call. An archive of thewebcast will be available until November 30, 2007. A telephone recording willbe available for two business days after this call, and a transcript of thecall will be available on the website within 48 hours, at www.garmin.com/stock, under the EventsCalendar tab. This earnings call includes projections and otherforward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Anystatements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, marketshares, product introductions, future demand for our products, and our plansand objectives, are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events andcircumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual resultscould differ materially, as a result of risks factors affecting Garmin.Information concerning these risks factors is contained in our Form 10-K forthe fiscal year ended December 30, 2006, filed with the Securities and ExchangeCommission. Attending on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Dr. MinKao, Chairman and CEO; Cliff Pemble, President and COO; Kevin Rauckman, CFO andTreasurer; and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for thismorning’s call are Dr. Min Kao, Cliff Pemble, and Kevin Rauckman. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Kao.
Dr. Min Kao: Thank you Polly. Good morning everyone. From this morning’spress release, you can see that we’ve recorded yet another record quarter.Total revenues and EPS again both exceeded our expectations. Revenue for thequarter increased 79%, to $729 million. EPS was up 57%, or 78% excluding theeffect of foreign currency. Unit volume was more than doubled, up 119%. Revenuegoals continue to show strength in all four business segments. Over 2.6 millionGarmin products was shipped during Q3, bringing our total to almost 25 millionunits shipped to date, continued evidence of the strength of the Garmin brand.We now expect to ship over 10 million units in 2007. Our worldwide employeesincreased to over 7,900. We added 1,100 manufacturing associates during thequarter, to (inaudible). According to independent market research, Garmin hasmaintained a strong number one PND position, with approximately 50% of marketshare in North America, and a strong improvement in market share in Europe. To keep pace with a continuous increase of demand for ourproducts, we continue to expand our facilities. In Taiwan, we have completed ourinitial build-out of our third manufacturing facility. Manufacturing facilitieshave the ability to produce 26 million units annually. We continue to expandR&D and other office space, and we’ll continue to build-out our thirdfacility as demand warrants. In Europe, we expect theacquisitions of our Italian, Spanish and Danish distributors will provide uswith additional distribution support in those countries. And in the U.S., work continues on the expansion of ourwarehouse distribution facility at our Kansasheadquarters. We anticipate completion of this facility in the first quarter of2008. In this morning’s press release, we announced theappointment of Cliff Pemble to anewly created Chief Operating Officer position. Since our inception in 1989, wehave set significant and consistent goals every year. We have (inaudible) ourcompany as a leader of navigation devices, with nearly 8,000 employees, and(inaudible) operations at an increasing number of locations. We serve four markets, from which we have leveraged greatsynergies in technologies and operations. Our [c-series] has its own uniquecharacteristics that require strong leadership. Especially in ourAutomotive/Mobile segment, which has very significant growth opportunity, isextremely dynamic. So to support our continuous goals, and to ensure our futuresuccess, we need additional dedicated leaderships. Accordingly, we haveappointed Cliff to a newly created COO position. Cliff was one of Garmin’sfirst employees in 1989, and his presently VP of Engineering and a Boardmember. Cliff has brought his mental power of many business and productinitiatives since the inception of Garmin. In this new role, Cliff will alsoassume direct supervision of all Garmin’s North American subsidiaries. And Iwill continue to serve as CEO and Chairman; assigning additionalresponsibilities to Cliff will allow me to devote more of my time to businessdevelopment, strategic planning, and the development of our Asia-Pacificbusiness initiatives. Kevin will provide comments on our Q3 results. And I wouldjust like to give a few words of our business outlook. As we look forward, weare optimistic about the 2007 holiday season. We feel that we have continuousinnovation, and our work integration strategy has positioned Garmin to take alladvantage of PND market opportunities in both Q4 and into 2008. We believe weare well equipped to respond to increased demand for parts. We have increasedour manufacturing facilities and our inventories in preparation for holidayseason. We anticipate enhanced product positioning, advertising, and theholiday season promotion activities will give strong growth through theremainder of 2007. Quite obviously we are pleased with the margin levels wehave achieved so far in 2007. We anticipate pricing and margin compression willintensify during this holiday season. For our aviation segment, WAAS and theGMX 200 will continue to drive revenue goals. (inaudible) recently announcedmicro jet and other certifications also continuous for deliveries in 2008 andbeyond. Similarly, we expect the new suite of marine products andcartography, as we have acquired T01 autopilot, to continue to drive our marinesegment goals, in both (inaudible). For our outdoor/fitness segment, the Astro dog trackingproduct, and new Rino eTrex products, featuring high-sensitivity GPS, has beenvery well received, and we are likely to see good sales, given the holidays.Additionally, the new 450s provides a new, value priced fitness product for(inaudible) So in summary we are pleased with our overall result and areexcited about these opportunities. Just a few comments about our recent acquisition activities.We continue to examine potential acquisition opportunities to broaden Garmin’sproduct offerings and enhance our technology opportunities. We feel that we have achieved impressive results andincreased market shares from the recent acquisitions of French and Germandistributors. Furthermore, in addition to the previous unannouncedacquisition of our Spanish distributors, in early August we announced ourintent to acquire our Italian distributor, Synergy. Additionally on October 11th,we announced our intent to acquire our Danish distributors FairpointNavigation. These acquisitions of distributors in many markets is a partof our strategy to improve rent, visibility and market share in Europe. Early this morning we announced our intent to acquire TeleAtlas. This acquisition is consistent with our vision as a market leader inlocation and innovation based product and technology. This acquisition alsodemonstrated Garmin’s commitment to provide value for its shareholders. Historically, Garmin believes that an independentcompetitive net to duoply serves our industry well, however in the absence ofthis independent and competitive net to duoply Garmin must exercise itsobligation to provide market leadership. Garmin believes that it is best equipped to provide thisleadership by a part Tele Atlas We also believe this acquisition in the best interest ofTele Atlas and Garmin’s state holders. Leveraging Garmin’s strong financialposition and long history of innovations with Tele Atlas maps, we believeGarmin’s reaching for the future which includes the combined Garmin Tele Atlasentity will benefit market participants and customers and Tele Atlas customers. Together with this cost, the acquisition details more fullynear the end of this conference call we will also take questions you may haveduring the Q & A session of this call. At this time I would like to turn the call over to CliffPemble to provide our product and advertising update.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you Min. I’ll be presenting a brief update on our Q3product releases and other major initiatives undergoing in the quarter. Turningfirst in the automotive segment, during third quarter we released the nuvi 260which features text to speech capability. nuvi 260 rounds our value consciousnuvi 200 product line by offering a configuration for nearly every customer andbudget. The nuvi 200 line is becoming one of our more popular product lineswithin the lineup that we have In addition, we released the nuvi 700 series which is atotally new family of products rounding out the upper end of our productlineup. The nuvi 700 series includes all of the features of our high-end PNDproducts but it’s wrapped in a new form factor which is thinner and includes abuilt in antenna eliminating the slip up antenna design of the previousgeneration products. We’ve also added some new features like a where am Ilocation search and a where’s my car search that allows a customer toe easilyfind their parked vehicle. With the release of these new PNDs our Q4 product line iscomplete and we believe we have excellent shelf space and sufficient product tomeet the demands of the holiday season. Turning next to the outdoor and fitness segment, we releasedupdated versions of eTrex product family, the goal of these news products wasto incorporate a state of the art high sensitivity GPS receiver for better ofoperation in areas of dense foliage other shading conditions. As you would expect, we offer several configurations inorder  to best match a product withcustomer needs starting with the basic eTrex H, through the higher end eTrexVista JCX which feature a memory extension slot. Also during Q3 we released our new Astro dog trackingsystem. In addition to tracking up to ten dogs on a moving map, its uniqueproduct also includes advanced features such as on point detection and abilityto record the location and number of birds encountered or taking on a hunt. TheAstro has been enthusiastically embraced by the outdoor market, and we lookforward to extending our roll in this exciting new application for GPS. And finally, we initiated shipments of our new Forerunner 50speed and distance watch. This product features accurate measurement of sped,distance and heart rate in an economical package and is the first product tooffer wireless connectivity so that the user can automatically download workoutinformation to our Garmin connect fitness site when in proximity of a homecomputer. Turning next to aviation. Several exciting announcementswere made at the recent NBAA trade show. First, Cessna announced that the g1000will be offered on 2008 model caravan aircraft. The response from Cessna’scustomers was positive, and according to public information provided by Cessnaan additional 50 orders were take for the Caravan during the NBAA and AOPAshows. As we mentioned last time, Cessna has selected Garmin as theavionic supplier for the new Skycatcher life support aircraft. Cessna recentlyannounced that orders for this new aircraft exceed 850 units, which is furthervalidation of this exciting aircraft category. Also during the NBAA show, Socata announced that the G1000will soon be available on the TBM850 and Piper announced that it selected theG1000 for its new single engine BLJ. Finally, we announced the G1000 retrofitprogram for the King Air 200 and B200 aircraft. The King Air 200 announcement compliments our existingprogram for C90, as an update on this program we’ve completed the certificationflight tests and anticipate shipping the system to installers during the fourthquarter. We continue to maintain delivery support of Cessna MustangVLJ and are supporting the development of several other VLJ programs. The EmbryAir Phenom program is progressing well, as is theDiamond D jet and Honda jet. In fact some of you may have noticed Honda’scorporate image advertisement which aired this weekend and features images ofthe Honda jet. Finally we’ve launched our fourth quarter advertisingcampaign. This year we’ll be very active in promoting our product ontelevision, radio, print, and at the point of sale. Some of you may havenoticed our TV campaign which started this week. We’re looking forward tomaking a favorable impression on customers leading up to the holiday shoppingseason, and the stores are ready to receive them with many appealing offersthat will be available on Black Friday. That concludes my update. Kevin will continue his financialupdate and will provide detailed comments on our proposed offer to acquire TeleAtlas.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank Cliff. I’ll be presenting third quarter and year todate financial results as is normal, including business segment details andfinally conclude with our updated full year 2007 outlook. Fur first on the Q3 income statement. Our revenue during theperiod that we recognized was $720 million, net income of $194 million andearnings per share of $0.88 per share. That represents 79% top line growth and57% earnings per share growth and when we strip out the fourth currency thatactually represents 78% earnings per share without FX, for the unfavorable oneten EPS impact was due to the FX loss of 3.6 million during the period. As we’ve announced throughout the year, the gross margin of46.9% was better than expected due to strong PND volume in the US and Europe,PND price erosion offset by some material cost reductions and operatingefficiencies in our factories. We now have a 24.9% operating margin which is down from29.7% last year but much better than expected. Our gross margins were 190 basepoints unfavorable, advertising 40 basis points favorable from Q3 06, our otherSGNA was 70 basis points unfavorable and our RND 190 basis points favorable. We id shift 2.7 million units during the quarter, on thestrength of our automobile segment, and our average selling price during Q3 was$271  per unit, 7% below the secondquarter of ‘07. Non-GAAP measures that were reported include net incomeexcluding the effect of foreign currencies and during Q3 this impact looking atrevenue by segment we experienced triple digit revenue growth across theautomobile segment, while the unit growth in that segment grew 203%. Revenue within the aviation segment continued its stronggrowth with 27% growth rate over the third quarter of 2006. Our marine segment extended its Q2 growth into Q3 with a 17%revenue increase during the quarter. Our outdoor segment also continued its recovery as thegrowth within that segment was 20%. Overall our revenues grew 79% during the third quarter,which was in line with our earlier expectations. Sales of products introduced within the last twelve monthscontributed to 41% of our Q3 revenue. Overall our total revenues have grown 69%during the year to date 2007 period, and on a year to date basis all foursegments have experience double-digit revenue growth with automobile revenuesup over 100% and our aviation segment up 30% over year to date 2006. During the third quarter, North American revenue was up 71%while our European business increased 89% (inaudible) quarter. Our Asian salesalso grew 109% during the period. Our Q3 North American unit sales increased 121% on thestrength of product PND sales, our Europe unitsales kept pave during the quarter and also grew 126%. Year to date NorthAmerican revenue is up 76% while our European business has increased 58%. OurAsian sales also grew 60% on a year to day basis. North American unit sales increased year to date 114% on thestrength of PND product sales and our European unit sales also grew over 85%.This was the explosive PND market; our automotive global statement nowrepresents 72% of our total business. Within the automobile segments, the North American wasgreater than European growth; however both continents experienced 100% unitgrowth quarter over quarter. As mentioned earlier, total North American market growth wassimilar to Europe during the quarter and NorthAmerican represents now 62% of our total business. Looking at product mix when we evaluated the PND units inour automobile segments, in Q3 we had nearly two-thirds of our revenue comingfrom what we classified as the lower priced products and nearly one third fromthe mid range and high end products. Looking next to margin by segment, (inaudible) aviationgross margin and operating margin remained relatively stable at 66% and 36%respectively. Q3 outdoor fitness gross margin and operating margindecreased to 52 and 33% respectively. In our third quarter, marine gross margins decreased to 53%while the operating margin in the segment decreased to 33% due to lover volumeduring the quarter. Third quarter automobile gross margin came in at 43% beatingour expectations, the primary reason for the strength of the gross margin inthis segment is because price compression was not as severe as earlierexpected. We also experienced benefit from favorable product mix as PND unitssold in the IS were greater than in Europe. Operating margin of 28% within this automobile was higherthan expected. Due to expected price competition of PND products during theholiday season, we continue to expect this automobile will experience declininggrowth in operating margin during the fourth quarter of 2007. Moving next to our operating expenses, R&D increased $4million quarter over quarter in dollar terms was down 190 basis points to 5.6%of sales. We now employ nearly 1300 engineers and engineering associatesworldwide. Our ad spending increased by 15 million over the year ago quarterbut on a percentage of sales advertising was down 40 basis points at 5.3% ofsales. We expect ad spending to increase sequentially by nearly 25 millionduring the fourth quarter as we are just on the front end of our forth quarterTV ad campaign. Other FTNA increased 70 basis points to 6.6% of sales from5.9% a year ago. We continue to expect that our operating expenses willrepresent approximately 17% to 18% of sales for the full year, but only 16% to17% for fourth quarter and sales peak during theholidays. Moving next to the balance sheet.After distributing nearly $165 million in cash dividends to our shareholders,we ended the quarter with a cash and marketable security balance of just overone billion dollars. Our accounts receivable remain relatively flat as 525million due to linear shipments during the quarter and accounted forapproximately 62 days of sales. We've already collected on over 250 million ofreceivables during fourth quarter. Our inventory dollars were up nearly 200million from the second quarter and our data of inventory metric increased. Atthe end of Q3 we now hold 99 days of inventory which is up from 67 days in thesecond quarter, and those dollars are made up of the following categories: 152million in raw materials, which represents 29 days, 67 million in web, whichrepresents 13 days, and 300 million in finished goods, which represents 57days, and we ended the period with $18 million in inventory reserves. The increase in our raw materialsand in our finished goods was planned as we prepare for a significantly highersales raise during the holiday season, and consistent with past history wewould expect our inventory to decrease in dollars as we exit 2007. As we'vestated in the past, and we've continued to experience, our retail tailinventory continues to be lean, and as most of our products remain stronger inthe Q3. Looking at our cash flowstatement, cash flow from operations was 134 billion during the Q3, we didspend $17 million with CapEx strength Q3 and the precash flow that we announcedduring Q3 was $117 million. Cash flow from investing was at 48 million, sourceof cash, Q3, was made up of the 17 million CapEx spend, $15 million onacquisitions of business and intangibles, and in net redemptive marketablesecurities of 81 million. Cash flow from financing was 146 million use of cashduring the period which is made up of 163 million dividends paid, cashdividends paid, and 17 million proceeds from options exercise. Overall weearned an average of 4.7% on all cash and marketable securities during 3rdquarter. Finally on the financial sectionof the presentation, we remain optimistic about the future success for businessand therefore are increasing our earlier annual outlook for 2007. We now expecttotal revenue for the year to exceed 2.9 billion in sales, with 63% growth. Ourearlier guidance was 2.8 billion. We now expect earnings per share to grow atleast 45% up to $3.40 per share, our earlier guidance of $3.15. Operatingmarkets have committed 28% for the year, and this represents a 100 basis pointimprovement from our earlier guidance, and we expect higher volumes during Q4.CapEx for the full year remains constant, at 150 million, our expected tax rateremains unchanged, at approximately 13%, and looking at the segment growthrate, our auto and mobile segment is now expected to grow at least 9% duringthe year 2007. All other business segments sales expectations remain unchangedfrom earlier guidance. Finally I would like to conclude thepresentation today by walking you through some of the highlights of theannounced acquisition of Tele Atlas this morning. (inaudible) Garmin announcesits intention to make a cash offer to acquire 100% of the outstanding shares ofTele Atlas for 24.50 per share, Euro. The total equity value of the transactionis approximately 2.3 billion Euros, or 3.3 billion U.S. dollars. We believethis offer provides increased value to Tele Atlas shareholders as it representsa 15% premium to the current top offer of 21.25 Euro per share. We have beenadvised on this transaction by Credit Suisse and Rekordy Bank and have securedfinancing commitments in place in addition to our over one billion of our owncash on hand. Looking at Garmin's vision for thedigital maps for the future, this is one of the primary reasons for ourannouncement this morning, Garmin's vision for the digital map for futureincludes expanded coverage and improved map quality, and we believe that thecombination of our two companies will best enable us to be successful in thisarea. We also believe that the expansion of map utility will be realizedthrough improved points of interest, local search, pedestrian friendly content,and future of 3D mapping. Foreman of the track is a large install base ofusers, over 25 million, and we intend to capitalize on this growing community,increase real time content, using Tele Atlas maps, some kind of garmentconnective devices, as part of a larger mobile device network. Some of thebenefits of this offer are both seen from the end user and from the Tele Atlascustomer perspective. And these benefits include more realistic representationof surroundings, improved mobile search capabilities, including Poi’s andInternet enabled local search. Intuitive operation within every segment of thenavigation market, including in-dash, portable, mobile phones, and theenterprise. Other benefits include real time content, including traffic andhistorical flow data, an increase in the number of future applications,including new market opportunities, continued connected device innovation, andfinally a very important benefit, uniform and fair access with Tele Atlascontent to all customers. Finally what we believe thatGarmin is the ideal combination with Tele Atlas because of our entrepreneurialculture led to our growing into global leader in navigation technology. Garminhas financial strength and organizational structure to build position as theydiversify navigation and communication company. As mentioned earlier, we'reexcited about our vision for maps of the future and our ability to execute onthat vision. We've acquired many companies within the last few years and havethe ability to provide Tele Atlas with the resources and support necessary tobuild on their past success. From a vertical integration strategy andoperational skills by proven business model to effectively manage a globalorganization. Finally it's our intent to retainall management and personnel at Tele Atlas in order to support the expansion oftheir content offerings. That concludes our formal presentation at this time.As is customary we'd like to open up the phone lines to those of you who are inqueue for Q & A, so we'd welcome any questions at this time.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from theline of Ronald Epstein with Merrill Lynch.
Ronald Epstein: Hey, good morning guys. Just aquestion on the potential acquisition. Kevin, are you expecting a counter bid?
Kevin Rauckman: If we expect a counter bid, Ithink we feel like the offer we made this morning at 24.50 Euros per share is astrong offer, it's an offer we feel that Tele Atlas will strongly consider. WEreally can't speculate on what may happen in the future. But again, given the15 % premium over the existing offer that was out there we feel like it was acompelling offer.
Ronald Epstein: Ok. And then I guess, for Cliff,kind of a question I always kind of come back to, is, when we think about thedevelopment of the avionics business, what time frame can we expect somethingin a larger business jet, something like a CJ One Plus, or CJ Two Plus classairplane?
Cliff Pemble: I think that kind of businesstakes a while to develop, although we are making gradual steps in order to beable to do so. Our work on the Phenom program involves creating some of theelements that are required for the larger business jet, so we think it willtake quite a few years really to fully develop the capability.
Ronald Epstein: Ok great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the lineof Jeff Evanson, at Dougherty and Company.
Jeff Evanson: Good morning everybody. Thanks fortaking my questions. Men, could you talk a little about how you might attackthe Asian market, more broadly. Clearly a big opportunity and growing veryquickly for you.
Dr. Min Kao: As you said the Asian market isone of the major emerging markets, and we expect that over the next 3-5 yearscountries like China, India, and (inaudible) will have a significant growthopportunities. We have recently reorganized and expanded our marketing sharesin our division in our Taiwanbase, and also we are expanding our R & D (missing audio) We started in Taiwan to step out (and for the Asia market, )so we're finding that we’re working hard in both marketing,sales and R & D to get ready to participate in these emerging markets.
Jeff Evanson: How important is it for you to ownyour own mapping and turn-by-turn data base in attacking the Asian markets andhow do you feel Tele Atlas's positioning compares with others in the market?
Dr. Min Kao: I think that as far as mapping isconcerned (prior to all the that the Asiamarket, we almost a priority in most other countries. In Japan you know there's no, it’s clear, you know,it is unlike North America, and Europe. Inthose markets we could not have the), but in Asiawe don't see that, so it's still meant to be seen how that the mapping(inaudible) will evolve.
Jeff Evanson: Ok. Thank you. I'm curious. If, asyou thought about how you'd pay for this acquisition, and potentially if theprice went higher, when and under what circumstances would you start to thinkabout your offer possibly including equity?
Kevin Rauckman: Yea, I think, Jeff, you probablyare not going to be surprised we're not going to comment on that. I think thatthe key point here is that we feel like we have the financial strength andflexibility to acquire Tele Atlas, and that's what we're announcing thismorning.
Jeff Evanson: Ok, my last question is, I was abit intrigued to see that you expect minimal costs for winding down yourrelationship with Navtec. Could you communicate, talk a little bit about thetiming and process and costs related to that?
Kevin Rauckman: From a technical and operationalpoint of view, we've been very vast over the years in using maps from varioussuppliers though it's not a difficult thing to be able to switch. The timing Ithink is yet to be determined although we would anticipate over the next 12 -24 months that we would start to transition some products in some markets,depending on the situation.
Jeff Evanson: But I thought you possibly hadsome legal costs related to your contracts there that might be an issue.
Kevin Rauckman: I don't think we can really comeout with details of that particular relationship other than depending on oursuccess with the intent to offer; we’ll go through the process.
Jeff Evanson: Ok, thank you very much.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes fromNoelle Swatland with Lehman Brothers
Noelle Swatland: Hi guys, congratulations on a goodquarter. Two questions, my first questionrelates to the announcement of the TADL. I'm just wondering, do you feelTomTom’s seems to illustrate or suggest that their strategy is key now tohaving an integrated mapping unit under one umbrella. How do you feel aboutthat yourselves and are there other options, are you pretty committed to makingsure that you now have an integrated option also and I'll follow up with thePND question after that.
Kevin Rauckman: I think as we mentioned before, 90days ago, the industry was quite different than it is today with the twoindependent suppliers. So given that there's going to be change taking place wefeel like it's the right time for us to exercise leadership and that in termsof obviously vertically integrating but also being able to find the match withthe future and lead the way in terms of device innovation which we think willbe good for the entire industry.
Noelle Swatland: Ok, great. And are you guys makingany comments at all in terms of anticipated solution?
Kevin Rauckman: Other than, it would really bediluted for the first couple of years and we'd be equated by the year three.
Noelle Swatland: Ok, and then, just, Kevin aquestion on PND margins this quarter. I think following some of the strengthsthat TomTom had seen in their third quarter, can you just talk through some ofthe differences? My sense is that the numbers that you saw this quarterand how compared to the last quarter, I know you had mentioned a greater mix ofroll-in products as well but from my understanding you had, you know, a newpricing strategy in Europe and obviously the US is very strong and that’s amuch higher business for you as well.
Kevin Rauckman: You recognize, you are asking me to compare Q2 to Q3 or…
Noelle Swatland -Lehman Brothers: Yes, yes
Kevin Rauckman: Okay, from Q2 to Q3 I think we definitely saw overall ISPscome down we saw prices come down but not as much as maybe earlier suspectedand I think the product mixes I mentioned selling more at the low-end was thekey driver in bringing PND margins down to the -- the 46% down to the 43%level.
Noelle Swatland -Lehman Brothers: Ok, great. thanks guys.
UnidentifiedRepresentative: Thank you
Operator: Your next questions comes from the line of Jonathan Goldbergof Deutsche Bank
Jonathan Goldberg -Deutsche Bank: Hi, thanks for taking my call.  Just real quickly, going back to the TeleAtlas question, on the accretion dilution, are you assuming or how muchsynergies do you have built into that? What kind of synergies can we expect?
Kevin Rauckman: We are not really quantifying; but just say overall becauseof our comments on retaining the management personnel we are not assuming amajor synergy most of the [dilutative] impact is related to the amortization ofdebt and intangible amortization… First couple of years
Jonathan Goldberg -Deutsche Bank: Ok, and then on that note, are you comfortable with some ofthe cultural issues that would rise up in the integration process? It seemslike Tele Atlas was pretty close to TomTom historically, are you confident thatyou can keep the key personnel at a combined company?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we have also worked with Tele Atlas over the years,in fact, we worked with the initially in some of our early PND products, and wethink that the team is very much culturally aligned with us as anentrepreneurial organization, very aggressive. You know our goal on this is to be able to engage as a customer  with Tele Atlas and retain all of thecustomers with Tele Atlas going forward
Jonathan Goldberg -Deutsche Bank: Okay, and then a question on products.  It seems like you got into about 30% percentsequential growth; and maybe even a little bit less than that for the autosegment… and historically you have seen higher levels than that.  Is there something going on? Is there maybesome reason for your being conservative? Or is there potential for an upside?
Unidentified CompanyRepresentative: No reason other than our normal conservative nature.  But I think that sequential growth on theauto/mobile segment essentially represents closer to 40% plus growth from Q3 toQ4.
Jonathan Goldberg -Deutsche Bank: Okay… Great thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Nice to hear
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Yair Reiner of CIBCworld markets
Yair Reiner: Good morning guys and congrats also for the greatresults.  First again on Tele Atlas, itlooks like you guys were deliberating this move for quite some time.  To what extent can you share with us, youknow,  some of the thinking that you had aboutmoving ahead? And then why you maybe looked passed other options; such as,maybe building rather than buying a map?
Kevin Rauckman: I think the first comment I will make, and maybe Cliff wouldwant to jump in. But our consideration of the option to leave off for a… makeand offer to acquire is really rather recent; given the significant changesthat have taken place in the industry over the last 90 days.  But given those current moves towardsconsolidation in the sector we just really believe that right now is the righttime to combine with a mapping supplier. Probably categorize it that way.
Yair Reiner: Okay, why that rather than take the however long it took tobuild your own map.  Is it really aquestion of, kind of, lost time?
Cliff Pemble: I think it is an exceedingly difficult task to build themaps from scratch I think it is what we call technically possible, there iscertainly new technology that can be brought to bear in doing so…  But it is a proposition that has high riskfrom an execution point of view and a very long time schedule and it is alsonot inexpensive.
Yair Reiner: Okay good.  In termsof your characterization of the product mix. When you talk about one third being low end.  Do you include the wide version of the 200 orthe pan-European version of the 200? Would that also go into that low-end bucket? Of that two thirds?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, yes. C-series.  The remaining c-seriesthe Newbie 200 and the Newbie 200Y; all of those that you mentioned yes, thoseare low-end models.
Yair Reiner: Yes, and if we look deeply into that bucket  how has the traction been for the, let ussay,  high end of that lower end and howhas that mix trend developing into the fourth quarter?
Kevin Rauckman: I think it has continued to be pretty strong but as we gothrough a pretty competitive holiday season we are expecting  prices to be. And I think the overall environment will be quite aggressive in terms ofprice.  So that that is why, given ourguidance, we are expecting margins to continue to decline.
Yair Reiner: One more question and I’ll get back into the queue.  On the outdoor and fitness, nice growth thereespecially considering the season, to what extent to you think that is areflection of, kind of the, the new product enhancements and to what extent isthat the increased awareness and demand for GPS in general.
Kevin Rauckman: I think certainly there can be some combination of the bothof those things, although we saw strength across the entire breadth of theoutdoor fitness line.  Of course theAstro provided new revenue which we didn’t have before, our fitness line isgrowing nicely, and the outdoor line benefited from the release of new highsensitivity receivers which was received well by the market.
Yair Reiner: Thank you I’ll get back in the queue.
UnidentifiedRepresentative: Thank you
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Rath ofCanaccord Adams.
Jeff Rath: …Mid-quarter.  I waswondering, Kevin, if you could give us a little color as it relates to, sortof, pricing differentials that you see in Europe versus North America? And this is particularly in the auto/mobile segment; whatare they and with the mix shift how is that pricing differential changing andmaybe you  even can give us some colorgoing forward? Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: I think there are several points here.  I think that first of all European markethistorically… first of all, fragmented, as we have talked about many times, cutcountry by country.  But in general wehave seen about a 15% differential between price historically.  We have recently, because of what we havedone in the USmarket on price, we have seen that gap shrinking and it is much, much,lower.  The differential between US and Europe in fact if you just look at both continents  growing towards mass-market levels that’slikely to continue. So there is the gap is, I am not saying that it is zero butit is much smaller than it used to be. Going forward I think that it will be about, I think the pricingdifferential will be very little difference between the two continents.
Operator: I’m sorry, your next question comes from Aaron Husock ofMorgan Stanley.
Aaron Husock: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.  Just a couple quick ones.  I guess, following along with the lastquestions. I once had higher margins on your US P and D business.  Probably because of that price gap, are youseeing margin convergence as well in the USversus Europe? And then on the next, that two-thirds unit volume being the low-end inQ3; where do you think that goes  in Q4?And I have got one more after.
Unidentified CompanyRepresentative: Okay the first one is perhaps, about the US and Europe[petes], I think margins have come down in both continents and I think goingforward we would see again just like the pricing compression  for the pricing differential I think we willsee less difference on the margin as well. And then the second question was the mix from two thirds roughly in Q3,we could be as high as 3/4ths or 75% low end in the fourth quarter.  It’s difficult to predict exactly it isdepending on sell through  but we wentfrom 50% low end Q2 to two-thirds in Q3 and I think that is going to continueto grow at the low-end just due to price.
Aaron Husock: Okay great.  And thenjust lastly on component costs; as you realize the full impact of the higherNAND flash cost and LCD costs in Q4, do you think your total cost of goods soldper unit in PND could actually go up sequentially in Q4?
Min Kao: We… I know we don’t expect that all [unintelligible] youknow we have pay [unintelligible] to up in sufficient flash memory and everyother components.  All along we don’t seethat the net increase  of our productcosts.
Aaron Husock: Great, thank you.
Min Kao: Thank you.
Operator: You next question comes from Ben Radinsky of Bear Stearns.
Ben Radinsky: Hi, good morning.  Thefirst on the Tele Atlas acquisition. NavTech when you discussed your license opportunities with them for thefuture, did you find them to be a willing partner.  Or was this something that was done in avacuum, the negotiation, excluding any potential acquisition of Tele Atlas.
Kevin Rauckman: I think, we have been saying all along that we have longerterm contracts with NavTech and that’s quite true.  We have not had lot of discussion of whatthings look like beyond the expiration of those contracts .
Ben Radinsky: Okay, how do you feel about capacity in the pipe for ‘08
Kevin Rauckman: As far as our ability to meet demand?
Ben Radinsky: Yup
Kevin Rauckman: Dan just given our investments recently this past year, a$100 million of CapEx in the Taiwanfactory we feel like we are poised to meet the growing demands of the PNDmarket into 2008.
Ben Radinsky: So you do not expect and major capital expenditures over thenext six quarters?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think major in terms of a facility purchase no,but  we will continue to expandproduction lines as demand and unit capacities are increasing.
Ben Radinsky: Okay and then the last one from me.  If you were to just take your full yearguidance for the outdoor business it implies 15% year over year growth in Q4which is down from 25% in Q3can you talk about why you have that slowdown inyour growth; especially considering the breadth of product offering that younow have in outdoor, I would expect it to be seasonally strong with the holidayseason.
Kevin Rauckman: I think we see roughly a $7million increase on actual sales,but yeah you are right from a growth rate it is only 15%.  I think we have been kind of up and down allyear on outdoor fitness… we are remaining to be  conservative as we go intothe holiday season  we will see how thoseunits continue to sell through.
Ben Radinsky: Okay, thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Peter Friedlandwith Soleil Group
Peter Friedland -Soleil Group: Hey guys, so very good first on the Tele Atlas deal, so Iguess, what is plan ‘B’ at this point if, for whatever reason, you get outbid?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we are pretty committed to making it work. I thinkgiven  announcement this morning of thenews that we have tried to emphasize that our strategy is… and we the thinkthat it is a very strong strategic fit. Plan B? I don’t know that we can comment on speculations before otherpossible outcomes. Again we are pretty committed to acquiring, and we feel likeour offering is pretty strong.
Peter Friedland -Soleil Group: Then as far as some of the acquisitions you made in Europe of the distributors what are you seeing as far asimpacts, on either your sales or your margins?
Kevin Rauckman: I think the two that have closed this year were France andGermany and they have, we have, seen market share gains in both of thosecountries and it appears that the strategy of acquiring and having a more  [portable] front to the retail channel hasbeen successful although we are still not happy with where we stand on marketshare… we have seen increases.  The othertwo that are pending, actually three that are pending we have not been able tobenefit yet.  That is Spain, Italyand Denmark,so those are  in due diligencestage.
Peter Friedland -Soleil Group: Then on ASP, so what the best way to think about where youare seeing in this market as far as ASP declines and then ‘apples to apples’price declines on your products.
Kevin Rauckman: Are you talking about, just the fourth quarter?
Peter Friedland -Soleil Group: Fourth quarter and then going into ‘08, if you can comment.
Kevin Rauckman: I can’t comment helpfully on ‘08, but if you look at thefull year, just on the PND, which is probably what you are referring to mostlysince we don’t have nearly as much price decline on the other segments.  We are looking at an overall ASP decline forthe full year around 30%.  Go forward, asI think we have mentioned, the prices will continue to go down, however,probably not at the same level in 2008 as we saw in 2007 on a percentagebasis.  Just because of how far they havecome down in just one year, this year, just in percentage basis
Peter Friedland -Soleil Group: Great thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Neiderman with PacificCrest Securities
David Neiderman -Pacific Crest Securities: Good morning thanks for taking the call.  So just a quick question on the TA (TeleAccess) deal so as you look at making the deal work have you modeled outscenarios where TomTom licenses from NasTech? And if all that business doeswalk away, at one point does the deal not work for you any more?
Kevin Rauckman: I can’t give a significant amount of detail, but we havemodeled that, various possible outcomes, one of which is the one you suggested . Still feel like under nearly any outcome this is a good deal for us.
David Neiderman -Pacific Crest Securities: Okay great.  And lookingat the margin declines this quarter in marine and outdoor mobile can you maybeprovide a little color, is it just mix, and do you expect a rebound in Q4? Oris it beyond that?
Kevin Rauckman: I think it’s a mix in volume, particularly in the marine business.We have a significant Q2 season, and then we see a small fall off in Q3.Because of the reduced volume in [Berain], we nearly always see a drop off inoperating margin in that period. So, I have to admit this is more product mix,and that aviation was fairly stable as I mentioned.
David Neiderman -Pacific Crest Securities: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of [Marcel Gontos],Bloomberg.
Marcel Gontos -Bloomberg: Good morning. My question is the following. Could youexplain what the strategic rational is? What do you really need to own your mapsupplier? And are you going to buy main component supplies as well?
Kevin Rauckman: I think maps are obviously the key ingredient that makethese devises work. And it’s a unique asset that takes a lot of effort tocreate. And given the changes in the industry, obviously we feel a need at thispoint to emphasize our obligation to lead and provide a vision as well.
Cliff Pemble: As far as purchases of other suppliers, we can’t reallycomment on future activities. It’s unlikely we would go and acquire other majorsuppliers at this point though.
Marcel Gontos: And can you say something about the finance commitments? Whois the bank providing the commitments at this point, and what is the exec’sborrowing need?
Kevin Rauckman: We never made that public other than to say it’s acombination of our own cash, we mentioned the $1 billion that we have in ourown books. And then a combination of term loans, financed through both creditsweeps and Wachovia. So we feel like we have very strong secured financingcommitments in place and ready to move forward on the deal.
Operator: Our next question comes from the lines of Scott Sutherland,with Morgan Securities
Scott Sutherland: Great, thank you, good morning. First, on the turnout ofthis deal. Do you think that this was inevitable over the long term that thedevice manufacturers and the maps would get together, or if it had stayed standalone, would you have ever made this move?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, again, as we mentioned before, we feel up to about 90days ago, the industry was managing under independent suppliers and deviceproviders. Clearly there is a consolidation under way, we want to provide ourleadership to that. But, we feel like it is a strategic asset that is importantto the growth of the category, and the entire industry.
Scott Sutherland: Okay. A follow up to [Brefe’s] question, you said that thisyear you are looking at a 30% decrease in PND or the [automo OFPs]. Is that dueto product mix, and if so, what does it look like for like products orequivalent products. Are you seeing much pricing pressure on the same products?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, same products, as you’re aware, Scott, this market ischanging rapidly, and products are being phased out of transition very quickly.So if you look at a life-to-life product, the price compression or erosion iseven higher than that. So we’re having a combination of both natural priceerosion and product mix moving from high and mid range, down into low end,especially during the holiday season.
Scott Sutherland: Okay, great, thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Your next question comes from Brandon Dobell from WilliamBlair.
Brandon Dobell- William Blair & Company: Thanks. From a strategic perspective, how would theacquisition change your strategic direction or your philosophy around the indash market and also the wireless market relative to your [Driver and Mobil]offering?
Kevin Rauckman: I think that that is one of our strategic rationales forthis acquisition, is that it does allow us to participate more broadly in theautomotive OEM space as well as in the wireless space, as both device providersas well as content providers.
Brandon Dobell- William Blair & Company: We take that to mean that it was in the wireless space inparticular that would make you more likely to become, wouldn’t call a handsetthe right word, but something like that? Is there a way to become an in dashsupplier that you think now is easier because of the transaction?
Kevin Rauckman: I don’t know that it becomes any easier just because of thecontent piece, because it really requires the whole package. But we recognizeit as a way to participate more broadly in those industries.
Brandon Dobell- William Blair & Company: Can you give your current thoughts on the component cost,the near term outlook, and if there is anything in the horizon that mightchange your view as to, let’s call it the next 12 months projectory, as a keycomponent for you?
Kevin Rauckman: I think anyone who sits here and tries to predict 12 monthson a component market is pretty crazy, but in Min’s comment earlier, we feellike we’ve been through a period of time, particularly on the flash, wherewe’ve paid (inaudible) increased cost. From what we hear in the industry, it’slikely we can some additional material cost reductions on that particularcomponent. But we’re not prepared at this point to say if it’s 5, 10% or 20%. Ithink we should see lower cost on the bill of material in general, but that’sabout all we can say at this point.
Brandon Dobell- William Blair & Company: Another quick one for you Kevin, in terms of Q3 or Q4, canyou help us quantify the impact from the distributor acquisition, eitheroperating profits or revenue would be great. Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Unfortunately, we don’t break it down below the segmentlevel. We’ll just say that the contribution of France and Germany, the two thathave closed, have helped us from incremental sales, but if you look at ourSTNA, our advertising, those two lines on the P&L has also added cost tothe total company as well. So I can’t give you any further detail other thanthat.
Brandon Dobell- William Blair & Company: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jairam Nathan, Bancof America Securities.
Jairam Nathan: Hi, thanks, can you talk to us about the competitiveenvironment, especially with the wireless devices having navigation. Are youmore worried about more competition coming within the PND space or outside thePND space.
Kevin Rauckman: I think the current situation in the market definitely,major players have been able to make a name and build a product category.Today, I think that inevitably, there is going to be some shifts in the marketas in dash becomes more affordable, and as handsets become location enabled, andable to run on navigation applications. So we’re well prepared, I think, on allthose fronts by offering devices that can address the OEM market as well as thewireless market. And of course, in light of Tele Atlas, it also allows us toparticipate as a content provider to [Ovarius].
Jairam Nathan: On the European market, given the kind of material, are youseeing any replacement demand on the devices, on the PND’s?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we are still seeing a vast majority of the unitsbeing sold as far as we can tell, as new first time users. As the penetrationrate in the PND category is still quite small. But without a doubt we see thatas we brought prices down, we’ve seen some repeat buyers and replacements andwe expect that replacement cycle to increase as the market matures.
Jairam Nathan: Okay, also if I look at last city price the last city mixhas been extremely good this year. And how are you kind of thinking about that,going forward in ‘08, doesn’t that set you probably not see price declines?
Kevin Rauckman: I’m sorry, what was the question?
Jairam Nathan: We have seen very good price elasticity on the PND side. Howdo you kind of, how do you see that going through in ’08, especiallyconsidering that you wouldn’t see those at 30% price declines?
Kevin Rauckman: I think, without a doubt, it appears that price decline on apercentage base will be lower than the 30% we’ve seen this year, and if you’veseen the price elasticity, the US market, for example going from roughly 3million units last year to maybe 9 or 10 this year. We see continued growth,not at a 3x rate, but still at a rapid rate in 2008. That price has continuedto come down, probably closer to the 20% level.
Jairam Nathan: Are you saying - 20% is the price decline you are talkingabout?
Kevin Rauckman: Year-over-year, yes.
Jairam Nathan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question, line of John Braatz, Kansas City Capital
John Braatz- Kansas CityCapital: Kevin, in the past, you’ve always said that you used thebest maps available, and obviously you’ve been using MapTech maps, and with thepotential acquisition of Tele Atlas, you’ll be migrating towards their maps.I’m not really familiar with Tele Atlas maps, vis-à-vis MapTech, but can youtalk a little bit about sort of the competitive difference in the maps? And, asa consumer, will I see a difference in the mapping that I see on a Garmindevice in the future with a Tele Atlas map, versus a MapTech map?
Kevin Rauckman: I’ll let Cliff answer that, because he’s probably moreappropriate.
CliffPemble: I think, historically, John, Tele Atlas was regarded as astrong leader in Europe, and MapTech wasregarded as the leader here in the North American area. I think in the recentyear or two, that the difference has been narrowed a lot, so that the mapsoffered by the two suppliers are largely similar, or comparable, to each other.So, going forward, I wouldn’t expect you to notice differences in devices thatoffer one map versus the other. Although, looking toward our vision of thefuture, I would expect that we would be able to differentiate the maps thatprovide more value.
John Braatz- Kansas CityCapital: Listen, Cliff, would you envision moving, I assume youwould, but moving all of your mapping from MapTech to Tele Atlas, or are theremarkets or geographical areas where MapTech might just have a little bit ofadvantage?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, again, looking at the primary markets of North Americaand Europe, long term we would move all ourmaps there. I think other markets, as Min pointed out, are kind of fragmentedin terms of how they are served, and we would anticipate using Tele Atlas mapswhere they are available, but sometimes they are not.
John Braatz- Kansas CityCapital: Okay. You do have contractual relationships with MapTech.Would you, assuming this acquisition was completed, would you break these contractsprematurely, or would you let them expire naturally?
Cliff Pemble: We can’t really comment on that, as we mentioned before, ourintention would be to start moving certain products in certain markets over thenext 12 to 24 months.
John Braatz- Kansas CityCapital: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Tsing Tao] withAllcare Capitals
Tsing Tao: Hi guys, congratulations. You spoke a little bit about themargin compression in Q4, and you spoke about what the operating margin affectis. Can you talk a little bit just in terms of gross margin, what you’rethinking?
Kevin Rauckman: I think that if you extrapolate the numbers down to a 28%operating margin, we’re looking, we went from 50% in Q2 to roughly 47% in Q3,and we’re down into the low forties looking into the fourth quarter, throughoutthe fourth quarter. That’s basically implying a mid-thirties gross margin onthe [Otis Mobile] figure.
Tsing Tao: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Justin [Peyole]with Credit Suisse
Justin Peyole: Hi, you mentioned earlier the transition to Tele Atlasproducts in the next 12 to 24 months, and that it would be minimum. Legal costsfor that? Is that assuming that there’s a provision in the contract that willallow you to exit?
Cliff Pemble: Well, again, we have multiple contracts with MapTech, andI’m not prepared to speculate in detail on how those work, but we anticipate anability to transition certain products in certain markets over the next 12-24months.
Justin Peyole: Okay, and what really drew you to Tele Atlas over making acounter bid for MapTech?
Kevin Rauckman: I think, we looked at several strategic alternatives, and weevaluated several outcomes, and we just felt like Tele Atlas, given the centralprice we would be able to offer, the multiples that were available from afinancial perspective, but probably even more so from a strategic perspective,[made a protective garment].
JustinPeyole: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of [Bruce Fickle] withNeedham & Company
Bruce Fickle: 24.50 offer, didn’t make a lot of sense to me, so, you know,the stock was trading 24. So I just want to understand whether that was because24.50 was your best and final offer, or why choose a bid where the market wastrading at independent of the need for then. Or whatever guidance you can giveme?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think first of all, the market wasn’t trading at 24,it was trading down at 15 to 23 in recent days, and secondly, the prior offerdown on the table was 21.25, and we felt like a 15% premium over that number isa very strong offer and a very strong signal to the market that we’reinterested in acquiring the asset.
Bruce Fickle: And I don’t know if it was really addressed, and you don’thave to necessarily address it, but I thought you had the ability to resolveyour mapping needs by not acquiring it, so I don’t know if you felt somethinghad changed, or if in fact, TomTom outbid you, are you ambivalent at some pointto whether you can just address your needs that way, or do you feel like, givenyour product your product selection, you really need to own the mapping productitself?
Cliff Pemble: Again, we’re looking at this from a real strong sense ofstrategy, and going forward, and how do we want to participate and lead in themarket, and we feel like this makes sense in order to play at a broader level,and be able to provide leadership to the industry.
Bruce Fickle: What is one thing it gives you, so being able to have thedata will give you what then? What’s the difference from where you were?
Cliff Pemble: Well, it gives us the ability to provide a vision for thecontent that will differentiate devices using that content, it will drivedevice innovation, and overall, it will be beneficial for the industry.
Bruce Fickle: Okay. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from Yair Reiner with CIBCWorld Market.
Yair Reiner: Yeah, thanks guys, just one follow up on the PND grossmargins. You probably noticed last week that TomTom reported results, and ingeneral your growth margins have moved more or less in line with TomTom’s, butthis quarter they’re almost 600 basis points higher. It seems to me that maybeone reason is maybe some more aggressive pricing on your part in Europe, maybeyou know they’ve moved to lower priced flash; any thoughts on why thedifferential, and how that should actually work in the future?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I think there’s a couple issues there, a coupleanswers. Number one, it is a product mix issue in terms of our selling more tolow-end, and I think TomTom introduced some new products that would becategorized as not low-end, that they were able to benefit from. I think, ifyou look at just a comparison on the geographic mix of products, they wouldlikely have benefited more from the Euro strength, versus the U.S., and wejust recently started to invoice some of our European dealers and distributorswith Euros, not at the same level as our competitors. So I think those are thetwo main differences probably.
Yair Reiner: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jim Duffy withThomas Weisel.
Christian: Hi, this is actually Christian in for Jim. I had a questionon European market share. I’m wondering if you can give us some guidance, ifyou’re on track to hit that 20% target for year-end?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, it appears, just from the independent market researchthat’s been published, that we’re selling at least at 20% market share in Europe right now.
Christian: Okay, that’s great. And then, in terms of, I guess if I canask this the awkward way, what inning are you guys in, in terms of theintegration of your distributors that your repurchased, and where do you seethe most traction so far?
Kevin Rauckman: As I mentioned on an earlier question, I think we’ve seentraction for both the French and the German distributors, and feel like we’remuch further along probably in France,because we acquired in January of this year, and we’re just in month four nowof owning our German distributor, but we’ve made pretty rapid progress withboth.
Christian: All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Andrew Vaughnwith Millennium Partners.]
Andrew Vaughan -Millennium Partners: Hi, given that when Nokia made the merger announcement tobuy Nastech, that they said that they were committed to maintaining commercialrelationships with all the existing customers, what is it about that, that wouldn’tbe palatable going forward? Is it just the development pipeline issue of havingto share that with a competitor, or what is it about that that wouldn’t bepalatable?
Cliff Pemble: I think there’s been a lot written about the variousscenarios and where sensitivities may lie, so I don’t know that we need tocomment any further on those. Again, we’re looking at this strategically nowfrom the desire to serve more broadly in the industry.
Andrew Vaughan -Millennium Partners: Okay, and then I guess just a quick follow up, was there anypossibility of trying to break either deal through the anti-trust reviewprocesses, to try and point out some of the competitive issues that might arisefrom the vertical?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we contributed, or we cooperated with the anti-trustauthorities that were evaluating those other deals, and probably don’t want tocomment on the strength of whether those were going to be successful or not.
Andrew Vaughan -Millennium Partners: Okay, and I guess finally, if you are successful in buyingTele Atlas, are there any commitments that you would make as far as maintainingopen standards, or working with any of the existing customers?
Cliff Pemble: I think we’ve stated really clearly in our materials and allof our communications today that it’s our intent to operate Tele Atlas as anindependent subsidiary, where Garmin engages as a customer, and where TeleAtlas is the voice of all customers of Tele Atlas data. So we anticipate thatthe data will be freely acceptable to any player without any prejudice.
Andrew Vaughan -Millennium Partners: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Edwards of ButlerGroup.
Richard Edwards -Butler Group: Hello, I just want to pick up on that last point you madeabout the non-discriminatory terms to all Tele Atlas customers. I mean, infact, TomTom have said exactly the same thing, Nokia have said exactly the samething about Nastech, if and when, there and that. So what is it about whatthey’ve promised that you think sounds hollow, and would therefore potentiallythreaten you going forward; and then is it fair to conclude then that you wouldbe significantly strategically kind of hampered or impaired if you don’t turnTele Atlas?
Cliff Pemble: Well, you know, everyone involved in these transactions sofar is committed to those open access, which they’ve all made publicstatements, and we have as well. I think again, what we’re focusing on, iswhat’s the rationale of strategy going forward, and again, our mindset isreally to be able to provide leadership to the market, and provide maps thatdifferentiate.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Maha Vatra] withJ.P. Morgan
Maha Vatra: Yes hello, my question is, you had made a comment on thetiming of the deal. You had said that you will make the offer as soon aspractically possible, and before December 4, which is when the tendered offerexpires from TomTom. Any further clarity you can give us on the timing?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think we’ve made introductory connections with theTele Atlas management team this morning, and under Dutch law we’re required tohave meetings with them within the first seven days, and it’s our intentionthat we would come up with a formal offer on or around November 22, I believe,so that’s about three weeks from today.
Maha Vatra: All right, just one more question. It was reported in thepress that you have been buying Garmin shares, you have been buying Tele Atlasshares; is there anything you can tell us about the equity stake that youcurrently have in Tele Atlas?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, we have acquired and built a stake, we’ll also bedisclosing what that amount is, but we will have reached at least a 5%threshold, and we can’t comment any more about what specific our position is,but that disclosure is in process right now.
Maha Vatra: Has that stake building been after your announcement, or hasit been done in the days preceding.
Kevin Rauckman: Prior to announcement.
Maha Vatra: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up from Jeff Rath ofCanaccord Adams.
Jeff Rath: Thanks guys, you’re being generous with your time here. Justa market share question, if you will. As this market, as you’re attempting toestablish better market share in the U.S., I wonder if you could give us somecolor on your expectations for market share in the U.S. for Q4 and the outlook,if you will, at all, in your tradeoff market share for margins, say in 2008.
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think just going into Q4, we’ve seen, been able toretain at least a 50% market share consistently throughout the year, as we gointo again, the high volume Q4, we would expect to be able to hold that type ofposition, and it’s during a period when the U.S market is growing 3X year overyear, so that would be a significant accomplishment if we were able to achievethat going into 2008. I think it’s too premature for us to comment on what ourmarket share will be as we enter or exit 2008.
Jeff Rath: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Tony Reneir] with [inaudible]
Tony Reiner: Thanks guys, firstly congrats on the quarter and thank youfor taking so much time on the call. You kind of stated that given the way theworld has changed in the last several weeks it’s kind of forced our hand alittle bit and I also noted the importance as far as mapping, so maybe a quickcomment on the state of the world, if there’s any other players of how this canpossibly change. You’ve kind of painted it as a two picture game and then kindof forced our hand, so any other options? Guess this doesn’t work?
Cliff Pemble: We’re looking at this from a long-term strategy point ofview and how we can provide leadership to the market. I think clearly we’veevaluated lots of different scenarios and options and I’m not really able tocomment on all of those, but we feel confident to be a leader going forward inthis market.
Tony Reiner: And so are there other people out there, and there’s beencertainly names bantered the last several weeks who might come up for the nextpotential player in mapping technology or mapping locations?
Kevin Rauckman: I don’t think we see any compelling solution at this pointthat’s a strong alternative other than the ones who are already there.
Tony Reiner: So then my apologies if this comes out as it may sound, doyou kind of feel you’re backed into a corner a little bit, or kind of our handis forced?
Kevin Rauckman: Well clearly we’ve said that the industry has gone through alot of transformation in the last 90 days, so our move today reflects some ofthe rapid changes that are going on, but again our clear focus in going forwardis to lead the industry and provide a vision that will drive innovations.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your next question comes from [JayDupree with Dupree Capital].
Jay Dupree: Thanks for taking the call. I have a couple of questions on,other than the timing of the merger, clearly Tele Atlas is trading at a muchhigher price right now than what you bid and so the market suggests you’regoing to have to pay more and there’s going to be a bidding war. I’m confusedhow you can call this leadership when you’re basically the third one in onbuying a mapping company after the table has already been set. Could you pleaseexplain how this exemplifies leadership?
Kevin Rauckman: Well again we made comments earlier that the duopoly thatwas in existence before is one that’s worked reasonably well for the market,but we do recognize opportunities to do better in terms of content, coveragequality, features, all of those things, so we feel like now is the right timeto jump into that and provide that leadership
Jay Dupree: But well how is this not exemplifying leadership whenarguable Comtom exemplifies better leadership y making the bid for Tele Atlasmany months ago at a much lower price, when you could have done that, and youcould have bought MapTech, which is your main map supplier, and you have norelationships with Tele Atlas. I’m just completely confused as an investor whythis is in the best interest of Garmin’s shareholders right, why it’s part ofyour overall business strategy and model; particularly after buying I don’tknow how many distributors in Europe. I’m justat a loss to understand how this is a smart move on your pat. Could you justplease get rid of the canned lines that you’re using about leadership and justwhat made you have to do this now, clearly you’re showing some kind of fear outthere about the change in the space, is it because there’s a movement tonavigation devices using cell phones for navigating devices, is it somethingabout the mapping software that’s making you do this, where you recognize thatyour overall business model and manufacturing PNDs is just not the future.Could you please just elucidate us a little bit, explain this, it’s just veryconfusing.
Kevin Rauckman: I think you can call it fear or you can call it preparingfor the future and for us we’re viewing it as a transition into the future.
Jay Dupree: And that’s the best you can give me? It’s kind of like a daylate and dollar short here, although it’s going to end up being a dollar moreif you continue to, if this turns into a bidding war.
Kevin Rauckman: We think we’ve offered an attractive offer to Tele Atlasshareholders, which recognized the value of the content and we think our offerspeaks for itself.
Jay Dupree: And can I just ask you quick question on pricing for Q4? Iunderstand there’s going to be some aggressive pricing from some of yourcompetitors. Are you planning to meet them head on, for example, if Meyou has a$99 PND are you going to meet them head on? I mean you have built up a lot ofinventory so I’m expecting you’re anticipating some aggressive action.
Kevin Rauckman: We’re built up inventory as is typical of this time of theseason and we’ve already made some pricing announcements and we’ll havedepending on the different products. As we go through the fourth quarter we’llhave some additional price reductions as we enter the black Friday, but as faras to whether we’re going to have a $99 product we can’t really announce thatif we haven’t already made an announcement on specific products so this is tosay prices are coming down in general.
Operator: You have no further questions at this time.
Polly Schwerdt: I think we’d like to go ahead and close the call then andthank you everyone for your participation and do feel free to give us a call ifyou additional questions and we’ll look forward to updating you again with thefourth quarter.
Operator: This concludes today’s Q3 conference call. You may nowdisconnect.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-08-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Polly Schwerdt - Manager, IR   Min Kao - Chairman & CEO   Kevin Rauckman - CFO & Treasurer   Cliff Pemble - VP, Engineering 
Analysts: Bill Benton - William Blair   Jairam Nathan - Banc of America Securities   Dan Binski - Bear Stearns   Yair Reiner - CIBC   Jeff Rath - Canaccord Adams   Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company   Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch   Peter Friedland - Soleil Group   Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley   Felix Oberdorfer - Fortis Bank   J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.   David Needleman - Pacific Crest Securities   Ingrid Ebeling - JMP Securities   Jon Braatz - Kansas City capital   Erb Bookbinder - Analyst   Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Fenia (ph), I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Garmin, Ltd. Second Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session (Operator Instructions).  Thank you, Ms. Schwerdt, you may begin your conference. 
Polly Schwerdt: Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the Internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides, which we can view during this call.  An archive of the webcast will be available until August 29, 2007. A telephone recording will be available for two business days after this call and a transcript of the call will be available on the website within 48 hours at www.garmin.com/stock under the Events Calendar tab.  This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial positions, revenues, earnings, market shares, products introduction, future demand for our products, and our plans and objectives are forward-looking statements.  The forward looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2006 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Attending on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering; and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are Dr. Min Kao, Kevin Rauckman, and Cliff Pemble.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Kao. 
Min Kao: Thank you, Polly. Good morning. From this morning's press release, you can see that we recorded yet another record quarter. Total revenue and EPS again both exceeded our expectations. Revenue for the quarter increased 72% to 742 million. EPS was up 75% or 82% excluding the effect of foreign currency. Unit volume was up 99%. Revenue growth exceeded our expectations in three of our four business segments. Over 2.5 million Garmin products were shipped during the second quarter, raising our total to over 22 million units shipped to-date.  Continuous evidence of the strength of the Garmin brand. Our worldwide employees increased to over 6,400 during the quarter. We added over 1,200 associates including 200 in engineering and over 800 in manufacturing.  Let me give a facility update. We are continuing to experience strong demand for our products. To keep pace with this demand, we continued to expand our facilities. In Taiwan, manufacturing facilities in Shijr and Jhongli are now fully configured with annual capacity of approximately 12 million units. And we have completed the purchase of a third facility to meet our growing demands as well as our R&D and other office space requirements.  We anticipate production to begin there in August. In Europe acquisition of our French and German distributors provide us with additional distribution support in those countries. The recently announced Spanish distributor acquisition will allow us to continue to expand our market space in Europe.  In the U.S., work has begun to expand the warehouse distribution facility at our Kansas headquarters. Additionally, our partners have outlook approximately 200 employees, are moving to a location nearby to allow for further expansion of R&D laboratories and office space in our headquarters here in Kansas.  We are pleased that our company continued to receive much recognition during the quarter. And we continue to expand our patent portfolio. At the end of the second quarter, we have almost 300 patents issued with another 200 pending applications.  For acquisitions, we are continuing to examine potential acquisition opportunities to broaden Garmin's product offerings and enhance our technology opportunities. Recent acquisitions of our distributors in major markets is a part of our strategy to improve brand visibility and market share in Europe.  Some highlights for each of our business segments. For Automotive Mobile segment, revenue increased 99% year-over-year driven by continued strong sales of the nuvi and StreetPilot product lines. Gross margins strengthened to 46% and operating margin improved to 29%. As a result of component cost reductions, improved operating efficiency and favorable product mix.  PND's continue to sell well and we have experienced strong sales growth and have strong orders for products at all price points. According to an independent market research, Garmin has maintained a strong number one position in North America and a strong and improving market position in Europe.  Our expanded ad campaigns continue to enhance our brand awareness in both the U.S. and in Europe. The outlook for the PND market continues to be very strong. Now we expect this segment to grow at least 80% up from our earlier expectation of 50%.  For our Aviation segment, revenue continued to exceed our expectations, up 39% year-over-year in Q2. The strong growth continue to be driven by WAAS upgrades, WAAS product, the new GMS 200, and G1000 cockpit.  Gross and operating margins for the segment both remained relatively stable. During the second quarter, we began shipping our G1000 cockpit to Piper Aircraft, for their Saratoga aircraft, expanding our long-standing and mutual beneficial relationship. In addition, Embraers First Phenom 100 has commenced its initial product testing. So we remained optimistic over the long-term prospect of our Aviation business, and now believe this segment is positioned for revenue growth of 30% in 2007, up from our earlier projection of 20%.  For our Marine segment, revenue increased 59% year-over-year. Our customers responded and very actively to our new suite of marine products. We are also pleased that margins for this segment has returned to their historic ranges as we expected. Interest in our exciting new suite of products remains very strong and we anticipate continuous strong sales way into the third quarter. As such, we continue to expect the marine segment to grow 20% in 2007.  For our Outdoor Fitness segment. You may recall that the revenue for this segment declined 7% year-over-year in the first quarter due to a charge in comparisons because of the significant pipeline fill and a special promotional deal in the first quarter of 2006. Now we are pleased that the revenue for this segment started to increase, it increased 9% year-over-year during the second quarter as we anticipated.  Margins for this segment declined year-over-year as older products were discounted ahead of new product releases, but improved sequentially as new product shipment began. We now expect this segment to grow approximately 10% in 2007 due to the slight delays of our new product introductions.  So for our business outlook, as we look forward, we are optimistic about the remainder of 2007. We feel that our drive for continuous innovation has positioned Garmin to take advantage of the PND market opportunities. Retail channels for newer products continues to be very strong and we anticipate that enhanced product position and targeted advertising and hardly see the promotion activities will drive continued growth through the remainder of 2007.  In respect to the greater than anticipated PND demand and current component supply environment, we are expediting component delivery and expanding manufacturing capacity. While obviously we are pleased with the margin levels we achieved in the first half of 2007, based on the current component pricing environment and the likelihood of strong price compression during the holiday season, we do not anticipate this margins to be sustained through the remainder of 2007.  For our marine segment, as I just stated, we see continuous trends in the demand for our new suite of products, and hence expect to see continuous growth in the third quarter. For our aviation segment, we continue to see strong growth from our existing and new products. Work on various microjet and other simplification also continues for deliveries in 2008 and beyond.  For our outdoor fitness segment, we began delivering the Astro dog-tracking device in July. And this new product has been (indiscernible) by a 100 new traders. New Rino and eTrex products featuring high chipset which will be released in the second quarter, will likely so if sales during the holidays and we also anticipate additional new outdoor and fitness product in the second half of 2007 with new features in technologies that should drive growth in that holiday season and PND out.  In summary, we are pleased with our result and are excited about the future opportunities. At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to cliff Pemble, to provide our product update. 
Clifton Pemble: Thank you, Min. As has been our custom, we'll be going over a few product highlights this morning prior to Kevin taking the call for the update on financials. On our automotive segment, for nearly two years the nuvi product has been the lead, leading the PND market for innovative features, ease of use and compelling form factor.  You might recall that during Q1 we introduced the nuvi 200 product family which is a value oriented navigators and the nuvi 200 has very much taken off in terms of popularity and is doing quite well for us. During Q2 we expanded the value-oriented nuvi 200 familiar by offering a wide screen version of the product.  These new wide screen products include high end features such as a very bright 4.3-inch display and approximately 6 million points of interest, a lot of the products in this category only offer 1.5 million points of interest so we're including higher end features in this lower end category.  We anticipate that the wide screen nuvi family as well as the nuvi 200 family in general will be very popular in the back half of 2007. Turn next to aviation, we're happy to report that Piper Aircraft is delivering airplanes equipped with G1000 integrated cockpit. Also during Q2 Cessna increased deliveries of Mustang VLJ and according to GAMA, the General Aviation Manufacturing Association, Cessna delivered ten Mustang aircrafts during the quarter.  We received positive feedback from Mustang customers on G1000, and this complements the overall high praise Cessna is receiving from customers of the Mustang aircraft in initial quality. There's also good news to report with other VLJ partners, as Min said, last week Embraer conducted the first successful Phenom 100 test flight, and we congratulate our partner Embraer on this accomplishment and we're looking forward to working with them as the certification effort continues.  Recently our partner Quest Aircraft completed certification of the G1000 equipped Kodiak aircraft. As some of you know, this is a small start up company that's been working diligently, and is now one step closer of their dream of providing a aircraft well suited for humanitarian and mission organizations throughout the world.   We're very proud to be part of this effort of Quest.  We recently announced the expansion of our cockpit systems with the introduction of the G300, which is a cockpit display system designed specifically for the light sport aircraft market. The G300 offers strong features and capabilities including our advanced attitude heading reference system, air data computer, and brilliant displays showing attitude, mapping and engine instruments.  We're pleased that the G300 system has been selected by our partner Cessna for its exciting new sky catcher light sport aircraft, which was overwhelmingly embraced by customers during the recent Oshkosh AirVenture Air Show. Cessna announced that it received over 400 orders for this aircraft in the initial three days of the show.  On the retrofit side of the aviation witness we continue to experience strong velocity demand for our products. Through July we performed over 6500 WAAS upgrade for customers of our GNS 430 and 530 product lines. In addition, we delivered a total of nearly 15,000 navigation systems with certified WAAS functionally.  Strong sales of our WAAS product complement the other areas of strength in our aviation business as demand for multifunction displays and transponder products was also strong during Q2. In the outdoor market segment, we introduced new versions of our Rino, the GPS enabled family radio product. The new Rino's include high sensitivity GPS for better performance when operating in dense foliage or other highly shaded environments.  In addition we added a microSD card slot which allows users to expand the utility of their device with detailed maps of lakes, top graphic information, streets, order record detail track logs of places they visited. We added a high sensitivity GPS receiver to our existing legend, Astro and eTrex models which is on a popular request from our customers for quite some time.  In addition, we expanded the eTrex product family with model, the venture HC and Summit HC. These new product include a brilliant color display and high sensitivity GPS receiver that are operated at a value price point. We anticipate that these new products will be very popular as we approach the fall hunting season.  During Q2, we started deliveries of the Astro dog tracking system which is a new product category for Garmin. This exciting new product enables dog owners to keep track of their dog's activities while hunting. In addition to displaying the location and track history of up to 10 dogs, it provides all the great navigation features found in our traditional outdoor GPS products making it a must have piece of equipment for hunters.  Retailers have been anxiously awaiting the arrival of this product and initial feedback on the device has been very positive. That concludes my product update, and at this time I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin who will provide an update on our Q2 financials. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you, Cliff. Good morning, everyone. I'll be presenting our second quarter and year-to-date financial results, including some information on business segment details and then conclude with our updated full-year 2007 outlook. So first looking at our income statement for the second quarter, as Min mentioned, our revenue for the quarter was $743 million, and net income recognized of $214 million. Therefore, the EPS for the quarter was $0.98 per share, much higher than expected.  Our top line revenue growth stands therefore, was 72% with our EPS growth being 75%. We did see an unfavorable $0.02 EPS impact due to foreign currency loss of $6 million during the period. I think one of the highlights of the quarter was the fact that our gross margin came in at 50.5%, which is much better than expected, due to our stronger PND volume in the U.S. and in Europe.  The PND price erosion was offset by material cost reductions, operating efficiencies, and product mix within the period. 32.5% was our operating margin for the quarter, up from 31.1% last year, and again much better than expected. The operating margin improvement was driven by about 50 basis points from our gross margin, actually our advertising spend during the period was flat with the second quarter of '06., on a percentage of sales.  And our other SG&A costs came in about 20 basis points unfavorable from last year. Overall, even though we saw significant growth in our engineering teams, our R&D expenses were 110 basis points favorable with last year.  We did ship over 2.5 million units during the quarter on the strength of our auto and mobile segment, and the average selling prices for the full business during the quarter was $292 per unit, that was 8% below the first quarter of this year.  As I mentioned, we also have to recognize non-GAAP measures, and in this case, we recognize non-GAAP measures on our net income excluding the effects of foreign currency. And as I mentioned earlier, this impact was $0.02 per share favorable during the second quarter of '07.  Looking at our revenue breakdown by segment, we first of all in total experienced triple digit revenue growth across our auto obviously segment, while the unit growth in that segment grew 173%. Revenue within aviation segment grew 39% exceeding our expected growth rate for the full year.  Due to the many new marine product introductions that we've already mentioned on the call today, our marine segment grew 59% during the quarter and our outdoor segment also recovered somewhat as the growth within that segment was 9%. Overall, the revenues during the period were 72% during the second quarter, significantly positive above our earlier full-year target.  Sales of products introduced within the last 12 months contributed to 20% of our second quarter revenue, as we passed the one-year anniversary in the United States of the popular nuvi platform.  Overall on a year-to-date basis, our revenues have grown 64% through the first half of '07. Also, year-to-date, all four business segments have experienced revenue growth with automobile revenues up over 100%, and our aviation segment up 32% over year-to-date 2006.  Analyzing our revenue by geography, during the second quarter North American revenue was up 95% while our European business increased 44% during the quarter. Our Asian sales also grew during the second quarter.  Our Q2 North American unit sales increased 129% on the strength of PND product sales. However, our Europe units also grew over 73%. On a year-to-date basis, North American revenue was up 79%, our European business increased 45% during the quarter and our Asian sales grew 33% during the period.  Again, year-to-date looking at units, our North American unit sales increased 110%, again, on the strength of our PND product sales and our European units also grew over 66% for the first half of 2007. Because of the explosive PND market, the automotive segment represents 68% of our total business  Within the automobile segment, the North American market unit growth was greater than European growth, however, both continents experienced 100% unit growth on a quarter-over-quarter basis. In total, Garmin's North American market growth was stronger than in Europe during the quarter as North America grew to 61% of our total business.  Looking next at our margin analysis by segment, the Q2 aviation gross margin and operating margin remained relatively stable at 64% and 37% respectively. Due to outdoor fitness gross margin increased to 57% during the period, as expected, and due to the higher volume during the second quarter operating margin, increased to 37%.  Our marine gross margin increased to 58% due to new product introductions during the strong marine selling season. The operating margin within the segment increased significantly to 42% due to much higher unit volume and operating efficiencies during the quarter.  The automobile gross margin came in at 46% meeting our expectations. As I just mentioned earlier, the primary reason for the strength of the gross margin in this segment is that price compression and cost reductions virtually offset each other. We also saw some benefit from favorable product mix as the PND units sold in the U.S. were greater than those in Europe. Our operating margin within the automobile segment was 29%, again, higher than expected.  Looking forward, with the exception of our automobile segment, we expect the short-term margins to be relatively stable despite some possibility of quarter-over-quarter variability due to the product mix and timing of new product introductions.  And due to the likelihood of strong PND price compression during the holiday season, we continue to expect that the automobile segment will experience declining operating margin during the remainder and the back half of 2007.  Looking briefly at the operating expenses in our business, our R&D increased over $4 million quarter-over-quarter in dollar terms but was down 110 basis points to 5.1% of sales. We added over 200 to our engineering team during the quarter and now we employ over 1,200 engineers and engineering associates across the business.  Our ad spending increased by 23 million over the year-ago quarter but on a percent of sales, advertising was down 10 basis points at 7.6% of sales. We do expect that our ad spending will decline sequentially during the third quarter as our Q2 TV ad campaign has recently concluded.  Later in the year, our fourth quarter advertising again will pick up and increase significantly over the third quarter as we prepare for the 2007 holiday season. Other SG&A increased 20 basis points to 5.2% of sales from 5.0% a year ago. We continue to expect that our total operating expenses across our business will represent approximately 17% to 18% of sales for the full year 2007.  We did end the quarter on our balance sheet with cash at marketable securities of 1.1 billion. Our accounts receivable increased to 507 million due to strong May and June shipments and accounted for approximately 62 days of sales. We've already collected on the 500 million balance, we've already collected on over 300 million of receivables during the third quarter so far. Our inventory dollars at the end of the second quarter were up 7 million from the first quarter of '07, and our days of inventory metric decreased.  At the end of Q2, we now hold 67 days of inventory, which is down from 75 days at the end of Q1. This is made up of the following components of inventory, 92 million in raw materials, which is 19 days of inventory, 50 million in WIP, which is 12 days, and 170 million in our finished goods inventory this represents 36 days of inventory. We also ended the quarter with $22 million in inventory reserves.  A decrease in finished goods was planned and our Q2 machine for PND and marine products was very strong. We're in the process of replenishing certain finished goods as we prepare for a large holiday season later in the year. Consistent with past history we expect our inventory balances to increase in dollar terms as we exit the third quarter later this year.  Finally, retail channel inventory continues to be lean and sell-through most of our product is stronger in the second quarter. Looking next at cash flow, our cash flow from operations during Q2 was $253 million. We did spend 100 million on CapEx during the period and our flow during Q2 was 154 million.  Cash flow from investing was 75 million use of cash, which is derived from the 100 million CapEx spend offset by 25 million of net redemption of marketable securities during Q2. Cash flow from financing was a $10 million source of cash, which is comprised of proceeds from the options exercise during the period. And overall we earned about 5.0% on all the cash and marketable securities balances during the second quarter.  I'd like to conclude my comments this morning with an update on our full-year 2007 outlook. We do remain optimistic about the future success of our business, and we're increasing our earlier annual outlook for the year. We now expect total revenue to exceed 2.8 billion, a 58% growth rate. Our earlier guidance was 2.5 billion. We now expect earnings per share to have grow at least 34%, up to $3.15 per share.  Our earlier guidance was $2.70 per share. Our operating margins should come in at 27% for the full year across the business. This remains unchanged from our earlier guidance as we continue to expect lower operating margin during the second half of 2007.  CapEx is now expected to be 150 million, up from 140 million earlier, this amount is comprised of approximately 100 million of production equipment and the recent purchase of our third Taiwan factory, about 8 million from our U.K. headquarters build-out and about 42 million of what we describe as maintenance CapEx across our business.  Q2 year-to-date CapEx that we spent so far is 112 million. Our effective tax rate assumptions in the business remain unchanged at approximately 13% effective tax rate. That concludes our comments for this morning, at this point we'd like to open up the call for any questions you might have. Thank you. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Bill Benton. 
Bill Benton - William Blair: Good morning, guys. They added an L. First on the question on the distribution acquisitions that you've made, could you just give us a little color in terms of what kind of impact you expect that to have or I realize you only closed France so far but or at least in the 2K results, in terms of market share, the kind of margins impact you expect there? 
Kevin Rauckman: You mentioned France is the only one that's closed. Through the second quarter we have closed the Germany the first week in July. I think, the strategy, as Min mentioned in his comments, is that we really need to address the overall retail environment in Europe in a much more effective way.  And I think in the early, some of the early returns we've seen, although not all the market share data is out, we appear to have made some improvement in France at this point. Germany, it's too early to tell because we just acquired the business.  But as we go through the remainder of the year we would expect Germany to improve market shares. And we've announced a Spanish deal, the Spain deal, that should occur in the early part of the fourth quarter. So we'll have about a quarter's worth of benefit to be able to gain share. And improve financial returns on those businesses. 
Bill Benton - William Blair: Okay. And where do you think that -- Min discussed that you think your market share improved slightly there in the quarter at least, maybe notably. Could you give us an idea where you think your market share was in the quarter there? In Europe? 
Kevin Rauckman: In Europe in total? 
Bill Benton - William Blair: Yes. 
Kevin Rauckman: Again, the market research data really isn't out. But in general, we feel like we're in the mid to upper teens still. So we've made some progress in some countries and probably have done as well in other countries. So we're seeing some improvement, but closer to the high teens at this point in Europe. 
Bill Benton - William Blair: Okay. And then just a final question, I'll turn it over. Could you update us on your thinking on component costs? I think you were looking for a 15% reduction there, and I think you were looking to exit the year at kind of 35% gross margins on the PND side, if you can offer us a little update on some of those details. 
Kevin Rauckman: I would say overall those assumptions are pretty accurate. The 5% cost reduction is an annual number and we have experienced quite a bit of cost reduction in the first half. We don't see -- we're seeing some pressure on certain components already, and flattening out on some of those cost and in some case even an increasing amount on certain costs. So, we would still, generally say that, 15% is the right number for the year on the cost side.  Then as you mentioned, the margins coming down, you mentioned mid-30s, that's about where we are as we exit the year. In our mobile segment. 
Bill Benton - William Blair: Great, congratulations on a great quarter. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question come from Mr. Ronald Tadross of Banc of America Securities. 
Jairam Nathan - Banc of America Securities: Hi, this is Jairam Nathan for Ron. Following up on the material cost reduction, if you are doing probably much higher than the 15% in the first half, are you kind of expecting the cost reduction to be lower in the second half? 
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, I mean, that was my implication, is that -- by the way, we haven't seen more than 15%, we've seen healthy cost reductions, but we're not going to see the same rate of cost reductions in the back half, according to our forecast. 
Jairam Nathan - Banc of America Securities: Okay. So if you're saying that -- so your cost restrictions -- so you’re setting prior to price reduction, I mean, kind of in that 15 to 20% range, other than, the market I think we have been seeing anywhere from 30 to 40? 
Kevin Rauckman: On which component? I mean, some… 
Jairam Nathan - Banc of America Securities: On the PND's. No, I am saying that, if you’re – I am just trying to, you said that you offset most of your price reductions with cost reductions? 
Kevin Rauckman: Right. 
Jairam Nathan - Banc of America Securities: I'm wondering are your price reductions in that 15 to 20% range? That seems much better than the other players'. 
Kevin Rauckman: If you look at the ASP across the auto mobile segment, it's come down about 25%… 
Min Kao: But it is not, it's how that is part of the… 
Kevin Rauckman: Right. 
Jairam Nathan - Banc of America Securities: 25%, you said? 
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, 25. 
Jairam Nathan - Banc of America Securities: And my other question is on CapEx, and so is the, I know 100 million of the CapEx this year is driven by the capacity expansion in Taiwan. How should we think about it going forward? Is this kind of a bulge and then comes down later? 
Min Kao: I think if you look at our history when we need facility, larger facilities we get a period where we spend more on CapEx and other years we don't. So it is really hard to predict, I think we've invested heavily this year on both the U.K. and our Taiwan factories. I would not expect 150 next year, we would forecast a much lower number, although I'm not going to quantify what that is at this point. 
Jairam Nathan - Banc of America Securities: And my last question's on D&A, it seems to be, it kind of was up first quarter, came down sequentially, can you give us an idea of what should we look at for the year? 
Kevin Rauckman: Are you talking about depreciation and amortization? 
Jairam Nathan - Banc of America Securities: Yeah. 
Kevin Rauckman: I think our forecast -- about a $60 million depreciation and amortization number for the year. 
Jairam Nathan - Banc of America Securities: Okay. All right. Thanks. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dan Binski [ph] of Bear Stearns. 
Dan Binski - Bear Stearns: Thanks. Great quarter. First, can you talk about the unit growth number you mentioned in automotive? I believe it was 173% and compare the versus the March quarter? 
Kevin Rauckman: No, I don't have the number in front of me. I can probably go back and compare that, but it's, I think overall it's pretty, the trends were pretty much the same driven by a strong PND market in North America. 
Dan Binski - Bear Stearns: Okay. 
Kevin Rauckman: It's roughly that same number. 
Dan Binski - Bear Stearns: Okay. When is the C330 going away? 
Kevin Rauckman: We expect the C330 will exit shipments at the end of the year. 
Dan Binski - Bear Stearns: Okay, great. Can you talk about shelf space, prospects for Q4? What are your plans with retailers, how much support are you getting? 
Min Kao: I think we're getting a lot of support from retailers, a lot of them are expanding their shelf space in general and adding offerings by Garmin. 
Dan Binski - Bear Stearns: So is it something where most stores are going to have a nuvi 200, a nuvi 300 and a nuvi 600 or are you getting more support than in a? 
Min Kao: We're getting support across the range of the products. Retailers are generally picking up a low end, midrange and high end products and sometimes more than one in each segment. 
Dan Binski - Bear Stearns: Okay. And then last one for me, can you give us a G1000 unit number? And if not, can you talk about take rates and the Mustang? I know it's a small sample size, but just give us a feel for how take rates are going in general with the G1000? 
Min Kao: Yeah, I can probably address the Mustang issue while Kevin looks for the other data for you. But Mustang is an exclusively Garmin cockpit so take rate is 100%. 
Dan Binski - Bear Stearns: Okay. And then more broadly? 
Min Kao: More broadly, you know, I think if you look at some of the other players, Diamond, for example, for a period, when we first started offering G1000, they did offer more than one solution and we believe the take rate of the Garmin solution at the time was very close to 100%. I think at this point it's fair to say it probably is 100% at a company like Diamond. We're just starting deliveries at piper so it's probably too early to say, but my understanding is that those aircraft are very popular as well. 
Dan Binski - Bear Stearns: Okay. Can you just give us that unit number Kevin did you... 
Kevin Rauckman: We're not prepared to have the Q2 unit, but we can send that to you later in terms of the number of new cockpits shipped during the period. 
Dan Binski - Bear Stearns: Great. Thanks very much. Again, great quarter. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Yair Reiner of CIBC. 
Yair Reiner - CIBC: Good morning. And I'll add my congratulations also. First question on the PND side, can you talk a little about your second half product portfolio, should we expect to go into the second half with same product or are there going to be significant new product introductions in the back half? 
Min Kao: We still believe there will be additional products that will go into the fall resets at major retailers. 
Yair Reiner - CIBC: And should we expect some of the new functionality from some other guys such as voice recognition, and maybe kind of the feedback loops that you've heard your competitor talk about or seen some of the smaller place in the market standard wins? 
Min Kao: Yeah, at this we wouldn't comment on the features of our new products. 
Yair Reiner - CIBC: Okay. On the outdoor and fitness, it sounds like now you're kind of ready to launch a new series of products relatively soon. A quarter ago, you thought that it might not happen until the later half of the year, and maybe even next year. Just kind of a sense of what might have changed in the interim? 
Min Kao: I can't quite recall what we said before. We've been planning this product rollout for summer timeframe in order to address the fall hunting season. And we expect to have additional products available into next year as well, which maybe what you've thinking about. 
Yair Reiner - CIBC: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Rath of Canaccord Adams. 
Jeff Rath - Canaccord Adams: Great quarter guys. A lot of my questions have been asked. I was wondering if you care to comment on the proposed acquisition by TomTom of Tele Atlas, and generally how you think about obviously TomTom's maps or map share program, and the changes that the acquisition might mean as far as product offerings and any color there would be helpful? Thanks. 
Min Kao: Well, at this point we really can't comment on the proposed acquisition of TomTom and Tele Atlas, it's too early to determine what the longer term impact of an acquisition of this nature would be. But obviously we're well aware of it and we're studying what may occur in the marketplace. In terms of the TomTom map share, we really again would not choose to comment on the technology and offerings from one of our competitors. 
Jeff Rath - Canaccord Adams: Thanks very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Evanson of Dougherty & Company. 
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. Kevin, when you talk about 15% component cost reductions, are those simply list price reductions exclusive of volume discounts you might be getting or is that inclusive of volume discounts? 
Kevin Rauckman: That's inclusive, that would be our necessary costs. Inclusive of volume discounts. 
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Okay. Last year your automobile sales were down sequentially from Q2 in Q3. 
Kevin Rauckman: Yes. 
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Do you expect that same type of pattern this year? 
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, actually if you look at the sequential historical trend between Q2 and Q3, we generally across our business have seen about a 5% to 6% decline from Q2 to Q3. and at this point, we don't see anything that would change our outlook on what the Q3 may hold. 
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Okay. The marine sales are obviously very impressive this quarter from a year-over-year growth rate of about 59%. And yet I don't know that we're really seeing that kind of strength in the marine category more broadly. Could you talk about how sell-out in marine might compare with sell-in figures? 
Kevin Rauckman: I think at this point we have every reason to believe, Jeff, that the sell-out is good with our new marine products. We hear constantly from the store level that as soon as some of our new product hit the shelves they walk out as customers are waiting for them. So, we think we have a very popular product line an customers are responding. 
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Great. Congratulations on that. Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks, Jeff. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mr. Ron Epstein of Merrill Lynch. 
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Hey, good morning or good afternoon guys. Just a couple quick questions, one for Cliff. When we look at G1000, how many new platforms are out there that you guys haven't disclosed that are under, you know, can you give us a feel? I know you can't give us a number but I mean… 
Cliff Pemble: We are working with new customers. I probably don't want to comment on the number because that will lead to a lot of other speculation but we do have a pipeline of new customers that haven't been announced as well as new platforms that haven't been announced as well. 
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And is it reasonable to expect that there will be a G2000? Right, I mean, where am I going with this, something that could be used in a higher certification class airplane, like a CJ2 or CJ1? 
Cliff Pemble: Yes, so, the Phenom 300 is actually an aircraft that kind of crosses into that class 4 part 23 and part 25 type of arena. So our product line is evolving to be able to address some of that segment. In terms of what we have call it and in terms of model numbers, I really can't comment but we are constantly innovating the G1000 line and coming out with new features to help our OEMs. 
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Then a strategic question, maybe I don't know this is for Min or Kevin or whoever. When you look at, and maybe it's another way to comment on the TomTom potential acquisition of Atlas when you think about it from a strategic perspective, what strategic implications do you think it has for the industry one? And two, I mean, do you think there will be any anticompetitive issues there? 
Kevin Rauckman: Again, it's relatively recent news over the last seven or eight days. And I guess I'd rather comment on Garmin's position. 
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Sure. 
Kevin Rauckman: We've had a long-standing relationship for example with NAVTEQ, who's our primary map supplier. And we don't, just given the news that occurred last week, we don't expect that's going to change in the foreseeable future.  The other thing that's more important is that Garmin has seen substantial increases in the number of units in the PND market, so we feel like we're a market leader in the navigation space, which gives us some hope that as we look at whomever is going to supply mapping, that we'll be able to acquire maps at market pricing.  So I think, again, from our perspective, not a whole lot has changed. Obviously strategically there's a lot of speculation out there what's going to occur. But we really don't want to comment on it at this point. 
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks, Kevin. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Friedland of the Soleil Group. 
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Hey guys, did you just give your current thoughts on sizing for the PND market, both in U.S. and in Europe for this year? 
Kevin Rauckman: I think the U.S. market is the one, the market that's growing faster as several of us mentioned and we've seen close to 300% unit growth. So I think our best estimate, last year the market size was close to, I think 2.6 million. And that U.S. market could be as high to nine to 10 million units this year.  And from the European market size, I don't think our ideas there have changed much, somewhere between 15 and 16 million would be the market opportunity there. 
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: And as far as your current volume, what was the PND volume, what was the rough split for Q2 versus Europe and the U.S.? 
Kevin Rauckman: You mean the overall total, the total auto number? 
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Yeah. 
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, we're not going to make that number public. We just give total units and not break it down by segment. 
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Okay. And then one other question. What about the non-U.S., non-Europe PND, is that a meaningful number at this point? And when do you think it might be, if it's not? 
Kevin Rauckman: Not meaningful at this point. I mean, our overall Asian and Asia-Pacific business is around 4% of revenue and similar on the unit side. When it's going to be more significant, I think that overall market's going to be growing quite rapidly over the next year or two or three, but hopefully so will the U.S. market at that point. 
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Great. Thank you. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Aaron Husock of Morgan Stanley. 
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thanks for taking my call. Just a follow-up first on the component cost side of things. I mean, the increases we're seeing out there in terms of pricing in the market are relatively substantial with two gig NAN pricing, up more than 200% of you may loose looking at spot pricing?  And kind of constant news about shortages of some small size LCD panels or touch screen materials. And do you think your component costs could actually be up in the second half of '07 compared to the first half of '07? 
Min Kao: For the second half of the year, I think the component pricing is pretty challenging, in fact even the price is challenging. Currently now that we experience price increase of the fresh memory like you just indicated, but also we are head scratching [ph] material to meet our demand. So overall for the second half of the year, we don't expect much of the price component of the cost. 
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Do you still actually expect a reduction kind of comparing the second half to the fir half, not looking year-over-year, just looking half over half? 
Min Kao: We are not down, you know, because of the pricing environment change all the time and we continue to see price reduction of certain components but for the most part I think the increased price of the fresh memory is kind of hard to be compensated by the reduction of other components. 
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Okay, great. And then just can you talk about the impact of the distributor acquisitions on your guidance? I mean, is there any way to quantify what part of the increase in sales guidance for the year and EPS guidance for the year comes from those acquisitions? 
Min Kao: No, they're really -- I mean, if you think about that, there's not a large impact. This is literally the guidance increases are due to the North American market growing more rapidly than we had earlier indicated. And keep in mind, we were selling to these distributors but in a two-tier, two-level distribution molding before us, now we're just going direct. It does not have significant change on the revenue side. 
Aaron Husock - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Min Kao: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Felix Oberdorfer of Fortis. 
Felix Oberdorfer - Fortis Bank: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Can you just once again talk about specifically the reason behind your guidance upgrade to 80% automotive growth from 50% earlier, maybe just specify into your market growth, those changes, and maybe also if there's any change assessments in market share for '07 and either for Europe or for the U.S.? Thank you. 
Min Kao: Yeah, I think it's primarily as I just mentioned, it’s primarily due to the strength of the North American PND market, which is why we're raising guidance. Going into the year we had talked about retaining a 50% market share in the United States and we still feel like that's where we're at, it’s just that the market appears to be growing much faster than earlier thought. And then the European market, we're still in the upper teens is what we think on shares but the market size does not appear to have changed significantly from our earlier expectations. 
Felix Oberdorfer - Fortis Bank: Okay. Thank you, Min. Just one follow-up. You said you expect price compression intensifying in the second half. Is it for own deliberate strategy or you take advantage of price elasticity or is it merely a reaction on what you believe competitors will do? 
Min Kao: This is just what we believe from what we have heard from our retailers. 
Felix Oberdorfer - Fortis Bank: So basically I’ll believe from what competitors will do? 
Min Kao: Yeah. 
Felix Oberdorfer - Fortis Bank: Market dynamic. 
Min Kao: Thank you very much. 
Felix Oberdorfer - Fortis Bank: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from J.B. Groh of D.A. Davidson. 
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Good morning, guys, congratulations on the numbers. Cliff, maybe could you talk about, there's been some new entries into the personal jet market and could you talk about the prospects there what your thinking is, thinking specifically of one large turboprop manufacturer that's recently come out with a jet? 
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, could you maybe highlight who that is? 
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Cirrus. 
Cliff Pemble: Cirrus. Yes. Well, I think come out with a jet gives me a different image than announce a jet. But definitely they're working on programs as there are many others, Eclipse unveiled a new single-engine jet at OshKosh. So we see this activity as being very typical of what's been going on in the last few years. And again, I can't really comment on which specific platforms and which specific customers we're working with. 
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: I think in the past you've given -- you've stated that you have X number in the works but you're just not do that. There is a change in policy, you're not going to do that anymore? 
Cliff Pemble: No, sorry, we can provide that information later, we just need to go back and make sure we have all the models and everything straight. Because some of the manufacturers have very complex modeling schemes. 
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Sure. I understand. And then, you guys have mentioned margin pressure in the second half. I look at what you've done in the first half and the guidance and it seems like traditionally I think you've said you expect a couple hundred basis points in margin compression year-over-year.  Given what you said, it seems like the margins would have to come down a little bit more than that in the PND to make your numbers. Is that a safe assumption? 
Cliff Pemble: At this point we don't have all the data points for what the end of the year's going to be but it's our best estimate that, yeah, to what you just come up, we're expecting a much lower PND margin by the end of the year given the price points that we're selling versus the cost reduction that we're likely to see in the back half of the year. 
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: And has that thinking changed incrementally in the last eight days? 
Cliff Pemble: Probably not. 
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Okay. And then lastly, obviously you got a lot of cash in the balance sheet that is second to none. Can you talk about maybe your strategy with what to do with cash, the dividend, of course has increased but… 
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think our cash balances are second to others. But it is nice to have flexibility. I think our strategy is really haven't changed much. Obviously you saw the announced dividend, increased dividend due to excess cash that we feel we have on the balance sheet so therefore, we're going to pay back to shareholders.  Obviously, we're in an acquisition mode, so acquisitions are clearly part of our strategy, as are expansions of our business as needed. And then finally, we'll be opportunistic with share repurchases, or share buyback of our own stocks. Those are the major uses of cash and that really hasn't changed much. 
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: But it looked like there was no share repurchases in the quarter; correct? 
Cliff Pemble: That's correct. 
J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson & Co.: Hey, thanks for your time, congratulations. 
Operator: Your next question comes from David Needleman of Pacific Crest Securities. 
David Needleman - Pacific Crest Securities: Good morning. Hoping you could talk a little bit about your long-term view on the PND market in regards to just penetration of the overall base of cars and circulation, your competitor has talked about 50%-type numbers. What are your thoughts on that? 
Cliff Pemble: I think we're not going to quote a number but we do feel like the penetration at the current state is quite low. And so there's quite bit of room for continued growth. Primarily in the PND space, we think the technology hasn't hit its maturity yet.  Clearly the U.S. market, as I mentioned several times is growing faster this year than Europe but there are many millions of cars and drivers that have still not adopted the navigation technology. So we feel that that's going to continue for several more years. Whether it hits 50% or 40%, 60%, it's hard for us to be able to back and know what that number is at this point. 
David Needleman - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. And also looking at without talking about future products, but looking at the incremental technologies that people are talking about out there in the market, whether it's Wi-Fi positioning or dead reckoning, do you see that as a big driver following the in connection few years for penetration? 
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, for those specific things you mentioned, David, I would say no, those are kind of incremental features and there's some debate as to whether or not they add the utility that people are looking for. We think it still comes back to core utility, ease of use and great form factors are really driving the market. 
David Needleman - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ingrid Ebeling of JMP Securities. 
Ingrid Ebeling - JMP Securities: Hi. Thank you. Again, congratulations for a great quarter. Just a quick clarification on the gross margins for the PND segment. You did mention that you were expecting 35% by the end of the year, and that's not for the entire year, I assume. 
Kevin Rauckman: That's correct. 
Ingrid Ebeling - JMP Securities: Okay. Yeah. And then, second question, can you talk a little bit about how the indealership PND key up programs, how successful they've been to date? And can you just remind us which dealerships you're in right now both in North America and what you're looking for Europe? 
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I think the overall adoption of the dealer versus at the retail level hasn't changed substantially. We've never quantified how much that is, but it's still a significant majority or the majority of the units that we're selling are primarily the big box retailers, Internet dealers and distributors, and the like.  We've been successful at selling to dealers like Ford and BMW, for example, that's just to name few. There's many more where that came from, but I can't quantify how much of our units come from that dealer network. 
Ingrid Ebeling - JMP Securities: Okay. Great. And in terms of the growth in Europe and the PND market, is it really a function of the retail channels or just overall market demand in general, why it's not keeping up the pace with the U.S.? Is it because it's a little bit more maturing market? 
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I think we have seen, historically we've seen about a 18-month lag from the North American to the European market. So the European market being about an 18-month period ahead. So just looking at overall market size, Europe is a much larger number, so, therefore, because they have a higher penetration rate, we're not seeing as many units grow this year. 
Ingrid Ebeling - JMP Securities: Okay. Great. Thank you and congratulations. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Braatz of Kansas City capital. 
Jon Braatz - Kansas City capital: Good morning guys. Kevin, last year you made acquisitions, Dinah stream being one of them, and the firm up in Minneapolis, I can't recall the name. I suspect they didn't contribute much financially over the last six months, but what are they contributing sort of operationally in terms of their technologies?  What are they bringing to Garmin that maybe you didn't have? And does some of their technology, will some of their technology allow you to expand into markets beyond GPS and navigation? If you could just talk a little bit about those two acquisitions, I'd appreciate. 
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, John, I think to answer your question, definitely the two acquisitions give us the ability to go into areas that we weren't before. For example, DCI, which is the company in Minneapolis, gives us better access to the mobile applications based on wireless carriers and they actually do quite well in their weather-based products, which has synergy obviously with navigation and GPS.  For Dinah stream, they were experts in personal monitoring technology, such as heart rate monitors and speed and distance monitors. Again, these are areas that are necessarily location-based they're really measuring distance, in velocities, in heart rates and things like that which complements our overall fitness line. 
Jon Braatz - Kansas City capital: Would it be safe to say that maybe we will see something in the near term that will take Garmin, outside of the more conventional areas? And Kevin, secondly, am I correctly did not really add much financially to the numbers? 
Kevin Rauckman: Well, yeah, first of all, it's not materially. We're seeing some improvement but it's not enough to move the needle. 
Jon Braatz - Kansas City capital: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Erb Bookbinder (ph) 
Erb Bookbinder - Analyst: Hi guys, Kevin, can you just kind of briefly on the difference in margins, operating and gross margins in the U.S. versus Europe and Asia, particularly for PND? Because you said that mix was a factor in this quarter, shipping more in the United States. Can you give us an idea of the margin differential right now? 
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I think we wont tell, we wont be updating that difference that we've generally seen about a 25% price difference, higher in the North American market than in Europe. And substantial operating margin benefit in the North American market over Europe. Again, lot of irrespective pricing, and also get back to the maturity of the market, and where we are in the overall cycle of the adoption technology. But I can't give you the exact difference. 
Erb Bookbinder - Analyst: Is this difference widen here lately or always had this much of a premium in the United States? 
Kevin Rauckman: The gap has been pretty consistent over the last couple of years. 
Erb Bookbinder - Analyst: Okay. The improvement, is it more of an improvement in the operating margin side than it would show on the gross margin side? Or is it about equal? 
Kevin Rauckman: It's about equal. 
Erb Bookbinder - Analyst: Okay. All right, thank you very much. Keep up the good work. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Noelle Swatland. 
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Hi, congratulations on a great quarter. Just had one or two clarifications if I could. 
Kevin Rauckman: Okay. 
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Kevin, can you give a sense in the PND business, how should we think about the improvement in margin and what really drove the margin improvement sequentially? Say you had 100% basket to allocate amongst a mix favorable product cost, etcetera, just to give us some idea if it was more volume driving it or what it was? 
Kevin Rauckman: I think we've seen, as I mentioned in my comments, we saw prices not come down as fast as we've earlier thought. Even though we did see price compression. For whatever price that we did see, we also saw pretty healthy cost reduction. So if I had to categorize between those two plus product mix, it was much like it's been in the past, its pretty equal across those three categories of impacts to the gross margin. 
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just in terms, I know you talked a little bit about gross margins for the business exiting the year, can you talk a little bit about what the margins tend to do sequentially into the third quarter in PND? 
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think we'll see a trend in the quarter. We were at 50% across our total business, and we're at 46% of the PND or auto mobile segment, you'll see a sliding scale. So the third quarter margins we should see a decrease due to some of the pricing that we have in -- have planned in place, plus the fact that the costs are somewhat challenging. And then another sequential drop in the fourth quarter, that's how we're modeling our business right now. 
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Okay. So we should just stick to something similar to what we saw last year? 
Kevin Rauckman: That's correct. 
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just lastly, just on the market assumptions that you guys outlined, can you give us a sense of where you feel like the first quarter was and now where the second quarter is, just in terms of total units, did that drive you to your full-year numbers? 
Kevin Rauckman: I think I'd rather you rely on the independent market research that's available rather than the reported number to you. 
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Okay. Thanks very much you guys. 
Kevin Rauckman: Okay. Well, everyone, at this point we know that there's more questions out there, but we're beyond our one hour. There are remaining questions, we'd like you to give Polly Schwerdt a call with any kind of follow-up. Thanks everyone for your interest in our call today, we look forward to updating you later in the year. Thank you.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-05-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-02-14 11:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Polly Schwerdt - Manager, Investor Relations   Dr. Min Kao - Chairman & CEO   Kevin Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer   Andrew Etkind - General Counsel & Secretary   Clifton A. Pemble - Vice President of Engineering 
Analysts: John Bucher - BMO Capital Markets   Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers   William Benton - William Blair & Co.   Jeff Evanson – Private Investor   Peter Friedland - Soleil Group   Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams   Brandon Dobell - Credit Suisse   Rich Valera - Needham & Company   Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital   Ben Rodinsky - Bear Stearns   Herb Buchbinder - Wachovia Securities 
Operator: At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Garmin Ltd. fourth quarter and fiscal year 2006 earnings conference call. All lines have been put on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question at this time, simply press "star" and then the number "one" on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press "star" then the number "two" on your telephone keypad.  Thank you Ms. Schwartz, you may begin your conference. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Polly Schwerdt: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd. fourth quarter and fiscal year 2006 earnings call. Please note that a copy of the press release is available at Garmin's investor relations site on the internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the internet. Please note that this broadcast does include slides which you can view during the call and archives of the web-cast will be available until March 9, 2007. A telephone recording will be available for two business days after this call and a transcript will be available on the site within 48 hours at www.garmin.com/stock under the events calendar tab.  This call includes projections and other forward looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and it's business. Any statements regarding our future financial positions, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products, and our plans and objectives are forward looking statements. The forward looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors are contained in our form 10k for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 filed with the securities and exchange commission.  Attending on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer & Treasurer, Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering, and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are Dr. Min Kao, Kevin Rauckman, and Cliff Pemble.  At this time I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Kao. 
Dr. Min Kao: Thank you. Good morning. From the press release you can see that we have finished a very successful year. We recorded our 15th consecutive year of business growth. Total revenue for the year increased 33% to just under $1.8 billion. EPS was up over 54% or 72% excluding the effect foreign currency. EBIT value was up 80% , operating margin only declined 160 basis points, besides the significant shift of product mix from the low-margin T&D which accounts for 62% of our total sales for the year.  So we are very pleased with all of these numbers. Over $5 million in product was shipped in 2006. Bringing our total to 19 million units shipped a day. We delivered over 70 new products into 2006 across the whole market segment.  Our worldwide employees increased to 4750. We added 1700 associates in 2006, including 250 in engineering, 950 in manufacturing mostly for the new factory, and 175 in marketing including customer support for our second call center to handle the increased call volume.  2006 was a year of expansion. We purchased our factory in Taiwan, bringing Garmin's total capacity to 11 or 12 million units including equipment and staff. In Europe we are on track to occupy our new headquarters in April and as a follow up in spending we opened our Chicago retail store before the holiday season, to showcase Garmin's products and technologies.  So we are pleased that Garmin was recently named by Forbe's Magazine as "America's Best Managed Company in the Field of Technologies, Hardware and Equipment," and one of the "400 Best Big Companies in America."  We continued to expand our present portfolio with 308 issued and 207 pending applications. Garmin was selected of the (inaudible) of the Ocean Zumo 300 Index. This all patented with four year warranty.  We made three acquisitions in the past few months. Innovations which is a leader in personal marine technology. Especially in the field of (inaudible) and heart rate monitors and GPS products.  It is also a leader in auto power low cost wireless connectivity solutions which will be used in many of our future products. The addition is a strategy to strengthen and expand our GPS market.  This cycle is a leader in services for handset applications. This acquisition is a part of our strategy to expand Garmin's handset applications and GPS products.  And E&E, Garmin's former competitor which has now been renamed Garmin and Friends. This acquisition is a part of our strategy to strengthen our marketability. We are excited about these acquisitions and are now working hard to realize their potentials.  Two achievements for the automotive and mobile segments increased 170% year over year, driven by the strong sales and release of new product lines. Gross margin remained unchanged at 44%. Operating margin actually increased 100 basis points, which we are very pleased. Additional automotive deals and additional promotional sales continue to increase customer exposure to Garmin's brands and pending products.  According to independent market research, Garmin has maintained the number one position in North America. Growing and expanding to the number two position in Europe.  The outlook for the P&D market continues to be very positive and we are projecting a revenue growth of 50% for 2007.  Road info and the auto segment increased 20% year over year driven by the expanded GPS product lines.  Gross and operating margins improved 460 and 530 basis points respectively. We believe Garmin has established itself as the leader in GPS and navigational devices in both running and cycling markets, which were continuing to reach our future goals. We are anticipating a 20% revenue growth for the segment in 2007.  Moving forward, the marine segment increased 5% year over year. Gross and operating margins also improved 470 and 250 basis points respectively. Significant investment was made in R&D in this segment in 2006. So we anticipate a revolutionary release of new product in 2007 to grow 20%.  And finally, the (inaudible) segment. Revenue for this segment was only up 2% for year over year. Growth and operation margins also declined 150 and 100 basis points respectively. Due to delays in certain OEM programs and new product productions. The good news is that the GPS200 began shipping in late 2006. We anticipate new products and other new certifications will drive a 20% growth in 2007.  We're continuing to be very optimistic about our long term prospect of our aviation beacons.  Now for some operational highlights: Channel (inaudible) reading Q4 were very strong and better imaging will be created within another quarter. With our added production capacity and improved planning, we did not experience any significant components of profit shortages in Q4. (inaudible) and physical imageries increased both in days and dollars by quarter end of this segment. We continued to expand our marketing and shareholder structure, including the addition of our new European purchase of our French distributor. And we are prestocked...we are able to offset the PND project completion by material cross-reduction. Most significantly, the fresh memory and LCD displays, environment efficiency and also improved framing.  As we look forward, we are optimistic of our future. Double-digit revenue growth is anticipated across all business in 2007. A total P/E unit in 2007 disposes the trouble in North American markets, and increased city percentage in Europe. We saw a strong return on our portfolio in any spending on marketing and advertising.  We feel that we are positioned to check out the bodies of this golden opportunity.  In 2007 we expect to invest approximately $150 million in advertising to promote our product in the Garmin brand.  So we continue to increase our focus on sales and marketing. We will advertise effectively to increase our use of the Garmin brand and maintain our growth rate through the year. We will focus all the new opportunities to distribute the products to both consumers and aviation technologies. We continue to pursue improving the product position and global offers in new and existing channels. And we are committed to pricing our product appropriately to both honor Garmin’s superior quality and compete effectively.  Finally, we pride ourselves on the marketing campaign. We will continue to invest heavily in R&D to take advantage of opportunities in new and existing markets.  We anticipate and expect over 250 new associates and invested in assets of $140 million dollars in R&D this year. The strong line-up of our products is planned to be released throughout the year.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to Clift Pemble . He will present a prompt update. Then to Kevin Rauckman with his results in fiscal year 2007. Thank you. 
Clifton A. Pemble: Thank you, Min. 2006 was an exciting and record-breaking year for our new product introductions. Today I’ll be highlighting some of our recent achievements and I’ll also provide some comments on 2007 activities.  We introduced several new products at this year’s DEF show in Las Vegas. Most notably was the NUVI680, which was the latest in our premium T&D line-up and is the first product on the market to feature services provided by MSN broadband. This product receives real-time content relevant to the driver, such as traffic incidents, with flow information, gas prices, and current weather conditions for cities around the country.  We also added an element of fun and spontaneity by including movie listings and show-times with locations. Finding dinner and a show has never been easier now that the NUVI680 is on the market. And the 680 comes out of the box with one year of these services included at no additional charge to the user.  After one year, the service can be renewed for as little as $49.95 per year or $129.95 for a lifetime subscription. The NUVI680 offers more content and much lower cost of ownership than any other connected navigator which is currently available or announced. And we are excited to say that it’s now shipping worldwide and will be out on the shelves shortly.  We also introduced the NUVI370 and 670, which offers built-in street maps for both the US and Western Europe. These products featured integrated traffic receivers which are able to take advantage of three traffic services, widely available across Western Europe. And the NUVI670 is the first T&D on the market to include a built-in FM transmitter, which is now legal in many Western European countries.  We also expanded our motorcycle product line with the ZUMO450, which is a value-oriented product, offering full-coverage mask without the Bluetooth function.  For our wireless solutions, Garmin offers a strong lineup of solutions and innovations in our product portfolio. We offer applications featuring onboard maps, stored locally on the device, and we offer maps in turn-by-turn functionality generated from a Garmin server.  Our Garmin Mobile XT onboard application offers compatibility with over 260 mobile handsets, running Windows, Palm, and Symbian Operating Systems. Garmin Mobile XT is the first Turn by Turn application to offer rich real-time content services at no additional charge to the user, including traffic services, fuel prices, weather conditions and nearby hotel values, through Hotel.Com.  Our Garmin Mobile application continues to lead our competitors in Turn by Turn functionality and rich real time content such as traffic and fuel prices. With the addition of our new DTI division, Garmin now offers a broad range of subscription-based LDS applications, for a wide variety of target user groups. And Garmin has been a leader in incorporating other wireless technologies into our products, such as Bluetooth hands-free calling, RDS-TMC Traffic Receivers, MSN Direct technology and FM transmitters for broadcasting MP3 content in Turn by Turn direction.  Looking at our overall T&D product portfolio, Garmin continues to lead other providers in breadth and depth of product offerings, providing a solution for nearly every customer at every price point, which is a business model that has served us well.  Moving next to accomplishments in aviation, we received certification approval for our TNF 430 and 530 products with a watch receiver. Shipments commenced in December 2006, and we have seen strong demands for these products both from new customers as well as existing customers who signed up for our traffic watch upgrade program.   I’ll provide more on that later.  In our LEM business, we are pleased to support business in the certification of the Mustang Life jet, which is the first Life jet to reach the market with a fully integrated cockpit system. Cessna began delivering the Mustang at the end of 2006 and we’ll be wrapping up deliveries during the early part of 2007.  As I mentioned earlier, response to our watch upgrade program has been overwhelming with over 15,000 units scheduled for upgrades. I’m pleased to report that the upgrade process has begun. In customer purchasing, new GNF 430W or 530W units, provide an opportunity to create pull-through sales for our other panel-mounted equipment. GMS 200 multifunction display is an attractive companion to the GMS 430 and 530 family, featuring a fantastic new color display, jettison shards, and interfaces to most popular radar systems available on the market.  With these new product offerings, we hope to expand our base to over 70,000 430 and 530 products already serving in the field. Finally, during 2007 we’ll be working hard developing the new G600 retrofit integrated cockpit system. The G600 has been receiving a great deal of favorable press for its innovation, great features, and industry-leading low price. We believe this system will be a game-changer for the general aviation retrofit market.  Turning next to our integrated cockpit development, we anticipate expanding the reach of our G1000 Integrated Cockpit System this year by adding three new OEM partners and four new aircraft platforms. In addition, we anticipate launching the G900 Integrated Cockpit System for experimental aircraft as well as the retrofit G1000 for King Air C90 Beechcraft platforms.  Finally, we’ll continue to support our existing customers, such as Cessna, Honda, Diamond, and Mooney, as they develop themselves some of the most innovative aircraft available on the market today.  Turning next to the marine segment, we’ve been working hard to complete the entire line of next generation chart-plotters and fish finders, introduced at the 2006 Met show in Amsterdam. These new products offer a number of innovations in easy-to-use cartography and graphics capability. We’ve included a new base map, which offers satellite imagery overlays and our new G2 vision data cards provide 3D mapping to use and detailed satellite imagery, depicted from both above and below the waterline.   Our exclusive marine auto-rooting functions provide mariners with a suggested path that will conform to depth and obstacle-avoidance criteria established by the user. All of this is complemented by a totally-new, simplified user interface and eye-catching industrial design. We are pleased at the positive response we have received so far and look forward to starting deliveries in the early March timeframe.  Just yesterday we introduced yet another member of our marine network system, the GPS Map 5000 Series. This product offers even simpler operation, using only an integrated touch screen and leveraging the industry-leading UI philosophy found in our products.  Offered in both 8 inch and 12 inch models we anticipate this product will be available in early spring. Over the years we've been working hard to expand our presence in the marine market, and part of that strategy is to offer a full line of marine radar solutions. Our new GMR18 targets value oriented customers who are looking for an entry level price display but don't wish to sacrifice performance.  The GMR18 offers twice the power of competitive 18 inch radars, but is priced at under $1000. We also offer higher radars in the 24 inch film configuration as well as the four foot and six foot open array configuration. Each radar offers industry leading beam width for better charter resolution and clarity. All of our radars feature built in display processing and modern Ethernet connection to a marine network system for easy installation reliable operation.  We believe our marine product line up is very strong and we anticipate that this will drive growth in this segment during 2007. Finally, we've expanded the application of GPS by introducing the new Astro-dog tracking system. The Astro is the first dog tracking system to offer map page tracking function using a collar and a receiver, and a wireless transmitter attached to the dog.  Hundreds can simultaneously track up to ten dogs, at distances up to five miles. It features a high sensitivity GPS receiver for operation and enhanced foliage, and we've included additional sensors which alert the owner to if the dog is off point with meaningful being or is just taking a break. We've received a remarkable number of positive comments on the Astro and look forward to delivering in time for the fall hunting season.  That concludes my product update, Kevin will now present highlights from our fourth quarter of 2006 financial results. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you Clift, we've seen from the financial results this morning that we begin to set new records due to the overall strength of our company and the growing garment brands.  During my part of the presentation I'll be walking each of you through the key core results, a quick summary of our full year results, mention the balance sheet and cash book statements, and that includes detailed explanations on the full year 2007 expectations.  So looking first at the key, core income state of our revenue gain was $611 million, net income was $180 million, our EPS was reported at $0.82 per share that represents a 91% top line growth and a 105% EPS growth for the quarter. The results did include a 5/10 EPS impact due to foreign currency laws of $10 million during the fourth quarter of '06.  So we also mentioned in our press release that we saw favorable $0.07 EPS impact due to the credit that we achieved by reaching higher unit volume during Q4. So, gross margin came in better than expected due to price erosion offset by the material cost reductions, volume efficiencies in our factory, and product mix.  Overall our operating margin was 32.5% of sales, which is up from 30.8% last year, and better than expected. Its improvement in operating margin was driven by 110 basis point unfavorable gross margin, 200 basis point favorable advertising expenses, and 30 basis points time favorable other STNA, and 120 basis point favorable R&D expenses.  Berman also invested nearly $40 million of advertising during the fourth quarter holiday season, which was $16 million more than during the third quarter of '06. As you recall, they typically invest heavily in TV advertising both during the June and the December quarters, and we expect that to continue in the future.  We also shipped nearly 2 million units during the fourth quarter, and our average selling price during the fourth quarter was $306 per unit, which is 8% below the third quarter, and 1% below the fourth quarter of 2005. We're required to mention the fact that there are certain non-GAAP measures that we reported which include net income, excluding affected foreign currency. This impact was $0.05 per share, favorable to us during the fourth quarter, but had no impact for the full year of 2006.  Looking at the segment revenue we experienced several digit revenue growth in our outdoor fitness segment and triple digit revenue growth across the automobile segment. Our automobile revenue grew nearly 2.75 times the fourth quarter of '05. On the strengths of our movie and sea story products, and our total PND unit volume tripled year over year during the fourth quarter.  Within the automobile segment, our year to day growth is 170%, and we expect a strong 2007 as we either retain or grow our market share in this segment. The outdoor business segment continues to meet expectations and the revenue for the year was up 20%.  Our marine and aviation segment grew 5%, and 2% year to day respectively, and overall our total year revenue improved 73% during the fiscal 2006.  In the past we've measured the effects of the sales of new products that were introduced during the last 12 months, and during the fourth quarter that number was 55% of our total fourth quarter revenue. Because of the short PNV market, our automobile segment now represents 73% of our total business, growing from 50% of the total business a year ago compared to the fourth quarter of '05.  Within the automobile segment, the North American market unit growth was very similar to the European growth, and sales in both of these continents experienced 100% unit growth sequentially from the third quarter of '06. In Europe and North America, market growths were nearly equal with North America representing 64% of our total revenue, and Europe 32% for total revenue.  During the fourth quarter North America revenue was up 86%. All our European business increased 109% during the quarter. Our Asian sales also grew 59% during the period. All three of our geographic regions grew 65% on a year to day basis. We exceeded our earlier expectations for 2006 by nearly $100 million, and we recognized $1.77 billion in revenue for 2006.  Looking next at our margin by segments, the fourth quarter aviation growth margin increased from 64% in the third quarter to 67% as expected, and our aviation operating margin increased from 32% to 38%, due to an increase in revenue during the period.  Our fourth quarter outdoor fitness growth margin remained at 56% during that period, and our operating margin results were stable at 40%. Fourth quarter marine growth margin remained 53% during the period. However the operating margin within that segment declined form 34% to 27% due to the sequential decline in revenue from the third quarter.  Q4 automobile gross margin increased from 42% to 46%, leading our own expectation. Favorable products mix, significant material tax reduction and volume efficiency helped increase this margin. The $0.07 impact that I mentioned earlier on EPS was primarily within this auto segment.  Operating margin actually increased 600 basis points for the automobile segment up to 31% in revenue growth which outplays our operating expense growth. With the exception of our automobile segment we expect short term margins to be relatively stable, despite possibility in quarter to quarter variability due to both product mix and the timing of our new product introduction during 2007.  We do continue to expect that our automobile segment will experience decline in operating margins, due to reduced pricing and a continued transition towards mass market level. And those expectations and assumptions are built into our overall 2007 guide that I'll go over here in a few minutes.  On the operating expense side, our R&D increased over $11 million year over year in dollar terms, but was down 120 basis points to 5.1% of sales. As Min mention, we added over 215 to our engineering team during 2006, and we now employ 970 engineers and engineering associates.  Our ad spending increased by $12.6 million over the year ago quarter, however on a percentage of sales advertising decreased to 6.5%. Our other STN airline increased 30 base points to 5.7% sales, or 5.4% a year ago. We continue to expect our operating expenses will come in at approximately 17% of sales for the full year of 2007.  I'd like to spend a little bit of time on full year results full year income statements.  First, as I mentioned, revenue was $1.77 billion, net income of $514 million, and earnings per share are $2.35. This represents a 73% top line growth, 64% EPS growth. When you strip out the FX gain of $15 million we recognized in '05, earnings per share actually grew 72% for the full year.  Our gross margin was 49.7% full year, which was representing a 240 basis point decline for 2005 becoming a much greater component of our business during full year. We do expect this trend to continue during 2007.  Overall for the year we had a 31.3% operating margin which is down 160 basis points from ’05. However, it is better than we earlier expected in our guidance. We did ship over 5.4 million units during the year, and our average selling price across the entire business for 2006 was $326 per unit which is a 4% decline from 2005.  For the full year 2006, because of the triple digit growth within our auto/mobile segment that segment has now grown to become 62% of our total business. The outdoor fitness, aviation, and marine segments now make up 16%, 13% and 9% of our total business respectively. While all geographic regions grew more than 65% during the year, Europe was the fastest growing at 88% and became one third of our total business for the full year 2006.  Moving next to the balance sheet, after Garmin paid a $108 million dividend in December we ended the year with cash and marketable securities balance of nearly $820 million. Our accounts receivable increased during the period grew to $403 million due to strong November and December shipments and accounted for approximately 60 days of sales. However we have already collected on over $275 million of the $400 million of receivables during year to date 2007.  Our inventory dollars were down $62 million from third quarter ’06 and our days of inventory metric decreased. At the end of 2006 we now hold 79 days of inventory which is significantly down from the 117 days we reported last quarter. The 79 days are made up of $85 million in raw materials, which are 23 days, $42 million in Wip, which is 12 days of inventory and $161 million in finished goods inventory which is 44 days of inventory. We also held $17 million in our inventory reserves at the end of the year.  The decrease of finished goods was planned as we responded to our increased customer demand during the seasonally strong fourth quarter holiday. And as Min mentioned as well, retail channel inventory appears to be very lean as the sell through on most of our products was very strong during the fourth quarter.  On cash flow, we recognized cash flow from operations of $113 million during the quarter and $362 million for the full year. CapEx was $47 million during Q4 and $93 million for the full year. Our free cash flow during the fourth quarter came in at $65 million or $269 million for 2006. Cash flow from investing was a $28 million use of cash during Q4. Cash flow from financing was $100 million use of cash during Q4 made up primarily of our $108 million dividend. And overall on the cash balances, cash and marketable securities, we earned nearly 5% income during the fourth quarter.  I’m sure you all saw that we had a much lower effective tax rate during the period which was 9.6% or 13.5% for the full year. Incremental revenue and net income during fourth quarter and the tax incentives related to our latest Taiwan facility and production line expansion were the primary drivers of the lower tax rate. Because of the lower tax rate in the fourth quarter and full year we now expect that our effective tax rate during 2007 will actually be 15% which is below our earlier expectations.  Garmin doubled our dividend during 2006 and paid out $108 million as I already mentioned. We still have $1.8 million shares remaining within our share repurchase plan. We continue to grant stock appreciation rights broadly to our employees and completed the second branch during December 2006. Our annual star brand accounts for approximately 1% of outstanding share count.  And as we mentioned in the past, compensation expense relate to the (inaudible) 123R accounted for $12 million or roughly $0.05 per share during the full year 2006.  And finally I’d like to end on talking about the full year 2007 guidance. We do remain very optimistic about the future success of our business and we’re prepared to provide the following guidance: Our revenues for 2007 we expect to exceed $2.5 billion, a 41% growth. We expect EPS to grow at least 15% up to $2.70 per share. Operating margins should come in at 27%, a 430 basis points decline due to lower auto/mobile margins during the year and a greater mix of revenue from the auto/mobile segment.  We expect to spend $65 million of CapEx during 2007 which is comprised of $25 million of production equipment, $8 million to complete the U.K headquarters build out and approximately $32 million of maintenance CapEx across our business.  We anticipate a 50% revenue growth from our auto/mobile segment, 20% revenue growth from each of the remaining business segments. And we’re assuming that we have a stable post split outstanding share count of approximately 219 million shares.  Looking at the operating margins within our segment, as we’ve communicated in the past we expect that the auto/mobile margins during 2007 will come down significantly. However the Outdoor Fitness, Marine and Aviation segments will remain relatively flat year over year.  So in summary, Garmin feels that we have a strong business model which remains intact. We’re looking to solid growth in all of our business segments in 2007. We have an efficient and improving supply chain, efficient and flexible manufacturing capabilities, strong balance sheet, continue to invest in R&D, we’re going to continue to invest into advertising and our own Garmin brand, and continue to innovate ahead of competition. We look forward to another good year in 2007. At this point I’d like to open up the call to any questions you might have. 
Polly Schwerdt: Operator, we’ll go ahead and take questions now. 
Operator: If you would like to ask a question, please press * then the number 1 on your telephone keypads. Again, that’s * and the number 1 for questions. Your first question is from the line of John Bucher. 
John Bucher - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. John Bucher with BMO. Well I see you guys squeaked by again on another quarter. I guess the question is, first surrounding the original expectations that you had on the fourth quarter on the auto/mobile segment. You indicated before that you came in far better than you thought in terms of profit margins there and I think you alluded to billed materials, savings and a number of other factors there and as you look to 2007, you’re still very up front in saying, at least as equally up front as you were earlier this year and at your analyst day that you’re going to see declining operating margins due to mix and transition to mass market levels and you just finished the call off by saying that you expect auto/mobile margins to come down significantly.  I guess I’m wondering, are you being overly conservative there? Could some of the same efficiency gains as volumes ramp materialize in 2007, and what are you assuming in terms of billed materials decline in your 430 basis point decline that you mentioned here and 27% operating margins? Thank you. 
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think as far as the Q4 results, we saw, like you said, as you said improvement due to volume but we did get additional crevices due to just kind of hitting the next step function on volume so across the board that’s why we pulled that out separately because we didn’t want everyone to think that this was a go-forward business model.  At the beginning of the year do we know what our margins are going to be at fourth quarter 2007? No. We have an outlook but business conditions change quite a bit during the year so we typically come in conservatively at the beginning of the year where we lay out our expectations for the full year.  We do fully expect that the pricing erosion that we’re going to be seeing in the market will outpace any billed materials saving during the full year 2007 which is why we’re expecting overall operating margins to come down into the 27% range. 
John Bucher - BMO Capital Markets: OK, and then I guess I’ll just ask a question on acquisitions. Even with the significant CapEx investment that you made during the quarter you still got greater than $800 million in cash, in cash equivalents. As you look to deploy the cash strategically should we expect more acquisitions, like the Digital Cyclone acquisition which, it would appear, is somewhat unique in that it moves you into the georeference content and application space and can you just expand on the general level of activity that you currently have now as you have on the past with respect to the diligence you're performing on potential deals? Thank you. 
Kevin Rauckman: I think for the year and early to those for the year for activities. And we're always evaluating opportunities, so that's the nice thing about, I guess our financial strength now is that it gives us quite a bit of flexibility, and if we run into a company that we feel we can integrate into and can help us significantly on a technology side we'll go after it. So I can't really comment on a specific deal, but we're always evaluating other opportunities. You know the fact that we spend nearly $100 million in cash on our acquisitions here just recently…I think we'll continue to evaluate other companies, but I wouldn't expect that the level of activity will continue. To do three more would be quite a bit to handle here in the near time. 
John Bucher - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you very much. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you John. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Noelle Swatland with Lehman Brothers. 
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Hi guys. Just a question here, first a clarification, then a question.  First, you have mentioned that the $0.07 favorable impact was largely in the automotive segment. Can you just kind of give us a sense of what’s in that impact on the improvement quarter over quarter?  And then my question is, just thinking about a starting point for the year, you had mentioned that inventories were very clear and clean going into the first quarter, so that I would assume I would imagine, normal seasonality on the first quarter? Could you comment on that for the overall company? Thanks. 
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah. Let me take that question. I think if you exclude the $0.07 impact, the actual automobile segment would have been pretty close to what we recognize all year, which was about a 42% gross margin, so actually we'd still have a baseline number we would experience, and going forward, volume continue to pick up, it's more likely to see the kind of those credits and rebate across the entire bill of material throughout the year of 2007.  As far as the Q1 expectation, I want to be very clear, we do not expect Q1 recon giving Q1 guides, but we don't expect Q1 to be up over Q4 like it was last year, we think that by giving the timing of the new product that we had in Q4, and a strong holiday season, we should see a decline from Q4 of '06, to Q1 of '07. So I want to make sure everyone has the right expectation there as we go into 2007. 
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Is there a range Kevin, historically, that you could just plan us to? 
Kevin Rauckman: Again, I can't…typically looking at our history other than last year. It's normally in the 15% range, maybe 20% range, something like that. And that's the level of decline from Q4 to Q1. 
Polly Schwerdt: Year over year reference will be in the index. Year over year. 
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers:  Ok, thanks. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you. 
Operator: The next person is from the line of Bill Benton with William Blair. 
William Benton - William Blair & Co.: Good morning and congratulations on the quarter. I'm keeping throughout this credit, because obviously it's real and continuing here, but it's 340 basis points looks like on the fourth quarter numbers. Is this a tribute goal to primarily…is that all billable material here or are we really talking about mass and certain classes of material? 
Kevin Rauckman: I would probably equate it to broadly and very similar to what we have had occur on our business with our customers. When our customers hit another level of volume, we sometimes can give better discounts on price. I think it's very similar to what we saw but if not, that's just one level across the board. 
William Benton - William Blair & Co.: Ok. And presumably I guess your comment on queen inventory channels as consistent with what you have shipped earlier in the quarter year, and was your standard in the quarter in terms of shipments. Is that a fair statement? 
Kevin Rauckman: That's' a fair statement. 
William Benton - William Blair & Co.: OK, and you talk about a double in US shipments this year and in automotive sites at 60% in Europe, and you’re targeting 50% revenue growth. I'm wondering if you could give us a little bit more color in terms of your market share expectations imbedded within your guidance versus ASP erosion... can you give us a little more color there? Whether you expect to obviously gain more market share in Europe, maybe lose more in North America? 
Kevin Rauckman: I can give you a little bit more color.  I think for the North American market, would be to retain or achieve at least a 50% market share as we go forward. The European market is pretty difficult to tell exactly what our market share is. We don't believe we hit 20%.  We think we're still 120% in Europe, so our part functions imbedded in our guidance are to get above that 20% level, is going even… as far as price erosion, I think, we've seen prices come down quite a bit on our like per like product, I still expect 25 – 30% price erosion on the current products we have that we're shipping to the market. 
William Benton - William Blair & Co.: Ok. Great quarter. Congrats again. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks. 
Operator: Ok, the next question is from the line of Jeff Evanson. 
Jeff Evanson – Private Investor: Thanks for taking my questions. Congratulations on the quarter. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks Jeff. 
Jeff Evanson – Private Investor: Kevin, can you talk a little about how you going to market strategy is going to change in the European union, and how we might see that impact some of the financial metrics next year? 
Kevin Rauckman: I think in one sense the garment or the EMES we think is going to help us in the market, but in general I think we would need to be much more aggressive and going after the retail channel either directly and indirectly. We've made a lot of changes in 2006 that we feel are already starting to have an impact with our organizational changes.  Working more closely with our dealer and distributors in those markets and being aggressive on price, we're ready to be able to push the garment products through the retail channel. So again, we've made some recent changes in the last couple of months, and we think they're starting to have effect and hopefully they'll have a very positive for the fiscal year. 
Jeff Evanson – Private Investor: Was distribution cost basically loading up about 10% in Europe? So that's what you see now there? 
Kevin Rauckman: That's just one market though. The European market is quite fragmented. There are definitely some savings, but it's not across the board. 
Jeff Evanson – Private Investor: Sure, I understand that. Ok. And then you said that the operating margin guidance was down 430 bits for '07. What do you expect gross margins to be down in '07? 
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I mentioned that we'd have approximately 17% operating expenses, so if you back into what we think are full year gross margin we'll end up somewhere around 44%, which is lower than low for what 2006 was, but again, we're expecting pretty solid revenue growth too. 
Jeff Evanson – Private Investor: Yup. Sure. Ok. Thank you much. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Peter Friedland with Soleil Group. 
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Hi. I got a few questions. First, can you give some additional color on mix within the PND segment for the quarter? You know, new V600, 300, new series, etc? 
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think in general the movie and the Tseries were pretty even on unit shipments. Across the total company I think in Europe it was more skewed towards movie, cause then the key products within the new NVF products…I'm not going to comment on any specific units and some of the higher priced units definitely sold well, and that offset some of the cost of the overall price erosion that we saw in the fourth quarter.  So we saw pretty strong and mixed of both low, medium, and high priced points that sold for the fourth quarter. 
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Ok. And then you mentioned 25 – 30% price erosion in PND, but what about ASP in terms of your '07 guidance, do you assume ASP goes down the same rates or that the mix will help you guys out? 
Kevin Rauckman: Mix will help us out. 
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Ok, and then the same question, more color on PND gross margin guidance for '07. 
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I'm really not going to comment on overall segment gross margins at this point for the quarter for 2007. However, other than to say that the three segments now on the globe are pretty flat on gross margin and operating margin so the decline we're expecting to see is almost entirely in the automobile segment. 
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Got it. Thanks Kevin. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Rath with Canaccord Adams 
Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams: Thanks. Congratulations. Most of my questions have been asked, but I wonder if you can give some color on your retail store strategy? What's your first thought there? It's obviously a new initiative for you. Do you have any thoughts as to '07 in the expansion of that? In the margin impact… any colors you can give to host that initiative? Thanks. 
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think that the beauty of our business right now, especially in the U.S market is…not that we have no additional retailers to go after but the current distributors and dealers that we have have, sold very well.  I mentioned that Appliance City in particular. They’ve had incredible strength in the overall PND category, so much of our assumptions that are just continuing to feed the channel with both as I mentioned, low, medium, and high price point solutions to get as many of the different consumer needs out there but as far as expanding our retail channel we feel like we’re in pretty good shape in the U.S market.  European wise, I think that we can do much better, and that’s what I mentioned earlier, we’ve made some recent changes that we think will help us interest the overall European retail. 
Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams: I guess, Kevin, that I didn’t ask the question properly. I’m talking specifically to the Garmin branded store. How do you see that? Is that something that has you thinking about opening a few more stores in ’07? 
Kevin Rauckman: Oh, I’m sorry. I misunderstood. Yeah, the Chicago store on Michigan avenue has only been open about three months and I think it has accomplished what we had hoped for, and that is to allow consumers to touch and feel and have a high user experience within the store. They may buy there, they may go out and buy elsewhere, but we want to get the general public to be able to understand the technology better and feel the Garmin brand. But you get it at just one store out of all the thousands of points of sale that we have but at this point we don’t have any plans to open a second, third or fourth store. 
Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams: Great. And just one follow up question, if I may on the $0.07 credit. Is that something that was associated typically with a milestone unit shipment volumes or measurements for the fourth quarter or is that a $0.07 sort of credit that is cumulative targets for the full year? And how do you expect those credits to work in 2007? Thanks, I’ll pass the line. 
Kevin Rauckman: I’ll just put briefly, that it’s more related to the targets for the full year. 
Jeff Rath – Canaccord Adams: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Brandon Dobell with Credit Suisse. 
Brandon Dobell - Credit Suisse: Hi. In the PND segment, I guess more of a go to market strategy question…thinking about the breadth of products and the incremental differences between the two or three NUVI’s or the two or three C series.  What’s in the retailer feedback from that kind of a breadth versus lets say a good, better, best, or a two product strategy? And do you think more retailer shelf space will allow you to have more varied units on the shelves at one time or is it really going to stick with three units but then online you’ll have a lot more available? 
Kevin Rauckman: We see a couple of things happening there. One is that retailers are expanding their shelf space for PND. They’re definitely recognizing the value of the PND product line to their overall business so there’s more opportunity for products on the shelf with major retailers. The other factor is that not every retailer is the same and a lot of times they like to differentiate themselves and offer something that the competitor doesn’t offer, so by having multiple products with differentiating features it gives us a way to appeal to all kinds of retailers that can offer something unique to their customer base. 
Brandon Dobell - Credit Suisse: OK. Any sense for what kind of shelf space growth would be embedded in your ’07 50% revenue guidance for PND’s? 
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think it’s all rolled up. I mean we just generally have our auto business forecast embedded into our lower guidance, including any shelf space expansion. 
Brandon Dobell - Credit Suisse : Over on aviation, a question or a context question…If there’s 20% expectations for revenue growth, and I would imagine the OPACC in that business doesn’t change an awful lot….If you could help us understand why not a whole lot of margin expansion expectations for the coming year? Is there something going on with the mix of revenues within aviation or is there going to be more marketing associated with getting those products out the door? 
Kevin Rauckman: I think, as I mentioned, there’s always variability quarter to quarter based on shipment levels but I think that at 20% growth level, I think that the overall operating margins that we experienced in the full year 2006 should not change materially, and we’re going to continue to invest in R&D that we talked about which often impacts the auto operating margin a little bit more because of the amount of dollars that we have to invest to be able to get the product to market so that’s a bit more information on why we expect the margins to be where they are. 
Brandon Dobell - Credit Suisse: Well, within aviation specifically, is there something else going on for an R&D spend, or a marketing spend, that would keep those operating margins relatively flat in a pretty good revenue growth year? 
Kevin Rauckman: Well, I think without giving you the specifics, investing in future technologies which are R&D, even though aviation is definitely not the same mix of our other product lines, we still sometimes spend as much as a third of R&D dollars in aviation. That’s what’s going on there. 
Brandon Dobell - Credit Suisse: OK. And then final quick one...In terms of the impact of buying the distributor in France on your ’07 numbers, are they from a revenue perspective or an inventory perspective? How should we think about that? I guess, more broadly if you continue that strategy how can we get some clarity on what that does to your financial model from a guidance perspective 
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I think it’s imbedded in our 2007 guidance, from our revenue we’ve already accounted for it in our overall $2.5 billion business next year inventory, obviously we own that business so we would hold the inventory, drive a little bit more inventory increases but I don’t think it’s going to be a material in the overall business model. 
Brandon Dobell - Credit Suisse: OK. Thanks a lot. 
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question is with the line of Rich Valera, with Needham & Company. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Thank you. Good Afternoon. Maybe this is for Clift. Clift, I think you mentioned that were 15 000 WAAS upgrades queued up. I was just wondering if you could give us a sense of how much revenue you could get per WAAS upgrade and what’s the timeframe you’d expect those to occur over? 
Clifton A. Pemble: The timeframe, I’ll start with that first. It’s going to be really challenging for the aviation industry to absorb all of these new upgrades because that’s a lot of airplanes to tear into. The resources in the field at various avionic shops are going to be packed to do all of those. We would anticipate it’s going to be done over the course of 2007 and maybe pushing some into 2008 depending on how well things go.  I believe the upgrade was advertised at $1500, if I’m correct, and Kevin seems to think that’s the right number. So for existing customers, basically $1500 will upgrade them to the new WAAS capabilities. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great, and Kevin what was your total advertising spend in 2006? I missed the number you’d mentioned for it. 
Kevin Rauckman: We spent $115 million roughly for 2006. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: And for 2007, was it $140 million? 
Kevin Rauckman : No, we said $150 million is what our expectation is there. The $140 million was the R&D number. 
Rich Valera - Needham & Company: O.K. That’s all for me. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Once again, if you would like to ask a question, please press * then the number 1 on your telephone keypad. Again, that’s * then the number 1 for questions. Your next question is from the line of Jon Braatz with Kansas City Capital. 
Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital: Morning guys. Clift I have a couple of questions. You made a comment on the G600. Are we still thinking that’s a second half revenue item? 
Clifton A. Pemble: I think our Aviation guidance actually doesn’t include much of any contribution from the G600. We believe it will be very late in the back half of the year. We’re trying to be conservative, and aren’t including that. 
Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital: OK. As late in the year, the fact that the aviation industry is upgrading WAAS, that probably would not have any influence on their ability to work on the G600, let’s say in the fourth quarter. 
Clifton A. Pemble : In terms of capacity? 
 Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital : Yeah. 
Clifton A. Pemble : Yeah, I don’t think it would have much impact now. 
 Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital : O.K. Second question. Your acquisition up in Canada, Dynastream. Does that provide you with a platform that may be able to take you beyond fitness products? Maybe into some other area that you’re currently not working in? Is there some application elsewhere beyond strictly leisure products? 
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, so there are really two market areas that Dynastream can help us out in. One is Fitness which we already participate in and it’s the traditional athlete kind of market. The other is the emerging Health and Wellness kind of market which is growing a lot of interest from healthcare providers and companies who are trying to encourage people to become more healthy, become more fit, and it’s a little bit different kind of market. 
 Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital : Can you provide us with any more details of what you may be doing or exactly what the applications might entail? 
Clifton A. Pemble: No, I think the whole market segment of Health and Wellness is really emerging and dynamic so I really can’t provide any specifics at this time. 
 Jon Braatz - Kansas City Capital : Thank you very much, Clift. 
Clifton A. Pemble: OK. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Bucher, from BMO Capital 
John Bucher - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. Just a quick follow up. I think in the commentary you mentioned that on aviation you were expecting three new OEM’s on the G1000. The slide just says new OEM’s but I think I heard you say three new OEM’s. Are those OEM’s that have never been announced or associated with the G1000 platform? And then final follow up, can you give unit volume shipments for the G1000 for the fourth quarter. And any expectations for G1000 unit shipments in 2007. 
Clifton A. Pemble: Yes, John, the three new partners that I mentioned are new to Garmin. One has been announced before, it’s the Qwest company with the Kodiac platform. They expect to deliver this year. The other two aren’t public at this time.  As far as the fourth quarter shipment, I don’t think we have that for you at our fingertips. I believe for the year our total field population is something over 3000 units in the field right now, and going into ’07 we would anticipate that that’s going to be growing healthily as we add new partners and sales increase in the Aviation area. 
John Bucher - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you. As far as certification of new aircraft and the like, obviously you’ve given us a 20% growth number which is fairly specific in today’s terms for providing segment guidance but you’re well beyond any major certification hurdles for platforms that are in the pipeline? 
Clifton A. Pemble: Yeah, I mean every platform is unique in that they’re all challenging and technically risky but I believe that over the past few years now that we’ve been doing this we’ve gotten much better at it and it’s going much smoother for all of our partners and all the platforms. 
John Bucher - BMO Capital Markets: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ben Rodinsky with Bear Stearns. 
Ben Rodinsky - Bear Stearns: Good morning, or actually good afternoon in New York. Can you give us a look at Q4 market share in North America and how pricing shaped out with one specific competitor really coming in at low price points? 
Clifton A. Pemble: I think that from data we look at, independent data, we’ve seen that we were able to achieve over 50% market share over the year November, December. In terms of the one competitor with the low price, I think the results speak for themselves. We still had a very strong quarter and the overall number of units of market share did not decline a bit. If at all they all stayed stable or came up a little bit. 
Ben Rodinsky - Bear Stearns: OK. And then in terms of your guidance for ’07. Can you talk about your rental car income and maybe if you could just go a little deeper and talk about the economics behind that and perhaps capital investment costs? 
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, hopefully many of you saw the ad last night on T.V, or recently on T.V from one of our rental car companies, but in general I would say the numbers from that business are included in the overall expectations for the unit sales we’re be doing for 2007, so we’re not really prepared to break those out of our auto/mobile segments. Still a large part of our units were still sold through the retail channel though. 
Ben Rodinsky - Bear Stearns: And the economics of that? My impression was that you actually own the units and then there was a revenue share model. 
Clifton A. Pemble: No, this was mostly inter-primary unit sales to the rental car agencies where they take the units and then they’re able to charge a ten dollar or whatever fee for use per day. 
Ben Rodinsky - Bear Stearns: OK. And then the last one from me. Would it be possible to just run through the biggest component costs now that the year is done and talk about maybe where you have the biggest risk when it comes to your growth margin for ’07? 
Clifton A. Pemble: I can lay out the overall top four or five components. There really has not been major change over the last half of the year but the LCD display is still number one, the mapping card, the flash memory, the GPS chip set. Those are the top four components of the bill of material.  As I mentioned earlier, we think that the price erosion in the market…if the retail level is going to exceed the bill of material cost segment we’ll experience throughout the full year 2007. 
Ben Rodinsky - Bear Stearns: OK. And I know this is hard to forecast, but in the first quarter have you had any component issues? 
Clifton A. Pemble: As far as availability? 
Ben Rodinsky - Bear Stearns: Correct. 
Clifton A. Pemble: No. 
Ben Rodinsky - Bear Stearns: OK. That’s it for me. Thanks. 
Clifton A. Pemble: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Herb Buchbinder from Wachovia Securities. 
 Herb Buchbinder - Wachovia Securities : Actually my Aviation question was answered, but do you think you might be being a little conservative on the margins on aviation projected for 2007? 
Clifton A. Pemble: Well, that’s exactly the kind of question that was asked earlier but I think the fact that we’re saying that they’re going to be flat I think is still a pretty reasonable estimate for the full year. I don’t think we’re being overly conservative there. 
 Herb Buchbinder - Wachovia Securities: Is aviation still the highest margin segment you have right now? 
Clifton A. Pemble: Absolutely. I mean the full year came in right around 65% and I think 65% is the right number going forward. 
 Herb Buchbinder - Wachovia Securities: O.K. All right. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rich Valera with Needham & Company. 
 Rich Valera - Needham & Company : Thanks. Kevin, you’d mentioned that you thought your ASP decline would be less than the 25-30% price decline. Would you care to hazard how much less they might be? 
Kevin Rauckman : I would say, we talked about a 25-30% growth overall on a like for like product. Given the product mix, our total business, I would think is closer to 12-15% down for the full year on ASP. 
 Rich Valera - Needham & Company : Great. That’s helpful. Thank you. 
Kevin Rauckman : Alright. I think that concludes our question session, so thanks everyone for your interest and we will look forward to updating you after the first quarter. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-11-01 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Polly Schwerdt, Manager, Investor Relations   Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer   Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering
Analysts: John Bucher, BMO Capital Markets   Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley   Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company   Ronald Epstein, Merrill Lynch   J.B. Groh, D.A. Davidson   Peter Friedland, Soleil Group   Jim Duffy, Thomas Weisel Partners   Bill Benton, William Blair   Noelle Swatland, Lehman Brothers   Rich Valera, Needham & Company   Peter Barry, Bear Stearns   Doug Whitman, Whitman Capital   Rob Sanderson, American Technology Research   Anthony Murabito, Fidelity   Cass Turner, Traffolyte   Brian Modoff, Deutsche Bank   Adam Benjamin, Jefferies & Company   Kalpesh Kapadia, C.E. Unterberg   Steve Windward, Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: My name is Molly and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Garmin Limited Third Quarter Earnings Release Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time simply press * and the number 1 on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question press * then the number 2 on your telephone keypad. Thank you, Ms. Schwerdt you may begin your conference.
Polly Schwerdt, Manager, Investor Relations: Thank you, good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's 2006 Third Quarter Earnings Call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.Garmin.com/stock. Additionally this call is being broadcast live on the internet. Please note that this webcast does include slides, which you can view during this call. An archive of the webcast will be available until December 1, 2006. A telephone recording will be available for 3 business days after this call, and a transcript of the call will be available on our website within 48 hours at www.garmin.com/stock under the Events Calendar tab. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and our plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering, and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are Kevin Rauckman and Cliff Pemble. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin Rauckman.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Good morning everyone. I would like to quick start the call by saying that our Chairman and CEO, Dr. Min Kao wanted to join us for the earnings call today but has recently experienced death in the family and will not be presenting today, though the agenda for this morning would be: I will walk us through a business update, hand it off to Cliff. He will go through a product update and then outcome back and go over the financial results from the third quarter. As you saw from the press release this morning, Garmin just finished another record third quarter. Both our total revenue and earnings per share exceeded our expectations. Revenue was up 62% year-over-year and our earnings per share excluding effects of foreign currency were up 52%. Over 1.2 million units were shipped in the quarter, up 73% from the same quarter in 2005. Our PND units alone grew nearly 200% during the quarter compared to the third quarter of 2005, and we are clearly pleased with the size of this increase in volume during the period. This raised our total units to over 17 million units shipped to date, the highest number of any consumer GPS provider, and I think it speaks to the strength of our Garmin brand. We also delivered eight new products during the quarter and are on track to meet our goal of 70 new products in 2006. As we have seen in the past, 61% of our third quarter revenues were generated from products released within the last 12 months, which again demonstrates the strength of our new products. And on the employment level, our worldwide employees increased to nearly 4300. We now have hired over 1250 associates during the year, and we still need to hire more to support our ongoing growth in the business. Moving next to operational highlights, we did experience price compression on existing PND products, but much of this was offset by favorable product mix. Channel sell-through continued to be very strong especially in North America, and as a result of the increased demand from our dealers and distributors, we have experienced some backlog on certain high volume PND products, and have begun to ship these orders in high volume during the month of October. We are also pleased to report that our second Taiwan manufacturing facility has been up and running smoothly since the end of May, and we now have a total of 20 production lines in our Taiwan facilities and are able to respond quickly as fourth quarter holiday season demand increases. Also, because we anticipated an increase in our unit demands during this holiday season, we’ve managed our supply change effectively and do not anticipate any significant component shortages in the upcoming quarter. We have recently completed the purchase of our new European headquarters and distribution center and are upgrading our facility currently for a planned move in during the first quarter of 2007. As many of you probably saw a few days ago, we recently promoted Dan Bartel to VP of Worldwide Sales and Managing Director of our U.K. subsidiary. With this announcement, we hope to leverage Dan’s knowledge of both the Europe and U.K. markets, capitalize on his technical expertise and distribution channel strategies, and strengthen the overall management leadership in Europe for his unique understanding of our dealers and distributors in both North America and in Europe. I would like to review some highlights from each of our core business segments. First, the automotive/mobile business, the auto business experienced another quarter of strong growth of 147% driven by the strong sales of PND products introduced within the last year. According to independent market research, Garmin has increased our PND market share in the U.S. to nearly 60% by the end of the third quarter. And in Europe, independent research confirms that Garmin has now achieved a strong number two position in the overall market. We believe that we are well positioned for future improvements driven continued focus on both advertising and marketing efforts combined with our strong product portfolio. The recent partnership with Hyundai highlights the continued acceptance of our popular nuvi product around the world. With its recent announcement we now have an additional 700 points of sale in North America. In response to our strong growth and positive outlook for this segment, we have again revised our growth expectations for 2006 from 125% growth up to a minimum of 140% growth in the automobile segment. Our outdoor fitness business was also in growth mode at 22%, driven by continued strong sales of the new products introduced this year. We believe Garmin has established itself as the leader of GPS-enabled devices in both running and cycling markets, and we will continue to increase our R&D and marketing efforts to grow these new markets. So, in response to the continued strength within this segment, we maintain that we will be able to achieve at least 20% growth from the segment for the full year 2006. Moving next to the marine segment, our marine segment was up 12% during the quarter. As many of you know, the third quarter is typically our weakest marine quarter during the year, but we did see improvement this year due to the positive response for new product offerings that were introduced earlier in the year. We continue to believe that the marine segment is on track to meet our 2000 guidance of at least 10% revenue growth for the year. The aviation segment experienced another quarter of softness due to slower OEM production and the delayed introduction of certain retrofit products. However, we are pleased to report that our 430 and 530 WAAS and GMS 200 products are on track for fourth quarter introductions. Cliff will provide more detail on these products during his remarks. Additionally, we announced several exciting cockpit products and a new portable GPSMAP 496 product at the Oshkosh air show. We expect to deliver the G600, G900 and the G1000 cockpit for kit plane playing in the summer of 2007 and anticipate significant long-term growth potential from these products. As a result of the 1% growth in this aviation segment year-to-date, we have revised our 2000 revenue growth guidance from 10% growth to flat on a year-over-year basis. However, we do remain very optimistic about the long-term prospects for our overall aviation business. As we look forward, we are optimistic about the remainder of 2006 and the year 2007. The total market for PND product is projected to at least double during 2006. We also agree with independent research that indicates strong PND market growth will continue throughout 2007. With our current product portfolio and standard marketing and advertising campaign, we feel that we are well positioned to take advantage of this large growth opportunity. Garmin continues to invest heavily in R&D as is evident in nearly 200 engineering associates that we’ve added during this 2006 fiscal year, and we now expect to spend over $115 million in R&D across our four business segments. As a part of our standard branding campaign, we’re just days away from the November 11th grand opening of our new retail store on Michigan Avenue in Chicago. This destination store would be the only retail space of its kind dedicated to giving customers a comprehensive GPS experience. We welcome all of our shareholders and friends to come visit this exciting showcase during the upcoming holiday season and into the future. And finally based on our year-to-date performance and the strong demand for our products, we are increasing our outlook for the year. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble, our Vice President of Engineering, who will present a product update, and I will return later to discuss financial results and updated 2006 guidance.
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: Thank you, Kevin. To start today’s product update I wanted to provide an overview of our overall automotive product portfolio. Garmin offers the most comprehensive lineup of automotive navigation solutions available on the market today, and we offer products with a broad range of price points and capabilities. According to NPV, our C330 continues to hold its position as the number one selling PND in the U.S. market. In addition, our nuvi product line continues to set standards around the world for form factor elegance, ease of use, and desirable features. We offered Bluetooth handsfree capability across a broad range of our products, and we have established a leadership position in delivering real-time traffic information to our PND devices. In summary, we feel that Garmin is well positioned to offer a product for every customer going into the holiday selling season. During the third quarter, we introduced an all new product to our nuvi family, the nuvi 660. The nuvi 660 sets a new standard for elegance and capability. It features a larger, brighter display and new features such as an integrated traffic receiver for avoiding traffic jams. In addition, the nuvi 660 includes a built-in FM transmitter which allows users to hear directions, audible books, or MP3s over the car’s audio system. The nuvi 660 was simultaneously launched in both the U.S. and Europe and we were able to quickly deliver units to fill retail channels. The feedback we have been receiving on this product has been encouraging, and we believe it will be a strong seller in this holiday season. I also want to provide an update on the Zumo, which was introduced at the MotoGP event in July. While other competitors have introduced products targeted at the motorcycle riders, the Zumo is the first product designed to meet the stringent environmental requirements of the motorcycle market. Using our expertise in recognized product design, we created an appealing product that also passes stringent requirements for vibration, aperture, waterproof, and exposure to fuels. In addition, our unique user interface provides a better solution for operating the product with gloved hands. The Zumo has all the great features of our PND products, like preloaded maps, Bluetooth headset and handsfree operation, and compatibility with real-time traffic solutions. In addition, it comes out of the box with mounting solutions for both the motorcycle and the car making it the more versatile motorcycle product available. Good news is that we completed development for the Zumo and have started mass production, and we anticipate the products will arrive at dealers in the very near future. Turning next to marine, we started deliveries of our GMR 404 and 406 during the third quarter. These new radar scanners offer stunning performance of value featuring a 72 nautical mile range and incredible target resolution. Like all of our radars, the GMR 404 and 406 perform all of the display processing within the scanner units, and the results are transmitted over our marine network to the chart plotter. Our chart plotter software is designed to fully integrate radar information into the user interface providing overlays on chart data as well as split-screen operations allowing the user to see separate radar and photography presentations. Introduction of the GMR 404 and 406 raises the visibility of Garmin within the marine market and will open doors to new opportunities for our marine network system. During the third quarter we also introduced the GPSMAP 278 which targets the European market by offering pre-loaded street maps of Western Europe. Customers can then add detailed charts of waters in their own region using our pre-programmed BlueChart data cards. For 2007 we will be introducing an exciting line of all new chart plotters and fish finders and radar units. More details would be provided at the upcoming next marine trade show in Amsterdam. Turning next to Aviation, I have good news to report regarding our effort our provide WAAS navigation into our GNS 430 and 530 product line. We’ve completed all the required TSO testing including software validation and we have submitted all of the required paperwork to the FAA for approval. Flight testing is scheduled to begin earlier this month and we anticipate all certification activities will be wrapped up by the end of this month. While we cannot precisely predict FAA approval times, we are grateful for the high level of support that the FAA has provided thus far and we anticipate a successful conclusion to the certification activities in the next few weeks. I also have good news to share regarding the Mustang VLJ program. As many of you know, tests are repeated, typed certificate for the Mustang which includes a full function G1000 avionics system. The Mustang will be the first production aircraft delivered with WAAS capability. In addition, the Mustang will be the first VLJ with fully integrated flight controls enabled by our GSP 700 flight control system. It’s been a privilege to set down this exciting program and we look forward to success in this dynamic new market for jet aircraft. Finally, during third quarter, we delivered the GPSMAP 496 to the portable aviation market. This product truly raises the bar for portable aviation products. It is the first of its kind to offer preloaded street maps for either North America or Western Europe and the package includes both aviation and automotive mounts which allows the user to easily move the product from aircraft to automobile. In addition, the GPSMAP 496 offers exciting new contents for the aviation market including an AOPA Airport Directory and enhanced high resolution terrain database and our exclusive Garmin SafeTaxi Chart which will provide enhanced and situational awareness for pilots navigating on unfamiliar airfields. That concludes are product update; Kevin will now present the detailed financial results.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thanks Cliff. First of all in consideration of our August 15th 2-for-1 stock split, I want to mention that all of the share amounts I’m going to present today are the post stock split basis. So, I’m moving to the third quarter financial summary. The revenue we achieved is $408 million as I mentioned, net income of $123 million and earnings per share during the period of $0.50 per share. This drove a 62% top line growth and 52% earnings per share growth when excluding the effect of foreign currency. In this third quarter time period, we did experience a $0.06 EPS impact due to more currency gain during the third quarter. Looking at gross margins, our gross margins came in at 48.8% which was better than expected due to price erosions during the quarter offset by reduced product costs and favorable product mix. Our operating margins were nearly 30% which is down from last year but better than expected and a change year-over-year was caused by a gross margin of 270 basis points, unfavorable. SG&A was unfavorable by about 200 basis points, and our R&D expenses were favorable by about 50 basis points. SG&A was much lower than second quarter ‘06 due to reduced advertising during the period, and Garmin typically invested heavily in TV ads during the June and December quarters, and we’ll talk a little bit more about that later. We did ship over 1.2 million units during the quarter. Our average selling price during third quarter was $332 per unit, which is a 2% reduction from the second quarter of $338. Looking next at our segment revenues, we experienced double digit revenue growth within marine and outdoor fitness segments and triple digit revenue growth across the automobile segment. Automobile revenue grew nearly two and half times the third quarter of ‘05 on the strength of our nuvi and C series products, and the total PND unit volume nearly tripled year-over-year during the third quarter. Within the automotive mobile segment, our year-to-date growth is now 168% and we expect a strong fourth quarter due to much higher holiday selling. The outdoor fitness segment continues to exceed expectations as this segment is up 22%. Our marine segments grew 9% year-to-date. Overall, our revenues on a year-to-date basis have grown 64%. As I mentioned earlier, the sales of our products within the last 12 months on new products accounts for 61% of our third quarter revenue. Because of the explosive PND market, our automotive mobile segment now represents 59% of our total business growing from 39% of the total a year ago but very similar to our second quarter results this year. Within the automotive mobile segment, our North American market contributed more than Europe due to the typical quarter-over-quarter decline we experienced in Europe during the third quarter. Garmin Europe and North American market growth were nearly equal with North America representing 65% of our total revenues and Europe representing 29%, very similar to the third quarter of 2005. Looking next at the geography, revenue by geography; our North American revenue was up 62% during the period while our European business increased over 59% during the third quarter. Our Asian sales also grew 84% during the period. So, all three of our geographic regions have grown 50% or greater on a year-to-date basis and through the third quarter we have now exceeded 2005 total year revenue as we recognize nearly $1.2 billion in revenue year-to-date. Looking next at our margins by the four segments; our third quarter aviation gross margins declined from 66% to 64% as expected and our aviation operating margins declined from 39% to 32% due to larger R&D costs as a percentage of sales. Our third quarter outdoor business gross margins declined from 60% to 56% due to unfavorable product mix and lower component cost reductions during the quarter. The operating margins also declined from 45% to 41% in line with gross margin change. Third quarter marine gross margins declined from 60% to 53% due to unfavorable product mix and certain price changes as we anticipate new marine product introductions in the upcoming month. The operating margins within this segment also declined from 42% to 34%, in line with the gross margin change. Our third quarter automobile gross margin remains flat at 42% for the third consecutive quarter beating our expectations. Favorable product mix helped sustain margins as we sold more units in North America where our gross margins are higher relative to Europe. Operating margins actually increased during the third quarter by 150 basis points up to 25% of sales as we spent less on advertising during the third quarter. With the exception of our automobile segment, we expect our short-term margins to be relatively stable despite the possibility of quarter variability due to product mix and the timing of new product introductions, and I think you saw that during this third quarter. We do, however, expect that our automobile segment will experience declining operating margins due to reduced pricing in a continued transition towards mass market levels. Looking next at our operating expenses; the R&D investment during the quarter increased nearly $10 million year-over-year in absolute dollar terms but was down 50 basis points 7.5% of sales. We’ve added over 200 engineers during the 2006 timeframe and now employ over 900 engineers and engineering associates. We decreased our advertising expense to 5.7% of sales compared to 7.7 in the second quarter 2006, but this reduced ad spending was still $13 million more than a year ago quarter. The other SG&A increased 90 basis points to 5.9% of sales from 5.3% a year ago and we continue to expect that our overall operating expenses in total will come in at approximately 19% of sales for both the fourth quarter this year and the full year 2006. We continue to see improvement in our balance sheet. Our cash increased to $888 million at the end of the third quarter. Our accounts receivable decreased to $250 million due to slightly lower revenue and accounted for approximately 62 days of sales. I’m sure you all saw that our inventory dollars were up $106 million over the second quarter and our days of inventory metric increased. At the end of the third quarter, we now hold 117 days of inventory, up from 91 days in the second quarter. Breaking our inventory down by type of inventory, we ended the third quarter with $85 million in raw materials which is 42 days of inventory. We ended third quarter with $47 million in our work-in process, which is 16 days of inventory. And our finished goods increased up to $110 million or 59 days of inventory. And we also went out of the quarter with $14 million in inventory reserves. Increase in both raw materials and finished goods was planned as we prepare to the respond to increased customer demand during the seasonally strong fourth quarter holiday season. Retail channel inventory appears to be lean and sell-through of most products is strong during the third quarter. And also looking at cash flow, we generated strong cash. Our cash flow from operations during the third quarter was $116.8 million. We got $18.9 million on CapEx during the quarter and our free cash flow generated during the third quarter was $97.9 million. Cash flow from investing was $89.21 million use of cash which is made up of roughly $90 million on CapEx and $70 million of net purchases of marketable securities. Our cash flow from financing was $49.4 million use of cash, which is primarily caused by the $50.4 million use of cash related to our stock buy back plan as Garmin was buying back our shares in the market during the third quarter. And from a return on cash, we earned an average of 4.5% on all cash and marketable security balances during the third quarter. Just a couple of comments on tax rate and FAS 123R; our expected tax rate remained at 15.5% as expected and we anticipate that this rate will continue throughout the 2006 timeframe. It is required by FAS 123R that we expense $3 million during the quarter as compensation expense due to the fair value of our shares within our stock option and stock purchase plans. The $0.01 EPS impact was expected and we now forecast the full year impact to be $0.04 per share for FAS 123R. Finally, in conclusion, we want to go with the updated guidance. As you saw, we remain optimistic about the future success of our business and now expect at least $1.68 billion in revenue during the fiscal 2006 with double digit growth across all business segments except aviation. We’ve also increased our EPS outlook up to $2.08 excluding the $0.04 impact for the expensing of stock options. Again, this is a 52% growth rate over 2005. We’ve also increased our revenue guidance for the auto/mobile segment up to at least 140% growth for 2006. Our revenue growth expectations for the outdoor fitness and marine segments remain unchanged at 20% and 10% respectively, but we have reduced our aviation revenue growth expectations down from 10% to 0% for the year. We still expect to spend $85 million of CapEx and have seen $45 million invested year-to-date. For the remaining $40 million of capital expenditures comprises of approximately $30 million for our U.K. headquarters facility and about $10 million of maintenance CapEx across our business. We also see stable split outstanding share count at about 219 million shares. That concludes the overall formal presentation. At this point, as is customary, we’d like to open up for Q&A, and there is a Q&A line. Please enter that queue.
Operator: At this time, I would like to remind everyone, if you wish to ask a question, please press * then the number 1 on your telephone keypad now. Your first question comes from John Bucher from BMO Capital Markets.
John Bucher, BMO Capital Markets: Thank you, John Bucher. Question for you Kevin on the automotive mobile arena; margins actually went up year-on-year to 25% and you indicated that short-term you expect them to be stable, and I think you attributed that to lot of advertising and more pronounced mix towards North American market on a sequential basis, but then you said you do expect declines in ASP and then future pricing pressure to cause overall margins in this category to come down. And I’m just kind of wondering, you’ve got a year-on-year positive comparison on operating margins and yet you’re expecting them to come down, didn’t you experience some ASP erosion annually from 2005 to 2006 and why should they come down, are you expecting just a heightened amount of ASP pressure, just curious so that you can kind of elaborate a little bit on the expectations for declining margins.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah, I think to a couple of your points, definitely the ASPs year-over-year third quarter to third quarter have come down and we’ve been talking about this. We have been able to benefit through most of the year on reduced component cost for raw materials, so that’s offset a lot of pressure just on overall price. But I think as we go forward typically we see in the holiday season a lower ASP depending on the product portfolio and what’s available on the markets. So, we are expecting the 42% rates to come down in the fourth quarter. And the other factor is we expect the European market to grow relative to the U.S. market. So, we had a higher percent contribution of our auto/mobile in the North American market in the third quarter, but that will slightly switch and we will have more European contribution. So, I think those couple of factors we do expect that the 42% will come down during a very high growth revenue season.
John Bucher, BMO Capital Markets: I don’t want to extend your horizon beyond what you’re prepared to talk about today, but is that what you expect for the fourth quarter, do you think that’s going to continue on into ’07, or could you potentially have a scenario where just like the third quarter ’05 to third quarter ’06 trends were positive, that you could have a scenario like that in ’07 as well?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah, I really don’t want to give specifics other than to say that in general we would expect in this very competitive market that pricing will come down. It’s very hard if somebody is moving parts in a gross margin scenario, and I think you can appreciate even the amount of competition that’s changed in the last three to six months, who’s in and who’s not in, but in general I would say we’re not going to see the margins go up. They should stay flat or come down as we go forward into ’07.
John Bucher, BMO Capital Markets: I’ll ask one more question and then get back in the queue. With respect to the aviation WAAS upgrade, so that could start in December it sounds like, and the way to think about that, there would appear to be two components to that WAAS upgrade: number one it would appear that there is some 430 and 530 customers that maybe delaying the purchases of their avionics stacks based on the availability of WAAS, so there is a potential lift there. And then number two, you have this retrofit, this huge install base of existing 430 and 530 users that are going to be sending in their avionics units for upgrade, and it looks like that should be probably something around $5 million a quarter or so over the next 18 months, something like that, is that the right way to think about the impact of WAAS on aviation?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: Yeah, John, the two components you outlined are correct. We are hearing from the field that customers are waiting to purchase in order to get the WAAS unit installed in their airplane, and we do have a sizable amount of interest in the upgrades that we’ve offered for existing units.
John Bucher, BMO Capital Markets: Then, is that $5 million of quarterly revenue about right for the retrofit of existing units?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: I don’t think we’re prepared to comment right now on the exact numbers, we don’t have that in front of us.
John Bucher, BMO Capital Markets: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley: Thanks, good morning guys. Kevin, I wanted to ask you o n the PND market as it’s trending in the fourth quarter and how you’re looking at product positioning versus your competitors. It seems like Europe has become a lot more competitive on the pricing side and maybe retail outlets do a poor job, I was explaining to customers why they should buy one device over another, how do you see in the U.S. and Europe — maybe if you can specifically on each — how your products are positioned from a price value perspective today versus your main competitor, TomTom, do you expect if prices stay where they are, which I would argue if TomTom1 sells anywhere from $100 to $200 discount to the nuvi product, is that the right comparison from a products perspective, and if you are faced with a decision of sort of keeping prices where they are and seeing some share, does that maximize your earnings in the fourth quarter and going out into ’07 or do you believe the elasticity is really what you should be focused on, so you would look to bring prices down to grow out the volumes, any color on those issues would be great?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: A couple of points first, we’ve already taken price backs in both North America and Europe as we’ve entered the holiday season, and we’ve planned on that, and that’s one of the reasons which we’ve commented on what the overall margins are going to be. Relative to TomTom and all competitors in general, I think we’re priced in the U.S. market pretty similarly. In Europe, I think in the past we may have been a little bit above given some of our recent pricing actions, we are getting closer to our competitive pricing there. I think the other thing we’re really expecting is an increased branding through TV ad campaigns and we’re entering into both the U.S. and Europe. That’s going to help I think build the Garmin brand and awareness of the overall technology. You asked about elasticity, if we get to choose one versus the other we do view this market as very elastic, so if the price comes it drives volume and we’ve been pretty open to those types of trends in the market to be able to drive topline growth.
Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley: Do you see the TomTom1 as a product on par with the nuvi so that they should be priced similarly in the market place or do you believe that your product offers more functionality and will be able to warrant a premium in the market place in the fourth quarter?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: Ben, I think the TomTom1 is definitely a strong product. I wouldn’t put it on par with nuvi because the nuvi is still the standard center when it comes to elegance, form factor, the finished product between the two and offers much more functionality than the WON offers.
Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley: Okay, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Evanson from Dougherty & Company.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: Good morning, thanks for taking my questions. Kevin, let’s talk a little bit about backlog on PND, you made that comment in your introductory remarks, that focused on a certain product, can you give us a sense of the backlog?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think it’s not focused on a specific product other than overall PND. I think as we entered the end of the fourth quarter the early indications to us were quite positive. We’ve had a good start to the fourth quarter, primarily due to high levels of backlog entering the holiday season, so that was really my intention to bring that out.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: And this was in your finished goods inventory number here?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah, very typically what we’ve done, if you look at the last couple of years, we’ve raised our inventory levels just to plan for a larger fourth quarter season, and that is what’s going on here. In fact, our finished goods at 59 days is pretty close to right where we want to be. We want to be able to have enough inventory to respond to customers and consumer demand, and if it picks up we don’t want to miss out on any opportunities.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: I mean, what gave rise to this backlog, is it a component shortage?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No, as I’ve said we haven’t really experienced any significant component shortage. I think my intention on backlog is that we enter into holiday season, many of our larger dealers and distributors get their orders then, planning for large shipments in the fourth quarter. That’s really what that entails.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: Maybe it seems like there is a sense coming out of the investor day that revenue growth could be flat to down maybe a couple percentage points in the third quarter, and I think it was a little bit more than that, what drove that surprise, and it seemed rather September related?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think quite honestly what happened there was we did take some price actions right at the end of the quarter. So, when we ended the quarter we had price protection to some of our dealers and those are netted against gross sales, and so I think that brought down the sales level a little bit, but what I’m taking is a material number here in the big scheme of things, something like $10 million.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: Okay, could you speak to the level of returns in the quarter?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Pretty consistent with what we’ve seen in the past quarters, no real change there on sales returns.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: Okay. Moving on to market share, you never addressed what your market share change was in Europe sequentially here, what do you think happened in Europe market share in the third quarter?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah, we typically look at our own sell-in and then there are also sell-through numbers; for example, GSK has come out recently with some data that suggests from a sell-through perspective we’ve gained share in a couple of countries. I think overall our best estimate right now is still in the mid-teens as far as overall European market share.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: Okay, and talk a little bit about PND price compression sequentially and also what you saw in terms of component costs please.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: The ASP did come down a little bit on PND, but as you typically see it has to do with product mix.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: Was it down to 2% to 4%, something like that?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: From the second quarter to the third quarter?
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: Yes.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Probably a little more than that, yes 5% or 6% roughly, in that range.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: Okay, and your component cost declined?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes, I think what we’ve seen there is we’re still getting some component cost reductions, and quite honestly certain components like Flash memory have actually firmed up where we were seeing significant cost reductions earlier in the year. I think the overall industry there, much like we saw in the fourth quarter of ’05 we got to see a little bit of price increase in some cases there.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: Okay, how many units did you ship into Europe this quarter?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We’ve typically have not given that number out other than the total unit numbers.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: I think there was some of that reported to a market tracking firm so I thought maybe you would share with analysts and investors.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I don’t think we’ve reported any specific to any outside firm.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: Okay, and then my last question. Cliff, could you talk a little bit about what’s going on with the LPV upgrade delay, what caused that, and do you really feel like December is an achievable approval of the 430 and 530 upgrade?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: Yes, as you know we’ve been working on that upgrade for quite a while. I think it was a huge task to upgrade the design from PSoC 129 to WAAS, and quite honestly it took more resources and effort than what we had estimated. As I mentioned, we have submitted all of the PSo paperwork now, so we’re over the hurdle when it comes to any issue of meeting requirements or anything like that. And now the remainder of the work is focused on flight testing and the final FAA FCC that we’re working on. So, we feel highly confident that the project is under control and we’ll be able to start delivery this year.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: I promise my last question here. You have a number of new aviation products coming out in 2007, do you believe that the potential for FAA related delay is as high as it’s been on this LPV upgrade?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: Well…particularly on one of the higher visibility products which is the new 600 PSV product, so there is a lot of risk in those projects. We believe given our leadership position in integrating cockpits that we’re well positioned to be able to accomplish those, but it’s certainly not in the bag yet.
Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Company: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ronald Epstein from Merrill Lynch.
Ronald Epstein, Merrill Lynch: Hey good afternoon. Kevin, you talked about margin compression in automotive, and when we think about modeling there, what kind of bounds can be put on it; I mean is it a couple 100 basis points or can you give it a broad feel for what you think it may be?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Over the next quarter, over the next year?
Ronald Epstein, Merrill Lynch: No over the next quarter and then the next year.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think it’s very difficult to predict. Quite honestly we were surprised on the upside on how well we did in the third quarter, but I guess in the high end of 300 to 400 basis points is very likely.
Ronald Epstein, Merrill Lynch: Is that for the quarter or for the year?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: For the quarter.
Ronald Epstein, Merrill Lynch: And then when we think out into next year?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That’s more difficult to say, I’ll need to have the crystal ball on that. My earlier comment was that we would expect generally trends to come down over time, but I’m not going to comment on how many basis points, it’s very difficult at this point.
Ronald Epstein, Merrill Lynch: Sure, and then in marine gross margin, can you talk about what happened to marine?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think what we’ve been commenting in general as we some variability quarter to quarter and in particular when we bring out new products, which we did in the marine season in the second quarter, sometimes we’ll keep some variability, and so that’s really what we saw in the third quarter on the marine side. We did take some price actions as I mentioned as we try to anticipate the next go-around, and Cliff talked about that a little bit with some products coming out. So, it’s a combination of what product mix and also some price actions that took place.
Ronald Epstein, Merrill Lynch: Okay, and then I have a question for Cliff. I think year-to-date you’ve rolled out 7 new products is that right for the year, so that means there are 23 new ones between now and end of the year?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: I think the number we gave was 70 for the year and we’re well on track to be able to meet and exceed that.
Ronald Epstein, Merrill Lynch: Okay, is the bulk of those in marine, are there any new PNDs going on in that?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: Zumo as I mentioned is just now going to mass production, so it’s a fourth quarter product, and then we have some mobile products targeted to smart phones that are coming our GPS 20.
Ronald Epstein, Merrill Lynch: Okay, and have you guys thought about doing a nuvi that’s maybe like a nuvi light?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: We have lots of ideas and we’re executing on all of them.
Ronald Epstein, Merrill Lynch: Okay, great thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from J.B. Groh from D.A. Davidson.
J.B. Groh, D.A. Davidson: Hi guys. Kevin, just one housekeeping issue, what is the number of shares that you repurchased in the quarter?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I’m not going to give you an exact number. We had 3 million share purchase plan approved and we’re roughly about a third the way through on that.
J.B. Groh, D.A. Davidson: Okay. Then, of course you briefly mentioned Mobile 20 just from a personal standpoint, is that still going to be November availability, I’d like to buy one?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: Yes.
J.B. Groh, D.A. Davidson: And how should we be thinking about that? When I look at that it looks more like a software product than a device, how should we be thinking about the contribution margin for that product relative to your manufactured stuff, would you consider a traditional software margin type of a product?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: Well, I don’t have a significant hardware component because this basically enables any Bluetooth phone that is not already GPS enabled due to location capabilities, but it really is a full GPS receiver built into the mount. In terms of margins, this is a market much like the PND that we see a lot of competition. There are many players including a lot of small players that are very desperate to have opportunities, so the prices are actually quite low in terms of software application prices.
J.B. Groh, D.A. Davidson: Okay, so the mount actually has the receiver built into it?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: Yes, it does.
J.B. Groh, D.A. Davidson: Okay, thanks, that’s all I had.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Friedland from Soleil.
Peter Friedland, Soleil Group: Hey, that’s Peter Friedland. I have two questions. First on the breakout of your inventory, Kevin it sounds like you quoted the second quarter breakouts, the numbers are filling that up to what’s on your balance sheet?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No, I think I should have added that…I think you’re right, $125 million in raw materials, the days were right, 46 with, 176 in finished goods, that’s my mistake, but the days were still right; 42 days of raw, 16 of with, and 59 of finished goods.
Peter Friedland, Soleil Group: Okay, and then going back to fourth quarter of ’05, can you give us a rough breakout of the segment revenue for those quarters just so we can be a little more accurate?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: The breakout in the fourth quarter ’05 in terms of the four segments?
Peter Friedland, Soleil Group: Yes.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No, we’ll talk about that at our next earnings call.
Peter Friedland, Soleil Group: Okay, and lastly, it looks your PND revenues dropped off a bit in Europe in the third quarter, probably more so in the U.S., what was the phenomenon there?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Pretty typically we saw the same phenomenon last year, was just sequentially down from the second quarter to the third quarter, and pretty typical we had a much stronger North American contribution as I said. There was nothing unique there I guess.
Peter Friedland, Soleil Group: Well, I guess in the context, TomTom was up a lot sequentially and if you look at the PND unit numbers reported by NASDAQ, so they were both up sequentially, how do you put that in context?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think taking into account timing of sell-in versus sell-through we had a strong second quarter, and we saw the same thing this year, August just basically builds a sell-in. It’s a big holiday for the Europeans, again really no major change or shift this year than what we’ve seen in the past third quarters.
Peter Friedland, Soleil Group: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Duffy from Thomas Weisel.
Jim Duffy, Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you, hello everyone. Just a clarification question; Kevin, so the price action that you took at the end of the third quarter on the automotive units, is that where you expect prices to stay for the holiday period or do you anticipate further steps in pricing?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think what we normally do on prices is we take a major step which we did in the very beginning of October. We evaluate how the demand is coming along throughout the quarter. Often we’ll add some additional promotional activities as we get into Black Friday or if we go through toward the end of the quarter.
Jim Duffy, Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, things like rebates and things of that sort?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes, something like that.
Jim Duffy, Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, and then related to the bill of materials, I think I’ve heard you say in the past that your three largest components of bill of materials on the PNDs were screens, memory, and mapping, is that still the case?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yes.
Jim Duffy, Thomas Weisel Partners: And in which of those areas do you see the most opportunity for further savings going forward?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well, we hope all of that. The display is still number one on the bill of material, but it has come down significantly this year, so it’s approaching some of the actual costs of some of the other, two or three or four out from the bill of material. I guess it’s different in the cost; it used to be much greater on the display versus everything else.
Jim Duffy, Thomas Weisel Partners: So, meaning display used to be significantly more expensive than those other components and that’s now come down much more in line?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Right.
Jim Duffy, Thomas Weisel Partners: And then maybe you’re not prepared to talk about this, but as you look into ’07 is it appropriate to think that the aviation business could return to historical 20% plus growth rates?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think we won’t give an exact number but I believe given our results this year and what we see on the horizon and given some of the new products we talked about, yeah, absolutely we would expect a much higher growth rate on aviation. Don’t forget the Mustang, the BLJ market will be…
Jim Duffy, Thomas Weisel Partners: Yeah, that seems like a big opportunity heading into the ’07 timeframe. And then one more question if I can tuck it in, at your analyst day you put up a slide and it was third-party data I believe but forecasting PND units for both the U.S. and Europe, is that still in line with where you’re thinking the market opportunity will be or given some of the strength that you’ve seen would you expect those numbers…
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We don’t see anything at this point on the horizon that would make us think that the high growth rates in the independent research has changed much. We still see increased unit volume demand going towards mass markets. I think the PND category is proving itself to be a very significant category, not only this holiday season but as we go into next year.
Jim Duffy, Thomas Weisel Partners: Into ’07 did those third-party numbers make sense to you or would you expect them to move one direction or the other?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: They’ll probably move. If you recall, even as we went into 2006, those numbers have actually increased. I’m not saying they’re going to increase again, but I would expect them to move some.
Jim Duffy, Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Benton from William Blair.
Bill Benton, William Blair: Good morning guys. I just wanted to check, I recall your expectations where you would get kind of 20% share in Europe by year end, I just want to make sure, is that still kind of the target?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: It’s still our target, yes.
Bill Benton, William Blair: Okay, and then just to confirm as well, I think at one point you said that there were price cuts were reflected in maybe some of that in the revenue on the PND side in the margin at the end of the third quarter, and I think you just mentioned that price at the beginning of October, so I just want to make sure, what is currently reflected in the financial statements with regard to the price protection?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: If it’s price protection related, because what we give to your dealers and distributors when we make price changes, if they have any inventory left in stock we have to account for how much is there and we give them a credit and take it against our financial statements. So, some of that price change that occurred right at the beginning of October we actually represented in our third quarter results.
Bill Benton, William Blair: Okay, and then in terms of your 20% growth outlook in outdoor fitness, I guess year-to-date that actually looks a little conservative with regard to your fourth quarter expectations? You guys have given out all those pieces obviously of the segments, but it does appear as though year-to-date expectations would suggest that in the trends you’re just maybe a little conservative?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well, I think we’ve seen 22% year-to-date and it implies an 18% growth rate in the fourth quarter, which I think is still reasonable, maybe up a couple of percentage points, but it’s not far off given what we did last year, because we had a strong outdoor fitness season last year in the fourth quarter ’05. I think it’s reasonable.
Bill Benton, William Blair: Okay, and then on the R&D front, that had picked up quite a bit sequentially and I think you noted there was lower operating margins in the aviation side, which I suspect maybe where some of that was going towards. I’m trying to get a sense, were there one-time items in there…I think you mentioned $115 million for the year, so maybe that is sustainable level we should think about going forward?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah, I think there’s one one-time item. We’ve been continuing to recruit and as I’ve said we’ve hired 200 engineers this year and many of them have been on the aviation segment which is one of the reasons that our operating margins came down a little bit more on aviation than it did in the other segments. But, the $115 million is continuing at a 2% growth rate throughout the fourth quarter.
Bill Benton, William Blair: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Noelle Swatland from Lehman Brothers.
Noelle Swatland, Lehman Brothers: Thanks guys. Just one clarification and then a question if I could, can you just remind you what you said with respect to your advertising plans for the fourth quarter?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah, typically June and December quarters are the big quarters for TV advertisement, so I would expect you see a sequential increase in our advertising for the fourth quarter. I think we’ve got 1800 TV spots planned in the U.S. and we have a sizable number of TV ads in Europe, so you could see an increase in the fourth quarter.
Noelle Swatland, Lehman Brothers: Just a followup, can you give us any sense relative, like second half versus first half?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: On advertising?
Noelle Swatland, Lehman Brothers: Yeah, and I think previously you had said it should roughly double, is that right?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No, I don’t believe I’ve said that. I think we’ve spent around $52 million in the first half and it will probably be $65 million or in that neighborhood in the back half. Keep in mind our advertisement is not just TV, but cooperative and print media as well.
Noelle Swatland, Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then one last question just around the third quarter shift, you had said that there were component constraints. It sounds like that has limited some of your shipments this quarter, and you had talked previously in the call about $10 million price concessions in the quarter. I think there was some thought that maybe with selling of some of your new products that could actually help the revenues again this quarter flat to up a little bit. If you look at kind of where the finished goods are and where receivables were, kind of down, it’s looks as though had changed there in September, is the market maybe weakened a little bit seasonally in the quarter than you had anticipated or was it these component constraints that kind of limited some of the upside there?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: First of all, let me clarify, component constraints were not an issue in the third quarter. So, other than what I’ve already stated, I think Europe was sequentially down, and therefore in accounts receivable we did ship product a little bit more linear than we typically did in the second quarter for example, where we shipped a lot of products in the last month. But, I think don’t think you can really read anything else into that.
Noelle Swatland, Lehman Brothers: Okay, last question. I think in the past you had given us a total unit target for the company for ’06, could you give us that?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We’ve done around 3.4 million already this year, so you can probably back into what our unit number is, maybe a little bit north of that.
Noelle Swatland, Lehman Brothers: All right, thanks.
Operator: Your next question is a followup question from John Bucker from BMO Capital Markets.
John Bucher, BMO Capital Markets: Thank you very much. At the analyst day you indicated that you were spending more time on acquisitions or scouting out prospective acquisitions, anything to report there, we haven’t heard anything since then, did you have some deals that fell through? And then the last question, on your hosted services that you’re providing for Sprint, I recognize that no matter what sort of trend changes you saw there, it’s going to be a small percentage of the overall revenue, but can you talk about any trend changes on the hosted side and whether you’re still actively involved promoting this?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I’ll address M&A and then I’ll have Cliff talk about the hosted services question. I think in any kind of evaluation mode you’re always going to have some deals come and some deals fall off. So definitely we’ve had some that we’ve evaluated and haven’t worked out, but we definitely have other transactions that we’re looking at. So, there’s not a whole lot to report there, but if there are any news we will bring it to your attention.
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: John, we are seeing some uplift in terms of our mobile application subscription rate, but as you pointed out, it’s still a very small phase, so I wouldn’t read anything into that in terms of revenues, but through some focused efforts we’ve been able to partner with Sprint in their promotional programs and things like that. In terms of promoting it elsewhere, yes, we’re working on actively promoting it both domestically as well as internationally.
John Bucher, BMO Capital Markets: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is a followup question from Ben Swinburne from Morgan Stanley.
Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley: Thanks guys for taking this followup. I just wanted to come back to the third quarter PND numbers. In Europe it looks like you had indicated earlier in the quarter that the share was sort of flat for you guys, maybe even increasing, and that seems to be the evidence we’ve seen from various industry sources. Did the category sales levels come in the third quarter a little lighter than you would have thought overall? I know we’re all sort of triangulating a bunch of different data sources to get there, but even if I adjust for the $10 million price protection, Kevin, it still seems like the PND revenues were a little lower than where I would have thought and that may have been a September issue?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Are you talking about overall or just in Europe?
Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley: In Europe.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Again, I can’t say it any other way. I don’t think we were surprised at what happened in Europe because we typically see a reduction sequentially for the second quarter to the third quarter, so basically the same answers what I gave earlier.
Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley: Do you think your share increased sequentially from the third quarter to the second quarter in Europe?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That’s a harder one to determine. I think you’ve got to triangulate based on sell-in and sell-through, but we still feel that we retained if not maybe raised a point or two on the sell through in Europe in the third quarter.
Ben Swinburne, Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Operator: At this time I would like to remind everyone, if you wish to ask a question press * and then the number 1 on your telephone keypad now. We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Your next question comes from Rich Valera from Needham and Company.
Rich Valera, Needham & Company: Thank you. Cliff, I was wondering if you could comment on your thoughts on the Nokia 330 which was just announced, any thoughts on the positioning of that product in Europe, sort of price and functionality?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: So, the product definitely offers capability that’s different than what we marketed. It is a larger product…price wise it’s on the expensive side where the market is currently at. So, generally again, we always like to say that we don’t underestimate competition at this moment, and that’s always really…
Rich Valera, Needham & Company: Kevin, in the outdoor fitness categories, we don’t have the year-over-year comparison there for the fourth quarter, is there anything you could say about the expected sequential trajectory of the third quarter to the fourth quarter in outdoor fitness?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: It’s similar in trend or direction to auto/mobile, those are the two segments that sequentially will go up from third quarter to fourth quarter, but I would expect it in the 15% to 20% range sequentially up.
Rich Valera, Needham & Company: Okay, that’s helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Barry from Bearn Stearns.
Peter Barry, Bear Stearns: Good afternoon. Kevin, you mentioned in your remarks that the retail pipeline looked pretty clear, you have pretty decent visibility in that regard, could you give us a sense of how it looks relative to this time a year ago, are there any similarities, any significant differences that you’ve seen or fearful of?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: When we look at backlog and some of the trends and scratch proof types information we’re hearing back from the dealers and distributors, it’s very similar to last year. I think we’re expecting a significant sequential uptake in revenues and products appear to be very well received and moving through the channel pretty quickly. So, I frame it as pretty similar to last year.
Peter Barry, Bear Stearns: And did the sell-in last year give you a pretty decent read on what the sell-through eventually was?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That’s a more difficult question. It’s not 100% accurate, but in general we have pretty good information of selling in sell-through from the major retailers, specifically in the U.S. that it is in Europe. We’re getting better data as I think we move forward in the European markets.
Peter Barry, Bear Stearns: But in any event the demand environment looks to be good if not better than it was a year ago?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think it’s very similar, yes.
Peter Barry, Bear Stearns: On the ASP front for PNDs, could you give us a sense of what you’re looking as you look out over the remainder of this year and just as importantly if you will in ’07, what the pricing climate might look like both in North America and Europe?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well I think the ASP is a little bit of a misnomer because of the fact that we’ve got over 100 different products and in the PND market we have several different price points as you know. I think if you take a look at the ASPs on equivalent products like the C330 that’s been selling for almost two years now, we see price declines of around 25%. The other factor is we have brand new products like the nuvi 660 that we’ve spent some time on. I mean a brand new product has a higher price point, and those all reflect into our overall ASP within the business, so we definitely have product mix that would impact that ASP number. Europe in general is probably 20% below the pricing in the U.S. for North American markets.
Peter Barry, Bear Stearns: Now, your comments, the $332 ASP captures a blend of the entire product line, correct?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That is correct.
Peter Barry, Bear Stearns: So relative to that number, are we looking at 5% of 10% assumed declines over any 12-month period of time?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well, I think we’ve seen a similar number to that, as I think I’ve commented on earlier, not only in total but at the automotive mobile. As you look at the PND at 60% roughly of our total business, that’s what is driving auto there. I think these overall are coming down but I don’t think you should put too much stock in one blended ASP. You really have to look at overall pricing in each of the four business segments.
Peter Barry, Bear Stearns: Okay, final question from me. Ad spending, given the influx is meaningful competitors on the PND front and certainly the seasonal factor, your $55 million in the second half gives you about 6.2% ad spend to revenues versus 7.7% in the second quarter last year, should we read anything into that? I mean advertising and brand building are still a very high priority I assume?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Absolutely, I mean if we’re going to spend over $115 million in advertising this year that’s significantly higher than a year ago, so we’re definitely in the brand building mode.
Peter Barry, Bear Stearns: Okay, that’s it for me, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Benjamin from Jefferies and Company. That question has been withdrawn. Your next question comes from Annette Blackwell from Whitman Capital.
Doug Whitman, Whitman Capital: Hi, this is Doug Whitman from Whitman Capital with Dave. I’m a little confused on the inventory question and going back, so if you could just give us a little clarification on the third quarter inventories. We’ve got total inventories of 33.5 and obviously would be happier if the days are lower. I’m just a little confused because I’ve got 145 days, are we missing something here in the way you guys compute inventory days?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I don’t know how you calculate. We typically look at a 12-month rolling forecast and we look at forward looking and not backward looking, because obviously the inventory we have on hand is to support future growth. and when you’re in a growth business like we are selling 64% to 65% a year it doesn’t make sense to look back. I don’t if that’s the difference.
Doug Whitman, Whitman Capital: So, you’re not using normal accounting, you’re using kind of a growth projection?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I don’t know if that’s normal accounting but there two different ways to look at days of inventory, backward or forward. Again, to my earlier point, we look at forward looking because it’s supporting future growth.
Doug Whitman, Whitman Capital: Okay, so when you run the company you look at what you expect your outlook to be when you build your inventories?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah.
Doug Whitman, Whitman Capital: Okay, thank you for the clarification.
Operator: Your next question comes from Rob Sanderson from American Technology Research.
Rob Sanderson, American Technology Research: Hi, good morning, thanks for taking my question. A couple of quick housekeeping and followups; on the housekeeping side, did you provide a unit number in the automotive segment, I think I may have missed that if you did?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: No, we didn’t, I’m sorry Rob.
Rob Sanderson, American Technology Research: Is that something that you can provide?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We’ve never given segment unit data.
Rob Sanderson, American Technology Research: Okay, that’s fine. Then on the taxes, just thinking about next year, I think last quarter there was some discussion about 19% maybe being a good longer term target, do you think that’s a good estimate to be using for ’07 at this point or do you think it might be a little lower than that, what are your thoughts on taxes?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I wold say overall a little bit lower. We have seen a few tax changes in some of our legal entities but I would say 15.5% will be increasing next year, and I would probably put it closer to 17%, maybe 18%, but not as high as 19%.
Rob Sanderson, American Technology Research: Okay, and maybe 19% is good for longer term in the out years or something to that effect, thanks. Just some questions on channel, your comment on retail channel inventory being lean, how regularly do you get updates from your distribution and retailers, is that something that’s a sort of grass root effort or is there more of a formalized way to get a view on visibility into the channel and sell-through?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah, I think depends on the retailer, anywhere from daily to monthly depending on who we talk about. Some of these are very formalized reports that we can go and get, and others we have to more of a grass roots kind of discussion. So, I think we have pretty good visibility especially in the larger types of questions.
Rob Sanderson, American Technology Research: Okay great, that’s helpful. And then finally on channel development effort in Europe, how far along would you say you are into that initiative? I know it’s been a big working progress and you’re showing some good success there, but how far along would you say you are, and then what kind of share do you think would be a reasonable target into ’07 in the European markets?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think we’ve stated in the past, I think we still firmly believe that we should have a higher market share in Europe than we do today. So, if we’re targeting 20% by the end of the year going out of the year we want to see higher going forward. Obviously, I’m not going to quote a specific number, but I think in some cases we made progress in some of the European countries, because you know Rob they are so fragmented and I think we’ve seen that some countries that have done better recently and others that have done worse. So, I guess our goal is to try to improve it across the board in terms of channel fill and channel strategy.
Rob Sanderson, American Technology Research: It’s really to hit the big geographies and the big retailers and distribution first and then fill out as you go, so would you say you’re 75% to 80% of the way there in terms of getting the relationships going in the key markets or is there still further to go in the penetration?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think there’s further to go into penetration.
Rob Sanderson, American Technology Research: Thank you very much guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Anthony Murabito from Fidelity.
Anthony Murabito, Fidelity: Hello gentlemen, I have a more fundamental question. I’m pleased with the great numbers and everything, but I’d like some explanation as to why the stock is down over 14% this morning and the volume sales are over five times normal, does somebody know something that we all don’t?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: That’s a good question. I think we are pleased with the results. I think expectations were higher than what we’re posted as far as results. For the second and third quarter in a row we’ve exceeded EPS expectations and raised guidance, so I don’t know if I can comment any further on that.
Anthony Murabito, Fidelity: There’s no explanation for what’s happening this morning?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I don’t believe we’re the right ones to ask, I think you’ve got to talk to the people moving the market.
Anthony Murabito, Fidelity: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question from Cass Turner, Traffolyte.
Cass Turner, Traffolyte: Hi guys. I’ve been looking at your fourth quarter guidance and I understand the incremental spin in the SG&A line, but it appears there’s a decline in the operating margin, is that something that will continue through 2007?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: If you look at what we’ve implied in terms of operating margin, we’re still looking at a 29% operating margin for the year, but we’re also planning on a lower gross margin as a percentage basis in the fourth quarter. Now whether that will continue is very difficult to predict, but I think it has to do with the auto/mobile segment and overall margins there. So, most of the operating margins again would be related to the gross margin line; I think the operating expenses will come in pretty close to flat on a percentage of sales.
Cass Turner, Traffolyte:
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: We haven’t commented on that, but I don’t have any reason that they wouldn’t because we’re still expecting solid growth in many of our segments next year. We haven’t given any specific 2007 guidance at this point.
Cass Turner, Traffolyte: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Modoff from Deutsche Bank
Brian Modoff, Deutsche Bank: Yeah, coming back to the inventory again, in terms of your finished goods, can you give us any idea where the significant increase is, is this mainly PNDs and the outdoor or are there some other parts of the business, and can you break it down for us a little bit in terms of what areas were subject to the largest increase?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: PNDs and outdoor, you got it; I mean it’s mostly PND.
Brian Modoff, Deutsche Bank: Were the bulk of the sequential increase?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Yeah.
Brian Modoff, Deutsche Bank: And this is driven by orders from customers or anticipated orders?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Both, real orders and anticipated orders.
Brian Modoff, Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Benjamin from Jefferies and Company.
Adam Benjamin, Jefferies & Co: Thanks guys, sorry about that before. I just had a question about the StreetPilot C300 series, that still remains a pretty significant portion of your PND business, and I’m just curious what the impact of that is as that gets phased out in terms of the gross margin line, and then when do you expect that to kind of fully phase down and ramp out? Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Well the C series of the C330 in particular is pretty much phased out already in Europe and it will be phasing out I think over the next several quarters in the U.S. Clearly, it has relatively margins compared to higher price points, so that’s not…the overall PND margin line.
Adam Benjamin, Jefferies & Co: Would you be able to comment just as a percentage of your total PND mix, what it represents today and where you expect it to be at the end of the year?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I will just comment that the nuvi is our number seller and we expect it to continue to be the number one PND product as we go forward, but I’m not going to comment on the futures.
Adam Benjamin, Jefferies & Co: Great, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Willy Tomas from Wang Chow Investments.
Willy Tomas, Wang Chow Investments: Hi guys, just a couple of questions. Can you just talk about the margin differential just so I can try to get an understanding of how that impacted your margins?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: I think relatively speaking, I mentioned earlier roughly 15% to 20% below on price, and there is a different mix of product, as I said the C series has basically gone away. We sell several different price points of the nuvi in Europe. So, overall, it’s definitely lower margin but I’m not going to be able to give you an exact number of how much lower for Europe or North America.
Willy Tomas, Wang Chow Investments: Okay, that’s all I had, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kalpesh Kapadia from C.E. Unterberg.
Kalpesh Kapadia, C.E. Unterberg: Hi gentlemen. Talking about price elasticity, you mentioned that this market is very price elastic and your largest competitor has taken proactive price action, and from what I hear form you is that you reacted in the third quarter being the market leader. Agreed that nuvi has nine different features and that you’re selling on features, but TomTom1 with one single feature that is most important in navigation is priced right, what are you strategies to tackle that with some sort of nuvi light or that kind of product?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: Well, Kalpesh we actually reduced the price of nuvi in Europe so that it is on par price wise, and there’s really no difference there at all. We still believe that nuvi is a stronger product, offers more features and easier to use and is offered at the same price.
Kalpesh Kapadia, C.E. Unterberg: So, how do you see the segmentation in terms of pricing in the U.S., which is your strong hold? Are you going to take proactive action and price your product and segment them correctly, or are you going to react to TomTom again?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: No, I think the market in the U.S. is not as chaotic as in Europe. As we are the brand leader in the U.S., we offer a broad range of products at multiple price points, premium categories, so we have a very comprehensive presence here in the U.S.
Kalpesh Kapadia, C.E. Unterberg: And next question is on C330, there was a question asked earlier, you have 5 series products, C500 series products that are pretty similar to C100 products, so why won’t you phase the 3 series and then just focus on the 5 series which is pretty similar in features and form factors?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: Well, actually that’s not correct. The 5 series does have more features than the 3 series…there is feature differentiation. The C330 has emerged as the value leader in the market…
Kalpesh Kapadia, C.E. Unterberg: Where do you see the price elasticity in the market with different price points, a $500 PND device, a $300 or $200, what is the magic price point for this Christmas in the U.S.?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: That’s a good question. I think most of our experience at this point is under $500 in terms of being the increased volumes there. At this point, I don’t where it’s going to go and the prices will continue to trend down over time, so I don’t think…
Kalpesh Kapadia, C.E. Unterberg: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Windward from Pacific Crest Securities.
Steve Windward, Pacific Crest Securities: Good morning, two questions. First of all with regards to channel inventory, can you talk a little bit of how it changed sequentially from the second quarter to the third quarter, did it actually decline on a weekly sell through basis or how you guys measure that? Secondarily, looking at the value added features of the PND device, namely real-time traffic information, price information with regards to fuel, what kind of level of interest are you seeing in that feature set? Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: When we had exited the second quarter we had introduced several new PND products in particular, so I think we probably had sell-in of the channel. I wouldn’t categorize it as significant, but I would say in general that they have been a bit more of channel inventory, nearly all of the new products. And I think the North American markets particularly sold very well in the third quarter and I think the channels were pretty clean as we exited in the third quarter and as I mentioned earlier we have strong backlog going into the fourth quarter. I think Europe, because of its sequential decline from the second quarter to the third quarter, I think we ended the quarter also with pretty clean inventory in the channels.
Steve Windward, Pacific Crest Securities: Do you target a certain number of weeks that you’re looking at in terms of product on shelves?
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: At the retailers, no; I mean every retailer distributes a little bit differently. We work with each one individually to find out what they require.
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: For your question on traffic, we definitely see growing interest in traffic information delivered to the device. As I mentioned in my remarks we offer comprehensive solutions for our products across the range both in the U.S. and Europe. For example, in the U.K. we offer it newly with a lifetime traffic subscription and in France it’s the same story. Here in the U.S. our C550 as well as our nuvi 660 offer built in traffic receiver and definitely we see it as a differentiator in the market and customers are stepping up.
Steve Windward, Pacific Crest Securities: Any signs of uptake of device penetration range?
Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering: That’s a little bit hard to say. In Europe, in the couple of cases I mentioned, the traffic is bundled with the unit and the lifetime, and several countries in Europe the traffic is free. So if you have a traffic receiver, the customer can always receive that. Here in the U.S. it is a subscription based model and so far most of our products that have been delivered to the market are still operating under a free bundled service for 90 days. So, we don’t have a firm sense yet, but we do see that customers are asking for it and willing to step up to buy this product and to receive the bundles in.
Steve Windward, Pacific Crest Securities: Fair enough, thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you everyone for your questions. I think this ends the call. We look forward to updating you as usual at the end of 2006. Take care and bye.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-08-02 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Polly Schwerdt – Manager, Investor Relations Min Kao – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer Cliff Pemble - Vice President of Engineering Kevin Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer
Analysts: Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers. John Bucher - BMO Capital Markets Bill Benton - William Blair Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch Mike Rappaport - Analyst Mark Robert - Robertson Company Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company Peter Friedland - Soleil Group Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners Rich Valera - Needham & Company J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson Peter Barry - Bear Stearns Steve Mortimer - Wellington Management Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch Steve Windward - Pacific Crest Securities Steven Koffler - Shannon River Partners Mark - Ivory Capital
Operator: My name is Bobby and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Garmin Limited Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks there will be a question and answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you, Ms. Schwerdt, you may begin your conference.
Polly Schwerdt – Manager, Investor Relations: Thank you. Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited's 2006 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin's Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.Garmin.com/stock. Additionally this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and a replay of the webcast will be available until August 30, 2006. A telephone recording will be available for 5 business days after this call, and a transcript of the call will be available on the website within 48 hours at www.Garmin.com/stock under the Events Calendar tab. This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and our plans and objectives are forward-looking statements. The forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering, and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning's call are Dr. Min Kao, Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Kao.
Min Kao – Chairman, Chief Executive Officer: Good morning. From this morning’s press release you can see that we just finished another record quarter. Total revenue and EPS again both exceeded our expectations. Revenue was up 64% year-over-year and EPS was up 65%, or 59% without foreign currency. Over 1.2 million units were shipped in the quarter, up 81% from the same quarter in 2005. We are very pleased with the size of this increase in volume. This raised our total to over 15 million units shipped to date, the highest number of any consumer GPS provider, which speaks for the strength of the Garmin brand. We delivered 15 new products during the quarter. 69% of Q2 revenues was generated from products released within the last 12 months, which demonstrated the subject of our next products. Our worldwide employees increased to over 3800, R&D continues to account for nearly a quarter of our total invoices. Price compression for PND product continued but we are very pleased that it was offset by components of cost reductions and the favorable product mix. Channel sell-through continued to be very strong. As a result of the increased demand from our dealers and distributors, we have experienced some (indiscernible) and high volume PND products. We are pleased to report that our second Taiwan manufacturing facility has been up and run smoothly till the end of May. And we added additional production line in order to meet the anticipated demands in the upcoming holiday season. Additionally we continue to expand our marketing sales infrastructure, including the expectations that we assume acquire a new facility in the UK to support our European growth. Just some highlights for each of our four business segments. Automotive business experienced another quarter triple-digit growth, driven by the strong sales of PND products introduced in late 2005 and early 2006. According to independent market research, Garmin has maintained over 50% of the PND product market in the U.S. In Europe Garmin showed signs of continued improvement, we believe that we are positioned for further improvement, driven by continued focus on our advertising and marketing efforts, combined with a strong product portfolio and the anticipated deliveries of additional new products. In response to our strong growth and positive outlook for the segment, we have designed our growth expectation for 2006 from 75% to 125%. Outdoor/Fitness business was up 24%, driven by the continued strong sales of new products introduced in the early 2006. We believe Garmin has established itself as a leader of GPS enabled device in both running and cyclist markets. We would continue to increase our R&D and marketing efforts to existing markets. In discussing our continued strength, we had also revised our growth expectation for this segment from 15% to 20%. Marine business was actually down 3%, in spite of the positive response to our new product offerings, poor weather and high fuel cost has resulted a soft marine season. We also experienced some backlog on Marine products due to service component shortages. However we continue to believe the marine segment is on track to meet our 2006 guidance of 10% growth. The Aviation segment experienced another quarter of soft growth, due to delays in certain OEM programs and new product introductions. However we are on the way from the deliveries of our 430, 530 watts and GNS 200. Additionally, we announced several exciting cost cutting products at last week’s Oshkosh air show which we look forward to deliver it in 2007. Each new products presents significant long-term growth in future. As a result of this year’s slow start in this segment we have revised our 2006 revenue guidance from 20% to 10%. However we remain very optimistic about the long-term prospects for our aviation business. As moving forward we are optimistic about the remainder of 2006. The total market for PND product is presented to a least level during 2006. We saw strong product portfolio and expanded marketing and advertising campaign. We feel that we are positioned to take advantage of this opportunity. Now we continue to invest heavily in R&D, with R&D expenses expected to exceed $100 million this year and expect to introduce 70 new products in 2006. As a part of our expanded revenue campaign, we will open a retail store on the Michigan Avenue in Chicago to showcase Garmin’s product and technologies. Based on our first half performance and a strong demand for our products we are increasing our outlook for the year. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble, our Vice President of Engineering, who will present a product update. Our CFO Kevin Rauckman will then discuss our financial result and update 2006 guidance.
Cliff Pemble - Vice President of Engineering: Thank you Min, I’ve been looking forward to walking our listeners through the Q2 product highlights. During Q2 we ramped up deliveries of our new portable navigation devices that we introduced this CeBIT show in Hannover March of 2006. The nuvi 310, 360 StreetPilot c550 had a Bluetooth hands free functionality as a major enhancement to our product line. Garmin now offers a comprehensive Bluetooth-enabled product line up and our Bluetooth solution continues to lead the industry in handset compatibility. The StreetPilot c500 series added a brighter display and a high-sensitivity GPS receiver for better usability in the automotive environment. In addition the StreetPilot c550 now offers a unique real-time traffic solution that eliminates additional accessories and wires often down in competitive solutions. These new products have received very favorable press coverage and recommendation by experts in the industry. The c550 was selected by GPS magazine as an Editors' Choice product and the nuvi 360 was selected by PC Magazine as an Editor’s Choice product. In addition these products have received favorable press in Time Magazine and on CBS news. While we’re delighted by the positive press coverage, we’re most excited by the customer acceptance and demand for these products. Turning next to the rental car market, we continue to make progress in providing affordable EVDA (ph) solution for rental car customers. Most recently Avis and Budget rental car introduced the Where2 navigator which is based on our StreetPilot c550. Where2 will be offered to Avis and Budget customers for 995 per day or 4995 per week and will be available in approximately 125 cities in the U.S., Canada, Puerto Rico. The Where2 navigator is the first product to offer Bluetooth hands free calling and real-time traffic updates for the rental car market. These features offer both safety and peace of mind of rental car customers. Where2 was introduced at the National Association of Business Travelers Convention at Chicago and was promoted heavily by Avis and Budget during the show. Just this morning Where2 was featured on the today’s show, complete with a driving demonstration and interviews with Avis management. Going forward we believe that the rental car market will play an important role in enhancing the weariness (ph) environment and our product offerings. Moving to motorcycles we recently introduced two new products for this market. The StreetPilot 2820 and its Bluetooth capability through our existing StreetPilot 2000 series. Riders can know their audible directions using a Bluetooth-enabled headset and can also make and receive phone calls with a Bluetooth-enabled phone. This StreetPilot 2820 has been selected by BMW motorcycles for its Motorrad III Navigator program in the U.S. and Europe. We recently announced a new Zumo motorcycle navigator at the MotoGP US Grand Prix motorcycle race. We are really excited about the Zumo because it’s our first product design specifically for the motorcycle market. The Zumo features left handed controls and a high brightness touch screen display which is usable with both hands. The Zumo also includes Bluetooth enabled headset operation and hands free phone. In our Marine segment we delivered our new GMR 21 and 41 radars which feature 24-inch dome, low profile mounting and high resolution target discrimination. We also introduced our first open array radars the GMR 404 and 406. These new radar scanners are offered in 4-foot and 6-foot antenna configurations and featured target range of up to 72 nautical miles. They also feature digital processing, narrow beam width for great target resolution and they offer an exciting new look that will complement any boat. With the introduction of the GMR 404 and 406 we now offered comprehensive line up of radar solutions for almost any boat and budget. We also began deliveries of our new GPSMAP 378 and 478 chartplotters. These new products are multi-mode devices which are for both pre-loaded marine data from routing activities as well as pre-loaded street maps for car navigation. The GPSMAP 378 is pre-loaded with maps of inland lakes and waterways and the 478 is pre-loaded with our U.S. BlueChart maps for the entire continental U.S., Alaska and Hawaii. In the Aviation market we introduced the GPSMAP 496 at the recent Oshkosh AirVenture show. This product features a built-in Jeppesen database and airport directory by AOPA and a high resolution terrain database. In addition this is the first product to offer our exclusive state taxi chart which provide detail mapping of over 650 airports. The GPSMAP 496 is also a multi-mode device and features pre-loaded street maps of North America with turn-by-turn navigation instructions. Turning next to Experimental Aircraft solution, we introduced the G900X integrated cockpit solution for Experimental Aircraft. As some of you know, kit builders invested significant amount of time, money and emotional energy to create their own custom aircraft. Now, they can take advantage of high-levels of integration, reliability and support offered by the G900X. The G900X is targeted as the most popular kits in the Van’s R and RV family of aircraft. It would be offered as a package complete with mounting hardware and wiring harnesses to make the installation as easy as possible. The installation process will be supported by our distribution network which will be trained in a specific kitplane installation. The G900X will be available in early 2007 and will be offered at a retail price of approximately $66,000. In addition to kitplanes we also introduce the G1000 product configuration specifically for the King Air C90 aircraft. This popular aircraft is known for its utility and low operating cost adding a G1000 system will provide King Air owners to all the benefits of the new factory put aircraft including WAAS-certified navigation, solid-state attitude and digital air data centers, terrain avoidance, weather radar and our GSP 700 digital autopilot system. Expanding on Retrofit solution, Garmin introduce the revolutionary new G600 PFD, MFD combo system. This exciting product will bring the advantages of modern solid state electronics to the broader retrofit market at an affordable price. The G600 include the solid state attitude sensor, a digital air data system and come standard with our SafeTaxi airport maps. Customers can also upgrade the systems [technical difficulty] audio and weather capability, a terrain awareness system that represent charts. Finally, I want to provide an update on the exciting VLJ market. Progress continues on the Cessna Mustang program and we remain on track to support Cessna’s completion goals later this year. We are also making good progress on the Embraer's Phenom program, these exciting new aircraft continued to build momentum in the industry having long over 235 firm orders since its introduction in last fall. At the Oshkosh show Honda made the exciting announcement that they will enter the VLJ market. We’ve been honored to support Honda’s program leaving us to this decision and look forward to working closely with them as the development and certification progresses. Also at Oshkosh Diamond aircraft showcased its new D-Jet VLJ for the first time, the D-Jet will appeal to a broad set of honored customers because of its lower acquisition cost and simple operation. The Diamond customer will be able to experience consistency in the avionics across the entire product line from the single engine DA40 through the D-Jet platform. With that I would like to turn the call over to Kevin to discuss our financial results.
Kevin Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Thank you Cliff, good morning everyone, it’s a pleasure to be able to update everyone on our financial results. And you can see from the press release this morning that numbers were very strong, actually even exceeded our all expectations. First of all my consideration of the announcement on approved 2-for-1 stock split, upcoming on August 15th, I want to make it clear that all the first share amount in this presentation on a pre-stock split basis unless otherwise noted. So looking at the financial summary for the second quarter, you can see that Garmin experienced 64% top line growth and 59% earnings per share growth excluding the foreign currency gain. We did have a $0.02 EPS impact due to this foreign currency gain of 2.9 million. Our growth margins were better than expected due to price erosion offset by the reduced product cost within the period and favorable product mix. The gross margin came in right at 50% even. 31% operating margins were down from last year but better than expected, the gross margins impacted at 290 basis points unfavorable. Our SG&A expenses of nearly 55 million or 20 basis points unfavorable with year ago quarter. R&D although grew, although it grew 51% actually it was 50 basis points favorable on the Q2 ’05 numbers. SG&A was much higher than our first quarter this year due to increased advertising in both U.S. and in European market. And it meant that we shipped nearly 1.3 million units during the quarter across all business segment and our average selling prices during Q2 were $338 per unit which is approximately 3% below our first quarter. Moving next to a view of our segment, you can see from this slide that we experienced strong revenue growth across the automotive mobile segment as well as the outdoor fitness segment during the quarter. Automobile revenue grew over two and a half times our second quarter of ’05 revenue on the strength of our new V C-series and other PND products. Within the automobile segment we now achieved our full-year 2005 revenue numbers during the first half of ’06 and we still expect a strong second half. The outdoor fitness segment continued to exceed expectations and this segment is now 22% up year-to-date. Overall our revenue had grown 65% during the first half of 2006 and the sales of product introduced within the last 12 months increased 59% of our second quarter revenue. Looking next to both segment and geography, differences year-over-year because of the expose of PND market, our automotive mobile segment now represents 59% of our total business growing from 38% of our total business a year ago and up from 47% during Q1 of ‘06. Garmin Europe growth outpaced our North American market growth, and now represents 41% of our total business, which is up from 37% during the second quarter of ‘05. On the revenue by geography, a little bit more information, here North American revenue was up 51% in the second quarter, while our European business increased over 83% during the second quarter. Our Asian sales also grew 69% during the period. The revenue results of 433 million represents the largest single quarter in our Company's history and we’ve now recognized over $750 million of revenue during the first half of 2006. Looking next at our segments, gross margin results on a year-over-year basis. Our second quarter gross margins increased to nearly 60% within both our outdoor/fitness and Marine segments. Q2 gross margins decreased to 66% and 42% within our aviation and automobile segments respectively. We did experienced sequential growth margin improvement in all segments with the exception of the automotive, mobile segment which was flat with our first quarter results at 42% of sales. Favorable product mix as I said and improved product cost per unit, were the main reasons our second quarter gross margins remained at 50% overall. And just doing a quick comparison on the entire, what we used to define as our consumer gross margins, our consumer gross margins from the first quarter to the second quarter came down from 48.1% to 47.6% about 50 basis points. Q2 operating margins increased to 45% and 42% within our outdoor, fitness and Marine segments respectively. Q2 operating margins decreased to 24% and 39% within our automotive, mobile and Aviation segments respectively. The second quarter total operating margins were down 260 basis points due to decline in gross margins and increased advertising during the second quarter. Garmin invested nearly 33 million in advertising during the period. With the exception of our automotive and mobile segment, we expect short-term margins to remain relatively stable despite the possibility of quarter-to-quarter variability due to product mix and the timing of several new product introductions. We also expect that the automotive/mobile segment will experience declining operating margins due to the reduced pricing in the markets and a continued transition towards mass-market levels. Moving next to analysis of our operating expenses during the second quarter, R&D increased $9 million year-over-year in dollar terms but was down 50 basis points to 6.2% of sales. We did add 121 engineers to our engineering team and now we employ over 850 engineers and engineering associates across the company. And as I said we increased our advertising spending and it came in at 7.7% of sales compared with 5.6% of sales in the second quarter of ’05. Our other SG&A however declined 200 basis points down to 4.9% of sales from 6.9% a year ago. Looking next at our balance sheet as we -- during the past the balance remains strong and you can see that our cash during the period increased, cash and marketable securities during the period increased to $830 million. Our accounts receivable did increased up to 296 million due to the increased revenue and accounted for approximately 62 days of sales. We did ship a significant amount of sales in June which move the – higher our balance, however we have collected significant amount approximately $170 million of cash has been collected from this June balance of 296 million. Our inventory dollars were up 28 million over the first quarter but our days of inventory metric declined. At the end of the second quarter, Garmin now holds 91 days of inventory which was down from 100 days in the first quarter of ‘06. Looking at more detail on this inventory balances we hope now at the end of the second quarter 85 million in raw material which is approximately 31 days of inventory. Our work in process and assembling were 47 million of inventory or 19 days of inventory and also we had 110 million in finished goods which represent approximately 41 days of inventory and we ended the quarter with roughly 14 million in inventory reserves. And finally on the balance sheet our retail channel inventory appears to be lean as the sell-through of most of these new products very stronger in second quarter. Our cash flow from operations during the second quarter with 76.2 million, CapEx came in at 11.8 million during Q2. Therefore the free cash flow that we generated during the second quarter was $64.4 million. Cash flow from investing was $22.3 million use of cash during the second quarter, made up of the CapEx that I mentioned of 11.8 million, $10 million net purchase of marketable securities of a two major drivers there. Cash flow from financing was 5.4 million source of cash during Q2 which is generated by 2.8 million proceeds from stock options and source stock options during the period and 2.6 million from a tax benefit related to stock options which is the FAS 123R expensing. We did earn an average of 4.3% on all cash and marketable securities during the second quarter. Couple of other points on financials, we came in with an effective tax rate of 15.5% which is very consistent with our first quarter results and we also had a pretax amount of 2.5 million which is compensation expense due to the fair value of the shares within our stock-option and ESPP plan. Therefore we had $0.02 EPS impact as expected, and due to FAS 123R and we forecast the full-year impact now to be $0.08 per share. Finally on the updated full year guidance you could see from the press release this morning that we raised our guidance, we remain very optimistic about the future success of our business. Now we expect at least 1.6 billion in revenue during 2006 with a double-digit growth across all four of our business segment. We’ve also increased our EPS outlook up to $3.90 per share, excluding the $0.08 per share of expensing of stock options under FAS 123R. The $3.90 is a 43% growth over 2005. After the 2-for-1 stock split out post split EPS guidance is now $1.95 excluding FX and will be using that, as we go forward with our updated and revised guidance hopefully. We've also increased our revenue guidance for automotive mobile segment up to at least 125% growth rate for 2006. We’ve increased our outdoor/fitness growth expectations from 15% up to 20% this year. The Marine segment remained unchanged at 10% and we now reduced our aviation segment growth expectations down from 20% to 10%. We now expect to spend 85 million of CapEx during the year, which includes 10 million for our new Taiwan facility we spent in Q1, 15 million of production equipment, approximately 30 million for the UK headquarters facility that we hope to soon have announcement on which leads approximately 30 million for maintenance CapEx across our business. We have stable pre-split outstanding share counts at $109.5 million shares, in overall we are very excited that we entered into the back half of this year. And those are the updated guidance numbers for Garmin and also concludes my presentation. At this point, it is customary to open up the lines for question and answer session and we’re happy to take any of your questions which you might have.
Operator: [Operator instructions]. Your first question comes from Noelle Swatlandof Lehman Brothers.
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Hi guys, congratulations on a great quarter.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks a lot.
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: I was just hoping you could talk a little bit more about this revised automotive guidance, in particular, I’d be curious to your thoughts on the particular strength in Europe relative to the U.S., also kind of where you see your share moving in the second half of the year. And also just following some of the recent component constraints that I’ll be curious, I think some of the early data for June and July has shown that you all had gained some share at their expense in those months. And then just lastly again just on auto, can you just talk about, after a very strong quarter, at this quarter, kind of what you expect for in terms of seasonality, you could just remind us a normal seasonality entering the third quarter? Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Okay, we just showed Europe is our fast growing market, and I think we’ve seen, continue to see improvements in Europe, we are now satisfied with the progress that we’ve achieved in Europe. I think, recent improvements in Europe have been in certain geographic reasons but not like UK for example. We have continued to improve focus in Europe and believe that we’ve gained some share there. Not necessarily just due to more of our competitors component shortages that just overall strength of our early products. We also hope that because through the second half that we’ll be able to gain share up to approximately 20% of the overall European market. On the U.S. side, we believe or still -- exceeding 50% market share there. So in both geographic regions have been good to us and I hope that will continue. For sequential expectations that we’ve seen early on in Q3, the trends have continued to, we’ve seen our PND market in particular continue to achieve [INAUDIBLE] results and just to remind people though we are going into a somewhat slower season in Europe with holidays and vacation kind of taking all in August and September. We are not going to give any kind of definitive numbers on Q3 in term of expectations. And then what was your final question, there was another?
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: I guess just from a total company perspective, I think historically you said in the third quarter we should, normal seasonality has been around and down 5% sequential. Should we assume similar trend this year even after stronger second quarter?
Kevin Rauckman: I think, yeah, I think its going to be -- anything; it’s going to be single-digit that number probably without giving an exact numbers is probably not too far off. Too much variability right now, as you know we don’t have a large backlog in any given quarters, so business conditions change as we go (indiscernible) but I guess in general there is probably no results or trends that was, say to that numbers as well.
Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Bucher of BMO Capital Markets.
John Bucher – BMO Capital market: Thanks. Here is John Bucher of BMO, question for you all on the backlog as you alluded to some of the commentary. I know last quarter you indicated that there was a fairly significant amount of revenue that couldn’t be realized because of some components scarcities. And I think that you said in the commentary that both Marine and the portable automotive categories experienced some scarcities. Can you just give us some ideas, is this place though, and can you, sort of quantify how much revenue you want to be able to realize because of this?
Kevin Rauckman: Probably want to quantify the amount of mixed opportunity, but you know, as in previous quarters we did experienced some shortages along lead time components. They do include LCDs and other IC components, many of these have 3 to 4 month lead time, and so the lead time, chip components do remain fairly long and as I said we’ve experienced a few, some production storages or constraints. It’s nearly impossible to get a 100% forecasting accuracy within the period, especially whne many of our customers raise demand within the lead time window. So without quantifying I think that’s basically what the curve we’ve been able to manage fairly effectively, but in any quarter we are going leave some revenue on the table.
John Bucher – BMO Capital market: Okay, and then just two more, with the significant mix shift towards PND as a percentage of your overall portfolio? Do you now have any significant customers or significant specific revenue generating products like those that are reaching 5% or more?
Kevin Rauckman: We certainly have customers that are 5%, we don’t have any -- 
John Bucher – BMO Capital market: I mean on the product line?
Kevin Rauckman: We have only 10% customers at this time. On product line?
John Bucher – BMO Capital market: Yes.
Kevin Rauckman: Well, certainly the PND, if you are talking of 59%, the new V and the C-series, both are very high, very strong sellers that makeup roughly 70% to 80% of our PND market, PND sales, we’re quite large.
John Bucher – BMO Capital market: And then in the C-series can you say, the C500 -- gaining significant, are you seeing the typical transition in the new shipment rate between those C300 and C500, is it ramps up? It was actually dominated by the C300 series?
Min Kao: Well, Johnson this country – C500 just have a ramp up, the sparing of C300 very strong.
John Bucher – BMO Capital market: Okay. And then final question on the aviation side, you indicated that you expect that you’re several months away, I think is what you said in terms of the availability of WAAS upgrade for the 430, 530. Do you think that’s a significant cause of overhang right now on aviation and do you anticipate fairly substantial rapid commercial response when that does become available from the standpoint of modeling aviation in the second half this year?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, John there are definitely some indication that the delay of the last 430, 530 is causing some overhang in the market. From every indication it does appear that when we complete that, there will be definitely significant uptake in aviation product.
John Bucher – BMO Capital market: Okay, thank you. I’ll turn it over to somebody else.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Benton of William Blair.
William Benton - William Blair: Good morning guys, congratulations again.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
William Benton - William Blair: First, thanks for supporting Michigan avian (ph) by the way.
Kevin Rauckman: Happy to do so.
William Benton - William Blair: And then, could you, Kevin maybe give us a sense for how correct your view is into the channel, obviously you noted, you had a lot of shipments in the June quarter. I’m just curious how often you’re getting kind of an update in regard to that level in the channel right now?
Kevin Rauckman: I don’t think there is been a significant change there, I believe our major customers that were selling through give us quite -- pretty good visibility into the sell-through in that channel. So, I think just given the success and the popularity of some of the new V and C-series both 3 and Wi series. We feel that the channel inventory is pretty lean right now as I mentioned in my presentation.
William Benton – William Blair: Okay. And then how much of your back half expectation for automotive growth in Europe is really attributable to market share which is market growth in your opinion, just from your angle. I know you said you expect, may be I don’t know what are you thinking right now in the 12% range or somewhere between 20%?
Kevin Rauckman: We haven’t seen all the recent state of it, we are probably in the mid teens right now going up to -- hope to get at least 20 by the end of the year. To hardly quantify how much of that is market share growth and how much that is market expansion that it’s obviously both, for planning for the back half of the year.
William Benton – William Blair: Okay. And then just a bigger picture and I guess it goes a little bit on to may be John’s question, c300 versus c500. Are you seeing anything in terms of as you are ruling out these new products? You guys obviously get a price premium on the new products versus the existence of the old product. Are you seeing enough differentiation in those products with the customers relates though, want to trade up and pay the extra money, on those new products versus may be just staying out on certain strip down version at the lower price point?
Min Kao: Yeah I think definitions version (ph) has been received there well, and was ranking number 2 of (indiscernible) product of this country. So, definitely there are significant number of customers who will otherwise pay premium by the best.
William Benton – William Blair: Okay and there is not been, you not seen any shift there, I guess, I guess it’s too early to talk, may be the 500 series versus the 300 series will be the most. Could you get a break point back on the new V thing, but may be that comparison is too early to tell what customers are doing in terms of buying patterns then?
Min Kao: I think that’s correct.
William Benton – William Blair: Okay. Okay great guys, thanks again.
Min Kao: Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ron Epstein of Merrill Lynch.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Good morning guys.
Min Kao: Good morning.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Couple of questions for you. One, Kevin, what are you going to do with all the cash, you guys are building up a quite a stock power cash in the balance sheet and in terms of capital deployment what are you thinking?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah we’ve, you saw on our balance sheet, I didn’t highlighted but we have 108 million of dividend on the balance sheet. But first of all, we are doubling the dividend, I think we are continuing to look at strategic acquisitions, quite honestly we spent considerably more time in that arena in the last couple of quarter. So, we are looking to try to do some folding acquisitions where they make sense. But those are two of the major use of that, in addition to our own reinvestment as you saw from the increased CapEx. So, those are two or three major strategic areas for cash.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Now you guys, you’ve announced the one retail outlet, are you planning to do more or just going to be sort of the quiet show.
Min Kao: Well, we see the (indiscernible), so at this time we have no plan to go beyond this one.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then I guess a question for Cliff, when we think about modeling out demand for the G600, and the G900, I mean, how should we think about it? Because we need, we just kind of need a starting point when we built out our model. So, what if you could give us any color on what kind of demand you think you are going to see for that product when it’s introduced would be helpful, this product I guess.
Cliff Pemble: The G900 may be talking that one first, it’s targeted out of specific set of kitplanes, and so well it’s a great product and has a nice price. I think the overall market of that compared to larger retrofit or larger G1000 market its going to be fairly small. For the G600, I think we are entering into really new territory in terms of the retrofit market. We have every reason to believe that it will be a very large market just based on our 430 and 530 experience and the product is designed to work with our install base of 430 and 530 customers. So, we believe that there could be a potentially large uptake in that product 
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Thank you, I know it was a difficult question for you to answer, but can you plan for some sort of balance on March, just -- when we think about modeling, we need some place to start. You know what I mean? No, you cannot. Alright, so…
Min Kao: We are so excited, as our numbers.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay, now do you guys put the G1000 on the King Air C90? Can that be moved up to the B200 or the 350?
Kevin Rauckman: I would anticipate there will be path to that, yes.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay, that’s great. And, I think that’s it for now, thanks.
Min Kao: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Rappaport with (indiscernible)
Mike Rappaport – Analyst: Good morning and thanks for another great quarter, I had a question for Cliff or Min. You did the C90, is it the King Air 5 or the Citation 500 series or would they give them RVSM, a pretty nimble solution and maybe a path to it?
Kevin Rauckman: I think if we did a 500 definitely we have to include RVSM, but a project like that is very complicated.
Mike Rappaport – Analyst: Okay is there a much different time line on that than the King Air?
Kevin Rauckman: Well at this time we really don’t have any activity going on other programs.
Mike Rappaport – Analyst: Okay. Thanks again for the great quarter and will talk to you soon.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Robert of Robertson Company.
Mark Robert - Robertson Company: Thank you, good morning. Congratulations on a good quarter. Cliff can you give us a sense from your, to the extent you will disclose it on your marketing studies for the third and fourth quarter how the channel mix will change as we go into the fourth quarter or we’re going to see dramatic increase in catalog sales or is it going to be more retail if you could put some color around that?
Cliff Pemble: We would think that the big box retailers are really going to dominate the overall sales picture with our product line as second city that’s by those kind of places.
Mark Robert - Robertson Company: Are you seeing any particular channel either in the U.S. or Europe that or you are seeing increase in revenue mix?
Cliff Pemble: Definitely that’s big box retailers are doing a great job right now with the product offering.
Mark Robert - Robertson Company: So, as a mix should we continue to conclude that the catalog in online channel as a percent will continue to go down?
Cliff Pemble: I think it will go down, I think it’s growing with the entire category.
Mark Robert - Robertson Company: Okay, thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks Mark.
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Benjamin of Jefferies & Company.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Thanks. Can you give a little more granularity with respect to the automotive in mobile pocket as to how much of that is represented by the PND specifically say the nuvis and the StreetPilot series?
Kevin Rauckman: Well, that kind of a little earlier, depending on what you’re talking U.S. or Europe, moving in the C-series combine make up about 70% to 80% of the total PND space for us right now.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Right, right, you said of the PND space but of the total automotive.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, PND is a significant, very significant portion the mobile aspect right now or mobile part of the automotive mobile is very, very small. We’ve seen increased subscribers with our strength relationship but not at a significant level really.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Okay, so is it fair to assume maybe 90+%.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah.
Adam Benjamin - Jefferies & Company: Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Jeff Evanson of Dougherty & Company.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Good morning. Thank you for taking my question.  Hi Jeff.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Cliff, do you think the G600 could achieve the same penetration as the 430, 530 radios have?
Cliff Pemble: Yeah, certainly hope so.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Company: Yeah, and so do we. Different way of asking the question previously I asked, lets talk a little bit about PNDs, I’d like to know what kind of ASP compression you saw here maybe sequentially from Q1 to Q2 and when you suggested that component reductions, cost reductions were helping or a contributing factor and sustaining the GM sequentially, given your ramped up at Taiwan plants here in May, are there possibly some efficiency gains to go in the back half of the year to offset some further ASP compression in the back half?
Min Kao: Yeah, certainly Jeff, as we reach the high level of volume, there is always room for improvement and efficiency.
Kevin Rauckman: And then Jeff on the ASP, just within the automobile segment we saw single-digit ASP decline between Q1 and Q2.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty Company: Can you give us some sense of how you offset that between components and efficiency gains in the quarter? Is it a 60, 40 preposition skew towards components or is it more skewed than that?
Kevin Rauckman: It is more skewed than that. Components reported more than that.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty Company: Okay, guess if I have a concern here, it would be that, do you feel you have sufficient inventories to meet back half holiday related demand. We could say that for a situation here where there is a bit of a rush to the suppliers going on in Q3 here. Do you feel you are well positioned there? And what are some things you maybe doing to mitigate some of the component shortages and backlog issues we’re seeing?
Min Kao: Yeah, frankly, we do have concern about that too, you can see first of the yield, we will keep around to component and product shortage problems, but in order to mitigate it, first now we have a new width, in the first half the yield also run to lashing half of different trend and we feel that these another second facility we are just operating one right now, we pretty much mitigate the production capacity concerned. As for the material is concerned, we try to be more aggressive and try to work much harder on the lumpy part, but again we just don’t know how explosive the market will be for the second half of the year.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, Jeff we guess, we’ve reached two level of inventory now, couple of quarters…
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty Company: Exactly, Cliff this is a question for you related to your PND new products cycle plans. It seems though you are kicking out new PND models, I guess in excess of two last year to closest competitor, do you feel that’s, that you need to maintain that rate of new product introductions in that category or do you see yourself scaling that back a little bit?
Cliff Pemble: Well, I think first of all, I would say your comment in very much a compliment to our R&D side. We are working very hard to bring the products out. I think some of the new products that we’ve introduced so far this year were a bit of a catch up pace, so they did get come out at a faster rate. That said though we still have a lot of backlog of development activities that we are working on, so I would anticipate some rollout moving towards into 2007.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty Company: Okay and then I apologies for all these questions. My last one here, without discouraging our friends at the FAA, could you describe what’s lead to the WAAS upgrade delays?
Cliff Pemble: Well WAAS equipment is some of the most complex equipment that we are producing and involves a lot of certification detail, involves a lot of development detail and we are essentially taking a chronic line that was developed and certified under different rules and regulations meaning c129 and what WAAS is today. So quite honestly I think we underestimated the amount of work it takes to do that and we are working very hard to get there now and we’ve expanded our staff and added outside resources to help us out but its still a very good job.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty Company: My understanding is the regulators that been kind of moving the target on, you do?
Cliff Pemble: I guess from my prospective I feel like there is been a high level of cooperation with the FAA and I think they are very motivated to get this out to market because they realize that the large install base of our customers represents a huge opportunity to promote the benefits of the WAAS system.
Jeff Evanson – Dougherty Company: Okay, great thanks a lot.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Friedland of the Soleil Group.
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Hey guys a few things, first on the new products you are planning for the remainder of the year, could you try to break those out by category roughly?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think we’ll continue to have some automotive and mobile offerings that will becoming shortly some of those that we’ve already announced like VMO (ph) and we got some OEM versions of our C-series that will be coming out as well. And then the rest are really dominated by aviation products that will be rolling into Mustang as soon as it’s completed.
 Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Okay and then follow-up to another question, is the percentage of your PND revenue or unit volume roughly speaking, what percent of that goes through the big box retailers?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah we don’t use to quantify that but I think that, Cliff’s earlier points, I think the trends are basically the same, I think its still obviously decline market. The U.S. market is still significant portion going to the big box retailers and don’t see a significant mix shift over time there.
 Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: And then on the marine business, the seasonality that you should have be generally the same as in previous years where Q3 as we then it comes back up a bit in Q4?
Min Kao: Yeah that is will be true.
 Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Okay, great thank you.
Min Kao: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Jim Duffy with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you, hello everyone.
Min Kao: Hi Jim.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Can you speak specifically to some things that you are doing to improve your presence in Europe, certainly you ramped up the advertising spend there. What is some other kind of changes in Europe market strategy that it helps your presence?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we talked earlier with you and others about the additional staffing and resources in marketing that we try to put in place. We set lot more focus in working with each of our distributors in the various countries. And working on specific promotional activities to try to push the demand in each of those countries and then obviously the TV advertisement and the overall advertising campaign that you mentioned, I think all three of those combined, so provided I guess, stronger focus in the European market.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: As you look at your advertising spends, how is it split between the U.S. market and Europe?
Kevin Rauckman: In Q2 it just a little bit greater toward the U.S. side.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. And clearly your efforts are working with the share gains you’re seeing, some of your suppliers are suggesting that the market growth may be slowing in Europe, are you seeing any indications of this or do you believe that to be a valid point or give a different perspective.
Min Kao: We talk a lot the second quarter or going forward?
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Looking forward?
Min Kao: Looking forward, we have mentioned that an indication.
Kevin Rauckman: And our suppliers probably will have visibility to the product mix in Europe versus U.S., so I am not sure what comment that we have.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay and then final question on acquisition strategy what type of entities would you see is being nice tuck-ins to the portfolio?
Kevin Rauckman: I think, the main thing as we communicate in the past with technology oriented, its something that could help in the existing four segment that we, that we’re already serving, either in engineering team or technology that we could again hold in and help us a few more competitive and whatever market, depending on whether its PND or aviation or even Marine.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: So, wouldn’t be something that surely brings you into other market?
Kevin Rauckman: No, we’re not looking at any major new market at this point.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, thanks so much. Nice quarter.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Rich Valera of Needham & Company. Hello Rich, your line is open.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: Thank you, with respect to the component price decline seems to be helping? Do you have any view on how component price will likely trend in the second half? Do you expect to continue to benefit from this price decline?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, we’re seeing continue the down trend in certain key component.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: And do you have any view of sort of a longer-term trend there? You think that something that is a pretty steady and longer-term trend you expect to see?
Kevin Rauckman: Just can’t really comment on whether or not the specific trends and rates will continue, I think component continue to come down generally within the markets and as you look at some of the key components like memory typically what start to happen is the density starts to increase as prices start move.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: Great and Kevin, just to make sure I am clear, your 390 per share of EPS does that include or exclude the $0.08 of FAS 123?
Kevin Rauckman: That exclude.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: Exclude?
Kevin Rauckman: I’m sorry, that’s include, you said 390 or 398, I’m sorry?
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: The 390.
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah the 390 included.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: Okay, the 398 excluding?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes, yes.
Richard Valera - Needham & Company: Okay, that’s it for me. Thanks guys.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of J.B. Groh with D.A. Davidson.
Groh - D.A. Davidson: Good morning guys.
Groh - D.A. Davidson: Maybe you could help me out on this 430, 530 question, how it relates to the G600. Of the 430s and 530s you sell, could you give us a characterization of what’s going in the new aircraft and what percent is retrofit, because I’m guessing that the brand new stuffs probably not a good candidate for G600 but the retrofit would be?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah the 430, 530 is really has a small presence in OEM especially as we’ve taken some of our key customers to the integrated cockpit solution. So the majority sales there is really in the retrofit market.
Groh - D.A. Davidson: Okay. Do you have a install base number?
Kevin Rauckman: It’s over 60,000 units in the field.
Groh - D.A. Davidson: Some people double up on those?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes they do.
Groh - D.A. Davidson: Okay. And then given the 10% guidance for ’06 on the aviation, it seems like there will be a pretty significant ramp, I think this question is kind of answering in other way, but it’s most of that ramp in the second half just a removal of the delays on the certification or this new product sales play into that as well?
Kevin Rauckman: I think, mostly the certification completion.
Groh - D.A. Davidson: So, you got a little pent up demand that’s going to fall in the second half?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes.
Groh - D.A. Davidson: And then last question, the margin in outdoor and fitness was pretty good, you may have answered this question but what kind of that strengthened and I guess you would expect those margins to go down a long way.
Kevin Rauckman: I think the benefit there is that, we’ve seen fairly flat pricing and yet we’ve been able to experience some cost reduction. So, and then the overall unit volume picked up as well, so all of those run our favorite that’s why that kind of drove up the margin in the second quarter.
Groh - D.A. Davidson: Great, thanks a lot guys, congratulations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Barry with Bear Stearns.
Peter Barry - Bear Stearns: Good afternoon for all, good morning.
Kevin Rauckman: Hi Peter.
Peter Barry - Bear Stearns: Kevin can I ask you what ASP assumptions you’ve made as it relates to your guidance for the second half that takes us to the full-year numbers?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I am not going to, I mean I am going give an exact number but we certainly expect the PND market to become more price competitive both in the U.S. and Europe. So, I mentioned single-digit from Q1 to Q2 which is not only price reduction but also product mix implications, but definitely pricing coming down especially in the holiday season.
Peter Barry - Bear Stearns: Of the component ASP relationship will probably be much the same in the second half as it was in the fist half?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we still continue to see component with cost reductions, we are all projecting that as I mentioned in my presentation that overall gross margins will continue to come down in the automotive mobile segment.
Peter Barry - Bear Stearns: As you set up to the second half, obviously a very important time of the year for you. Do you note any significant differences this year from last year, I think you remember you are going to have one less week in the fourth quarter than you did in the last year. Certainly the comparisons aren’t going to be easy given out strong fourth quarter you have last year. Could you sort of address those issues and any other things you see slightly or significantly different today from where we were a year ago?
Min Kao: Oh yeah, we don’t really worry about difference between 52 or 53 weeks.
Kevin Rauckman: Clearly not a whole lot of difference, last year seem like a long time ago too. We consider with the market moving.
Peter Barry - Bear Stearns: And just one final one from me, I just want to make sure I heard correctly, your current European market share is about 15% and expected to go to 20% by year-end.
Kevin Rauckman: It’s roughly the numbers we think were considering that right now, yeah.
Peter Barry - Bear Stearns: PND?
Kevin Rauckman: PND.
Peter Barry - Bear Stearns: Thank you very much.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up question from the line of John Bucher with BMO Capital market.
John Bucher - BMO Capital: Thank you just sort of a house keeping question here, the other accrued expenses, they grew to 70 million from 29 million, Kevin what accounts for that?
Kevin Rauckman: Actually quite of few factors in that, things like we clearly for marketing expenses, from advertising dollars, accrued licensing fees, our warranty reserves and payroll, kind of those are, kind of a falling (indiscernible) that line.
John Bucher - BMO Capital: And going forward, can you help us out, just in terms of whether we should expect that same percentage type of growth going on, just top modeling that line?
Kevin Rauckman: Well some of those are accounting with unit volumes depending on how, for example our marketing programs, if the unit volumes goes up obviously will have accrued sales program marketing programs there. But there number of, probably not go back down to the earlier level that would stay further high.
John Bucher - BMO Capital: Okay and then may be just sort of try together some of the previous questions on the after market, greater cockpit the G900X and G600. Would it be reasonable to assume that we could take a look at the unit shipment rates of the RV series in the Lancer aircraft and since the G900X does not require any STCs or any certification that we could make some sort of take rate assumptions there of the base of RV and Lancers as soon as that product becomes available. And for the G600 is probably more protracted take up just because you got qualified installers as well as sort of that group or, the FTC process that you got to get up that’s probably more gradual ramp.
Kevin Rauckman: I would agree with both of your comments, John.
John Bucher - BMO Capital: Fine.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Mortimer with Wellington Management.
Steve Mortimer - Wellington Management: Hi guys in the past you guys have seen a lot of gross margin frustrating the prior transition quarters like we just went through in a rebound thereafter. Did we see the same sort of impact on gross margins despite the good results, it could have been, with that imply we can see a margin pick up actually in Q3?
Kevin Rauckman: We are not predicting a strong margin pick up in Q3 now.
Steve Mortimer - Wellington Management: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ron Epstein with Merrill Lynch.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Hey gentlemen, more house keeping question. When we think about the tax rate for this year, (indiscernible) next year but for me I guess but it’s going to ramp up overtime, how should we think about it?
Kevin Rauckman: We’ve communicated as that rate will likely go into the upper teens for the next couple of years probably 20% better rate longer-term.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay so long-term we should be thinking about 20%?
Kevin Rauckman: That’s right.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then just in the marketable securities what do you guys having there?
Kevin Rauckman: After the tax advance and taxable bonds, high quality, upgrade investments.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: So what we think about, I guess some revenue, let me think about your return on your cash and marketable securities is 4%, the kind of range you should be thinking about or?
Kevin Rauckman: Right now, as you know the rate that’s been pretty, we were fluctuating, and then its trending up. I mean …
Ronald Epstein from Merrill Lynch: Yeah.
Kevin Rauckman: You’re seeing a 2.5%, there are 4.3 this quarter and hopefully that were, I think what compared that, so it’s really citing with the feb range.
Ronald Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So yes, if you think about kind of what (indiscernible) is doing, that should give us to kind of this guideline, guideline what’s going on with your return on cash and marketable securities?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes.
Ronald Epstein from Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Windward with Pacific Crest Securities.
 Steve Windward - Pacific Crest Securities : Good morning. With regards to the success in Europe you talk a little bit about the advertising initiatives. I guess, I was curious with regards to kind of point of problems and what changes we’ve seen on a sequential basis and any initial path on what we might see in terms of the second half and on further penetration? Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: You are asking number of retailers, number of, matter of sales base, what are you asking?
 Steve Windward - Pacific Crest Securities : Primarily retailers are, yeah, I mean, number of locations that you are selling product.
Kevin Rauckman: It is hard for us to predict what kind of presence going to increase in the second half, we just feel like given the product we have in the marketplace that we’ve introduced relationship that we have in the various countries, distributors that we feel like we’re going to be able to continue growth in Europe but I’m not going to quantify, I mean in doors more doors we’re going to be added...
 Steve Windward - Pacific Crest Securities : How about looking backward, what -- how much the change that we seen in terms of channel expansion from the end of the year to the end of the first half here?
Min Kao: Though we differentiate in size of continued improvement, but your market is more recommended and hence compressed on the U.S. market so I think, I am not, we had seen enough of that, in certain countries and all continue to work in other, for the rest of the U.S., it just take much time and effort to achieve a penny European (indiscernible)
 Steve Windward - Pacific Crest Securities : Sure okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Steven Koffler, Shannon River Partners.
Steven Koffler - Shannon River Partners: Good morning Kevin just little further on the balance sheet, you talked about the fact that receivables went up fair amount and indicated that was sort of big ramp in June, what was the reason for June, be in a pretty heavy month.
Min Kao: Probably that I think, for new product (indiscernible) probably ship until may be early April or late May. And it is part of the (indiscernible) constraint. Our second factory running by the end of the May, we are able to have lot more products to fill the back orders
Steven Koffler - Shannon River Partners: Okay given the seasonality, summer usually slower everywhere, is it fair to expect similar kind of linearity or the supply issues can direct that.
Min Kao: We had increased strong on July as we ended August, what is a set of month (indiscernible) in Europe as everybody going vocation.
Steven Koffler - Shannon River Partners: Okay
Min Kao: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark (indiscernible) with Ivory Capital.
 Mark – Ivory Capital : Hi guys congrats on a great quarter
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you
 Mark – Ivory Capital : I just had a quick follow-up question, somebody answered earlier about that tax rate, we’ve seen another company with similar tax structured, Trident talked about on 800 and 1800 basis point increase in their tax rate. And I am just curious if there is any changes in kind of a Taiwan tax credits or structures over there that you guys are experiencing?
Kevin Rauckman: No, hard assumptions is that there is an AMT that kicks in, that’s going to raise the rates but nothing of that order of magnitude that you just talk about with the other company, we feel we have a pretty good hand on the Taiwan tax credit that we get.
 Mark – Ivory Capital : Okay gotcha. So that’s, with Trident that’s a completely different situation?
Kevin Rauckman: I don’t know, I can’t speak to their specifics.
 Mark – Ivory Capital : Okay gotcha. But again kind of taking up to the high teens and kind of leveling at 20%.
Kevin Rauckman: Right.
 Mark – Ivory Capital : Okay. And then secondly just wanted to touch on the cell phone navigation by, I know Verizon recently introduced an offering with a monthly subscription. I am curious if you are seeing one any impact on PND sales there and as just kind of what your outlook is overall. And then lastly what you are doing more on the mobile side, if you can just give me an update?
Kevin Rauckman: Sure, we haven’t seen any detectable difference in PND sales based on the presence of Verizon or our Garmin Mobile. At that point out there, I think we said in the past that we want to participate in that space because it’s a great way to get introduced to customers that might be willing to purchase a mobile navigator on a monthly basis and then later decides that he want some other kind of Garmin product to dedicate the license sometime. So we think that there is a lot of synergy between the two market truthfully, I think in terms of Garmin Mobile, we did recently introduced our version three which introduces real time traffic and gas practice into the application right and now we are on the, I believe the only provider that can offer real time traffic and gas practice and weather in our application at a low price of 995. So we are really excited about that new update and we also rolled it out on the IBM network to spread.
 Mark – Ivory Capital : Perfect, thank you guys.
Kevin Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer: Okay thank you. I think at this point we are going to conclude the call, I really appreciate the interest and again our company will look forward to updating everyone again at the end of the third quarter. So thanks again. I will talk to you later.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman this concludes today’s conference call, you may now disconnect.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-05-03 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Dr. Min Kao - Chairman and CEO Kevin Rauckman - Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Cliff Pemble - Vice President of Engineering Andrew Etkind - General Counsel & Secretary Polly Schwerdt - Manager, Investor Relations
Analysts: John Bucher - Harris Nesbitt  Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Co.  Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley  Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers  Bill Benton - William Blair  Rich Valera - Needham & Co.  J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson  Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners  Peter Friedland - Soleil Group  Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch  Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co. Peter Vogel - The Boston Company  Chris Sippel - Blueline Capital 
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Myles and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Garmin First Quarter Earnings Release. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star, then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star, then the number two. Thank you.  I will now turn the call over to Ms. Polly Schwerdt, manager of Investor Relations. Madam, you may begin your conference. 
Polly Schwerdt: Thank you. Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited’s 2006 first quarter earnings call. Please note a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin’s investor relations site on the internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the internet and a replay of the webcast will be available until June 2, 2006. A telephone recording will be available for 24 hours after this call, and a transcript of the call will be available on the website within 48 hours at www.garmin.com/stock under the Event Calendar tab.  This earnings call includes projections and other forward-looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products, and our plans and objectives, are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur, and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our form 10K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Cliff Pemble, Vice President of Engineering; and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning’s call are Dr. Min Kao, Cliff Pemble, and Kevin Rauckman.  At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Kao. 
 Dr. Min Kao : Good morning. From the press release, you can see that we had a very good quarter. Total revenue and EPS both exceeded our expectations. Revenue was up 57% year over year. We are especially pleased that it was up sequentially from the seasonally strongest fourth quarter.  Over 920,000 units were shipped, up [68%] from the same quarter last year. This brings our total to 15 million units shipped to date, the highest number of any consumer GPS provider, which speaks for the strength of the Garmin brand.  We delivered 34 new products in Q1, a very significant achievement. Over 50% of Q1 earnings were generated from products released within the last 12 months. Our worldwide employees increased to over 3,200, and R&D continues to account for nearly a quarter of our total [invoices]. We’ve seen some price erosion in the PND market, but it was partially offset by cost reductions and favorable product mix.  Channel sell-through has been very strong. Many retailers have actually increased their orders for our products. As a result of this increased demand, we have experienced some product shortages due to constraints of our production capacity in certain long lead components. To meet the increasing demand, we have completed the purchase of our second Taiwan manufacturing facility with production to begin in a few weeks.  Additionally we continue to expand our marketing sales infrastructure, including an addition of a new facility in the UK. Just some highlights for each of our four business segments. Automotive business was up 252, driven by the strong sales of PND products introduced into those lines. According to an independent market research, Garmin has over 50% of the PND market in the U.S.  In Europe, Garmin showed signs of gaining market share into low double digits. We believe that we are positioned for further improvement, given the anticipated delivery of new products in Q2.  Outdoor/Fitness business was up 21%, driven by the strong sales of new products introduced in Q1. and we expect continues strength driven by the new products. We believe Garmin has established itself as a leader of GPS enabled devices in both the running and cyclist markets. Marine markets were also up 21%, also driven by the strong sales of new products introduced in Q1, which include our new mapping and digital technologies. We also expect continued strength on these new products during the current marine selling season.  Aviation business experienced a much smaller growth, only 4%, when compared to an equally strong first quarter last year. However, we expect this segment to go faster going forward, driven by the completion of the current [inaudible] certification, and the new promotion program.  As we go forward, we are optimistic about the remainder of 2006. The total market for PND products is projected to nearly double this year. With our strong product portfolio and an expanded advertising campaign, we feel that we are well-positioned. We will continue to invest heavily in R&D, and expect to introduce a total of 60 new products in 2006.  Based upon our first quarter performance, and the strong demand for our new products, we are increasing our outlook for the year.  Finally, in light of the strong financial performance and continued growth opportunities, our board has approved a two-for-one stock split, and the doubling of our annual dividends in 2006.  With that, I will turn the call over to Cliff Pemble, our Vice President of Engineering, who will present a product update. Kevin Rauckman will then discuss our financial results and updated 2006 guidance. 
Cliff Pemble: Thank you, Min. I have been looking forward to briefing investors on our Q1 product highlights. Last quarter was one of the most exciting periods in Garmin history. To recap Min’s comments, we delivered 34 new products to the market during Q1, which is a record achievement for our engineering team. This morning I am going to provide a few highlights of what has been accomplished.  At this year’s [FEBIT] show, we expanded our PND product family with the introduction of the StreetPilot C-500 series, and the addition of two new products to our nüvi line, the nüvi 310 and nüvi 360. Our new StreetPilot C-500 series inherits all the strengths of the popular C-300 series, like acclaimed ease-of-use and dual speakers for rich sound quality. The C-500 series adds many of the industry leading features found in the nüvi, such as travel guides, audio book and MP3 players, a high sensitivity GPS, and a brighter display.  But the big news is the addition of Bluetooth capability for hands-free calling. Our Bluetooth solution features high-quality audio and our software is compatible with approximately 200 handsets, which is nearly three times more than competitive offerings.  In addition, we’ve added a unique location-enabled theft protection system called Garmin Lock, and we’ve designed a line of innovative power adapters, which integrate a real-time traffic receiver into the cable, making our traffic solution much cleaner than solutions offered by competitors. For the nüvi, we also added Bluetooth capability and the Garmin Lock Best Protection System. The nüvi has experienced strong demand at its initial introduction last year. We anticipate that the addition of these features will make the nüvi an irresistible choice for customers looking for elegant, ease of use, and expandable capability all in one package.  In addition to our PND’s, Garmin introduced exciting new solutions for Smart Phone users. Our Garmin Mobile 20 is one of the first of its kind to offer four-in-one utility for Smart Phones, a Bluetooth enabled GPS, hands-free speaker phone capability, turn-by-turn navigation, and an innovative mounting system for the vehicle. Garmin Mobile 20 provides more than turn-by-turn navigation. It also offers real-time content powered by our Garmin online data servers, such as real-time traffic, weather conditions, gas prices, a location enabled discount finder, and safety camera databases.  In the fitness market, we delivered our new four-runner 205 and 305 products. These new devices offer a high sensitivity GPS receiver and exciting new software enhancement, all combined in a sleek, watch-like form factor. We delivered our new Edge product line, designed to exclusively for cyclists. The Edge has quickly become the must-have device for cyclists around the world, as it is the only product to offer speed and distance monitoring with wireless heart rate and cadence sensor capability in an elegant yet robust package.  Our fitness products include Garmin training center software, which allows users to manager their own workout data on a personal computer, and our entire line of fitness products is compatible with our motion-based web portal, which allows users to analyze, archive and share workout data with other motion-based users around the world.  In the outdoor market, we expanded our offerings with our new X series products. Our new GPS 60 CX and CSX add a high sensitivity GPS receiver for best performance when operating in dense foliage and other obscured signal conditions. Both the 60 X series and eTrex X series feature a MicroSD memory card slot, which allows the user to expand the available memory per mass and user information, or they can choose to purchase one of many pre-programmed data cards offered by Garmin, which contain detailed inland lakes and topographic information, as well as our popular BlueChart data for mariners.  In our Marine line, Garmin launched 15 new products during a coordinated rollout occurring March 25th with our marine retail partners. This rollout was considered a success, and we see continued strength in our marine product line moving into the latter part of this season.  In addition to the 15 new products delivered during the first quarter, we also introduced new products in our marine portable and radar product lines. GPSMAP’s 378 and 478 offer exciting new capabilities in our marine portable products lineup. The GPSMAP 378 offers a pre-programmed map containing detailed inland lakes information combined with street-level mapping information provided by MapTech. The GPSMAP 478 offers pre-programmed maps containing detailed BlueCharts combined with MapTech maps. Both of these products include an automotive kit which provides out of the box, turn-by-turn navigation capability with voice prompts, and can display real-time weather information using the optional GXM30 XM data receiver.  In our radar product line, Garmin introduced two new products -- the 2-kilowatt GMR 21 and the 4-kilowatt GMR 41. These new radars are housed in a smaller 24-inch dome with low vertical profile, which increases flexibility and mounting. These radars also feature our narrow beam width intended technology for better target resolution and digital display processing with Ethernet connections, making it easy to add radar capability to the Garmin marine network.  In the aviation market, the GPSMAP 396 continues to be a strong seller. This product has a unique position in the market as the only portable navigator with real-time weather capability provided by XM. During Q1, we completed certification of the Columbia 400 with the G1000 integrated cockpit system. Columbia 400 includes dual 10.4 inch displays mounted in an instrument panel which rivals the look of a premium luxury car. In addition, it includes our new keyboard controller, the GCU476, and the aircraft also includes our GSC700 flight control system.  We continue to make progress in the development of our G1000 system for the very light jet market. The Cessna Mustang program is nearing the final stages of flight-test certification and is on track for completion in the second half of ’06.  Recently, Diamond Aircraft flew their new D-Jet, DLJ, for the very first time with good results. The Embraer's Phenom 100 and 300 project is well underway, and we recently completed a critical design review on the program. Finally, we continue to work with Honda as they develop their proof of concept jet aircraft.  The population of G1000 equipped aircraft continues to grow. During Q1, we delivered over 300 new systems to aircraft manufacturers, and the total population of G1000 equipped aircraft exceeds 1800 units. We continue to enjoy a strong relationship with the industry’s finest players. We are honored to be a key supplier to Cessna, Cirrus Design, Columbia, Diamond, Embry Air, Honda, Kodiak, New Piper, Ratheon, and Tiger Aircraft. We are working hard to support these OEM customers in the exciting general aviation market.  With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin who will be giving the financial presentation. 
 Kevin Rauckman : Thanks, Cliff. It’s a pleasure to be able to update you all on the financial results from the first quarter. As you can see, we have very strong performance, and I’m going to walk you through first of all a summary.  As you can see, our top line revenue growth was 67%. That was our EPS growth this quarter at 86%. We did see a $0.06 EPS impact due to a foreign currency loss of a little over $7 million, and overall our bottom line without foreign currency impact was around 65%, so 67% top line, 65% bottom line without FX. Gross margins during the quarter at 50.5% were better than expected due to price erosion, which was offset by reduced product costs and favorable product mix during the period. Looking at our operating margins, our operating margins came in at 31%, which are down from last year, but better than expected, due to again the gross margin, unfavorable gross margin of about 310 basis points. Increase SG&A of about 100 basis points, and favorable R&D expenses of 110 basis points.  The SG&A expense was higher than expected due to higher than planned advertising in both the U.S. and European markets. Part of this increase was also due to the volume. Our revenue volume was higher than earlier anticipated, so therefore we had higher cooperative advertising spend during the quarter.  On the units shipped, we shipped over 900,000 units across the business. The average selling price in total was $350 per unit. This compares to about 6% higher than Q1 of ’05, which was $330 on average selling price.  Looking next to the segment revenue, as we communicated earlier, Q1 is the first quarter where we’re providing results for our new four-segment business model, so we are in a transitionary period in the type of information and the level of detail that we’re providing.  You can see from this slide that we’ve experienced strong revenue growth across all segments, other than the Aviation segment. In fact, the Automotive/mobile revenue grew over 2.5 times compared to Q1 of ’05 on the strength of our nüvi, C series, and other PND products.  With the exception of Aviation, we are on track within all segments to meet or exceed our 2006 revenue goals, which I will provide later on in my presentation.  The Aviation segment should increase its growth rate beginning in Q2 and continue for the remainder of the year. As Min stated, sales of our products introduced within the last 12 months, which we view is a very important metric to our business, increased to 61% of our first quarter revenue.  Looking next at segment and geography on a percent basis, because of the strong PND market during Q1, our Automotive/mobile segment now represents 47% of our total business. You can see that’s significantly out from 22% as a total part of our Garmin business a year ago. Looking at the geography, Garmin Europe growth outpaced our North American market growth, and Europe now represents 32% of our total business, up from 26% during the first quarter of 2005.  Our North American revenue increased over 50%, while our European business increased over 100% during the first quarter. We also saw strong growth from our Asian markets as the Asian sales grew 83% during the period. In fact, a point of note here, if you looked at the revenue results of $322 million, that’s the largest single quarter in our company’s history.  Looking next at the segment growth margin, this is without a doubt the first time you all have seen a breakdown to this level of detail. Our Q1 gross margins increased to 57% and 55% within our Outdoor/Fitness and our Marine segments respectively. First quarter gross margins increased, however, to 62% and 42% within our Automotive/mobile and Aviation segments respectively.  We did experience favorable product mix and improved product cost per unit, which were the main reasons that our overall first quarter gross margins remained above the 50% level. For those still tracking at home, based on our old segments, the consumer gross margins during the period compared to the fourth quarter actually increased from 47.7% in Q4 up to 48.1% in Q1. This will be the last time we talk about the consumer margins in that regard.  Looking next at the operating margin performance, our Q1 operating margins increased to 39% and 37% within out Outdoor/Fitness and Marine segments respectively. Q1 operating margins decreased however to 24% and 35% within our Automotive/mobile and Aviation segments respectively.  The first quarter total operating margins were down 300 basis points year over year due to the decline in gross margins and the increase in advertising we spent. Garmin invested $18 million in advertising during the period, which is about $2 million higher than expected, due to our increased revenue during Q1.  With the exception of our Automotive/mobile segment, we expect short-term margins to be relatively stable, despite the possibility of quarter to quarter variabilities related to product mix and the timing of new product introductions. We also expect that our Automotive/mobile segment will experience declining operating margins due to this product mix, and a continued transition towards mass market levels.  When we compare the consumer segment from our old business model looking at operating margins from Q4 to Q1, we also saw an increase in operating margins going from 28.6% in Q4 up to 30.1% in Q1.  Looking next at our operating expenses, we saw R&D increase about $8 million year over year in absolute dollar terms, but this was down 110 basis points to 7.7% of sales. We added 37 people to our engineering team during the quarter, and now we employ nearly 750 engineers and engineering associates. We also increased our advertising spending, as I mentioned, as a percentage of sales to 5.7% compared with 3.5% a year ago.  In other SG&A, also declined 120 basis points to 6.0% of sales from 7.2% a year ago. This represents about a $5.6 million increase in other SG&A. But overall, our operating expenses were flat as a percentage of sales at 19.5% during Q1.  Looking at our balance sheet, you can see that our balance sheet continues to remain very strong. We saw cash and marketable securities increase to $765 million at the end of Q1, which is a little over a $50 million increase. The accounts receivable also increased to $200 million due to increased revenue and now accounts for approximately 60 days of sales.  I’ll try to pre-empt a few of the questions I’m sure you’ll have on the cash receivable and the fact that the linearity of the shipments that we saw during Q1 were actually a little bit back-end loaded into March, where we shipped roughly 45% of the sales of our quarter in March. Now, one of the reasons we saw an increase in AR during the period.  Our inventory dollars were flat with the fourth quarter. Our days in inventory metric, again a significant measurement, declined during the period. At the end of Q1, we now hold 100 days of inventory, which is down from 114 days at the end of 2005.  Looking further into the details what makes up this 100 days of inventory, we ended the quarter with: $74 million in raw materials, about 34 days; we had $38 million in WHIP and assemblies, about 19 days of inventory; and our finished goods came down to $101 million, which is about 47 days. We also ended Q1 with around $13 million of inventory reserves.  Looking at the retail channel inventory, it appears to be very lean as sell-through of most of our products remained strong during Q1.  When we evaluate cash flow, we saw the cash flow results during the period. Cash flow from operations came in at $56.2 million. Free cash flow, as we stated in the press release, during Q1 was a little over $41 million. We did invest about $14.9 million of CapEx during Q1. Cash flow from investing was $87.1 million conducive cash, and this was primarily made up of the $14.9 million of capital expenditures as well as a net purchase of marketable securities of around $72 million.  Cash flow from financing was an $11 million use of cash during Q1. Two primary components of that were $6.7 million fees from stock option, as well as a $4.4 million tax benefit related to the stock option exercise.  Overall, we increased the marketable securities line about $72 million during the period, and we returned an average of 4.0% on all cash and marketable securities balances during the quarter.  A few other financial metrics. Our effective tax rate during Q1 was 15.5%, just below the expectation of 16%. We anticipate that the 15.5% rate will continue throughout 2006. And as required by FAS 123R, we expensed stock option expense during the period. We expensed 2.5 million of compensation expense due to the fair value of shares with our stock option, and ESPP plan. The $0.02 EPS impact was expected, and we still forecast full-year impact to be around $0.07 per share.  This leads us to my final slide, which is updated guidance. As you saw from the press release this morning, we upped our annual guidance for 2006. We remain optimistic about the future success of our business. We now expect at least $1.4 billion in revenue, with double-digit growth across all four of our newly designed business segments. We’ve increased our EPS outlook up to $3.47 per share, which excludes $0.07 per share of expensing of options. This $3.47 is a 27% growth rate over 2005.  We’ve also increased our revenue guidance for our Automotive/mobile segment up to at least a 75% growth rate for 2006. All other business segments, revenue growth rates remain unchanged from the last quarter.  We now expect to spend $70 million of CapEx during the year, which includes $10 million of our new Taiwan facility purchased during Q1, $20 million of production equipment, leaving around $40 million of maintenance CapEx across our business.  We expect a stable outstanding share count of 109 million shares.  That ends the formal presentation. I appreciate all of your interest. At this point, we’re going to open up the conference call for Q&A.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from John Bucher with Harris Nesbitt. 
 John Bucher - Harris Nesbitt: Thank you very much. One housekeeping question, and then just a couple of operational ones, if I could. I’m not sure if you mentioned it or not, but the $3.6 million in other income, was that sale of marketable securities? 
 Kevin Rauckman : Yes, that was a sale of marketable securities, and we’re required to list that as a non-operating gain related to sale of stock prior to maturity. 
 John Bucher - Harris Nesbitt: Okay, and then, moving on to the operational questions, you’ve indicated a couple of things that it appears from the commentary that you expect the market share increases that you’ve seen in Europe, that you expect some of that to continue. Is there any margin impact that you’re anticipating now that Europe’s about a third or so above the revenue mix? You’ve talked about product mix and some of that that was favorable, but is there any impact on European sales mix to the margin? Also, related to that, you’ve talked about the PND, expectations for PND margins to decline. Can you quantify that, or provide some color and commentary around that point also? Thank you. 
 Kevin Rauckman : As you pointed out, the automotive markets, both in U.S. and specifically in Europe, is reported for continued strong growth, and I think it’s our goal to take advantage of this growth opportunity by offering the products that Cliff outlined, and may include very attractive prices, and it has included very attractive prices, in order to drive both the revenue and the EPS forward. So I think if we’re successful with that strategy, we should see or could see a more significant change in our margins, particularly in the PND market. Overall I would expect that the PND margins to come down, but again that’s all the intention of our overall guidance assumption that I just walked through. I think we’ve talked about maybe 300 basis points, roughly, in that order of magnitude in the past. We’ll just have to see another full-year shakedown as we get into experiencing growth in Europe and in the U.S. 
 John Bucher - Harris Nesbitt: Then on the European sales mix?
 Kevin Rauckman : Specifically, yes, we would expect the European market to continue to grow a little bit faster than the U.S. market, so that will -- the expectation on margins again are all accounted for with that expectation. 
 John Bucher - Harris Nesbitt: Final question, I know that you don’t provide quarterly outlook, but I’m just wondering, would you see any reason to believe that the historical sequential trend from first quarter to second quarter on the top line, that that same trend should apply in ’06 as it did in ’05?
 Kevin Rauckman : Well, it’s hard to say an exact trend, but definitely sequentially we expect revenue to be up Q2 over Q1, given the market that we’re right in the middle of, with the Marine selling season and also a pretty strong PND market as well. 
 John Bucher - Harris Nesbitt: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Evanson with Starr, Lee & Company.
 Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Co. : Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. It appears that possibly we’re looking at the marine product category decelerating throughout the year, and I’m a little puzzled by that, given that you should probably face easier comps in the back half of ’05. Could you talk a little bit about what’s going on in that category?
 Kevin Rauckman : Did you say decelerating?
 Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Co. : I think so, yes. You grew 20%, guidance says 10%.
 Kevin Rauckman : Yes, I think overall, we would still expect decent growth rates quarter over quarter as we get into Q2 and Q3. But yes, I think it’s implied in the fact that we’re going be in a 10% flux for the year. Growth rates are going to be a little bit below the growth rate we experienced in Q1.
 Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Co. : Is that due to timing of new product launches?
 Kevin Rauckman : Primarily. As Cliff mentioned, we rolled out 15 new products for a pretty strong rollout in Q1. We expect that they’ll continue to sell well, but when you bring out that level of new products, it tends to drive short-term performance in any one segment. 
 Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Co. : You’ve launched some new language capabilities for you PND’s, and we’re hearing that certain markets are getting improved data for mapping in Asia. I’m wondering if you would care to comment about a PND launch in certain Asian markets, such as China, sometime in ’06. 
 Dr. Min Kao : I think that the PND markets for Asia is still emerging. The data quality is still not quite there, and also, tends to be expensive. However, we’ve been working on various versions of our products to cover China, Japan, Thailand, Taiwan, and Malaysia. So we believe within the next year, we will establish more contribution from that part of the world. 
 Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Co. : Great. Last question, the Eclipse VLJ appears to be shaping up very well for their launch this year. I know that Abadyne is designed into that, but they’ve typically partnered with your navigational radios. Do you have an opportunity there still?
 Kevin Rauckman : Our understanding is not in that program. 
 Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Co. : Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 
 Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Your business analysis you mentioned is skewed more towards Europe and PND, which I’m sure are tied to each other. Can you talk about unit trends were sequentially in the first quarter? Obviously the nüvi was very strong, helped you on the pricing side, but did your share lift in the quarter in Europe mean that your overall unit for PND actually grew first quarter versus fourth quarter? I have a follow-up. 
 Kevin Rauckman : On the product mix side, what we experienced is that the C series continues to sell very strongly, but the nüvi, as you recall, had just come out in Europe late last year, and then we saw the nüvi pick up as a percentage of the overall PND market, so I’ll just say from a sequential change, that was the main trend, the change. C series and nüvi are the two strongest product lines in PND, but nüvi’s the one that’s picked up the greater percentage of that total.  As far as the market share, I think there are so many research reports out there, and from our best guess, it looks like share has picked up in Europe. We hope that will continue as we go through the rest of the year. 
 Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Did your production capacity limit you at all in the first quarter? In other words, given the demand for the nüvi in Europe and in the U.S., did you actually leave some revenue on the table, because you just couldn’t get the units out as quickly?
 Kevin Rauckman : Yes, I think there was some constraints there. I mean, we’ve been working very diligently to bring our second factory up. There’s also been, as Min mentioned, a little bit of constraints on component availability, so I would say there was some lost opportunity or lost revenue. 
 Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Last question, Kevin, in Europe, you go against a pretty formidable competitor in Thom Thom who’s got a little bit of a different distribution model. Your European business has changed so much over the last three years, any thoughts on positioning yourself, maybe going direct to retail rather than using resellers, if that is an opportunity or if it’s something that doesn’t really change the game that much. 
 Kevin Rauckman : I think we still view that our loyal and European distributors are very important to the market business. As you know, Ben, the European market is quite fragmented. There is unique opportunity and challenges in each geography there, and we feel like continuing to use those distributors is a benefit to us, not only in the sale of the product but also in the after-market, or the support of those products after the sale. 
 Ben Swinburne - Morgan Stanley: Thanks, and thanks for the initial disclosure. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Noelle Swatland with Lehman Brothers. 
 Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Hey, guys, congratulations on a great quarter. Just a couple of quick questions here. I think last quarter you had expected Marine to start to ramp and some of your fitness new products would start to ramp in the first quarter, but it seems as though maybe relative to your earlier expectations, we saw more of the initial shipments in Marine possibly than you had anticipated. Is that fair in terms of some of the revenue upset, or should we see, as you had previously outlined, more of that to really ramp in Marine and Fitness this second quarter? 
 Dr. Min Kao : Well, although we feel that we have executed quite well in delivering our new products, so because of this good execution of delivering new products, we experience that. There is an expected ramp-up of the Marine sales. 
 Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Is that the same with fitness as well, or was that delayed a little bit? 
 Dr. Min Kao : I don’t see much difference. I think both segments, both businesses are up 21%, so we feel that both are driven by the delivery of new products. 
 Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Okay, I know you don’t comment on quarterly guidance, but as you start to think about the total company gross margins moving into the second quarter, can you give us some qualitative metrics to think about? Should we think that given the volume ramps in some of these new products, combined with some discounting on some of your older PND, you know, 500 series and UV products, that we could see a sequential decline in your margins?
 Kevin Rauckman :
 Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Lastly, how do you expect the -- you had said that you continue to focus on R&D spend this year. Can you give us what you expect for the full year in terms of percentage of sales for R&D? Thank you. 
 Kevin Rauckman : Looking at the full year last year, we ended the year about 7.3% on R&D. I think we should be roughly that same number, maybe a little bit below that. It depends on the top line growth, but I think we should not see an increase on R&D as a percentage of sales during the year. We’re committed to hiring, but obviously when we’re in a period where revenue is growing at 37%, it’s hard to hire more than 37% growth on engineering talent. 
 Noelle Swatland - Lehman Brothers: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Benton with William Blair. 
 Bill Benton - William Blair: Good morning. In terms of, I think you talked about 75% or better growth in Auto, I think 10% or better in Marine, and 20% or so in Aviation. Could you remind me what your recreational target is, and if I got the other ones correct?
 Kevin Rauckman : Yes, the Outdoor Fitness segment we had guided to 15% or greater. 
 Bill Benton - William Blair: Okay, and that’s the same as…
 Kevin Rauckman : It’s the same as what we had last time, and we stated 20% growth through the first quarter. 
 Bill Benton - William Blair: Right, okay. Then in terms of the channel inventory, your feeling is that it’s relatively clear, even though you shipped some that’s later in the quarter, but the sell-through was obviously strong during the quarter, which gives you that confidence?
 Kevin Rauckman : Yes, Bill, that’s correct. I think evaluating the major retailers and distributors we sell to the channel inventory will prove to be pretty lean. 
 Dr. Min Kao : Yes, based on product shortages. 
 Bill Benton - William Blair: Okay. Kevin, when you said 300 basis points decline, was that just in the Automotive area that you were looking at that, or was that an overall number?
 Kevin Rauckman : No, I think what I meant to imply was that it’s really the whole business. We guided to an overall operating margin for the year of about 30%, so that’s really where I came up with the 300 basis points, given the fact that we were higher than that last year. 
 Bill Benton - William Blair: Right, okay. I know it’s hard to figure out what shares are, and I guess in Europe, it sounds like you guys did pretty well, despite the fact that your competitor there was transitioning some old product and cutting price. Did you see the impacts of that at all? Was Europe as you expected or was it maybe a little bit tougher and you advertised more to overcome some of that price-cutting on them flushing out their line?
 Dr. Min Kao : We are definitely superior in a very competitive market, and we believe that in Q2 we are provided a much better view of our demand and our market position, given that our new products we expect to deliver this week or next. 
 Bill Benton - William Blair: Okay. I don’t know if we can get the revenue gross margin operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2005. Are you guys going to post that to the website at all?
 Kevin Rauckman : No, we’re going to play it on as we go through the year, just giving quarter over quarter guidance, and comparison to the prior year, so we’ll lay that out again as we go through the year, but we won’t post back to Q4 ’05. 
 Bill Benton - William Blair: Okay, one thing: you mentioned new promotions in the aviation segment to kind of spur some growth in the second quarter. Can you give us a little color on that?
 Kevin Rauckman : Primarily referring to the retro-fit markets, where we’ll rolling out some special promotional programs to try to drive demand into sales there. 
 Bill Benton - William Blair: Okay, it’s just kind of focused toward retrofit then. Okay, great, guys. Congratulations again. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Rich Valera with Needham & Company.
 Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Thank you. Hoping you could comment on your strategy for going mass market. You know, you rolled out the I series last year, which I think was probably not as strong as you had hoped, but you had great success with the C series and the nüvi, I’m just wondering sort of how you plan to take things down market. Do you think you’ll take the nüvi form factor and maybe strip it down some and move down that way? Or do you think that the I series, with that very small screen, is still the way to go down market?
Cliff Pemble: Well, actually, Rich, the I series did quite well in the U.K. particularly towards the end of the year, with a low price point. I think going forward, you know, the components market is so dynamic and we’re evaluating where the sweet spots are landing in terms of displaced product size and cost, so in terms of display size, in terms of features, all those things, we’re keeping everything on the table. We would expect to see kind of a multi-pronged strategy, where we might have units in the higher end and units on the lower end. 
 Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Great. As a percentage of sales, Kevin, SG&A, should that be sort of similar to what it was last year, do we think?
 Kevin Rauckman : I think it will check up a little bit, just given our commitment to advertising and promotion within these fast-growing markets, particularly PND, so I think generally what we would expect is SG&A to be a little bit higher percentage of sales, and R&D to be a little bit lower. Hopefully we can keep the operating expenses in the 19% - 19.5% range as we go through the year.  Of course, a lot of it depends on the volume growth on the top line. 
 Rich Valera - Needham & Company: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from J.B. Groh with D.A. Davidson. 
 J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: So much for a seasonal weakness. I have a couple of questions on Aviation and the timing issues there. Obviously you had the TAWS impact last year. Can you quantify that in any way, so we can get more of an apples to apples? It seemed like there was a big bump there. Is that business higher margin?
 Kevin Rauckman : I think in general, the TAWS was somewhere in the $7 million to $8 million range, in terms of the year-over-year impact. We had it in Q1’05 and due to the mandate, and then short-term benefits, we did not have $7 million or $8 million in Q1 of ’06. 
 J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: So is that higher margin business then the incumbent stuff? 
 Kevin Rauckman : Yes. 
 J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Okay, and then the timing on Columbia certification. It appears as though you had maybe some expenses in Q1 where you’re not going to recognize some benefits until Q2. Is that a correct assumption?
 Kevin Rauckman : I think there’s some factors, some natural variability, as I talked about, in quarter over quarter, because the aviation margins were a little bit lower than we had been experiencing. But it was both kind of a natural product mix, as well we did well in some Q1 costs related to that business. 
 J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: If you characterize OEM/G1000 type revenues versus hand-held versus retrofit GPS systems, are the margins similar in those three buckets?
 Kevin Rauckman : Pretty similar. The only difference in the aviation segment, as I think you know, is portable products, like the 396 that Cliff’s mentioned. That has a little bit higher margin than the OEM and retrofit. 
 J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Seasonally, that’s probably a better Q2 and Q3 product than a Q1 product, I would guess?
 Kevin Rauckman : That’s correct. 
 J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Just a couple of housekeeping issues, the $0.05 remaining in stock option compensation, that accrues evenly throughout the year?
 Kevin Rauckman : We hope so, yes. There are some variability based on what stock price does, but in general, yes. 
 J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: Could you give us a quarter end share count? I don’t know if that was in the release or not. 
 Kevin Rauckman : Yes, it was in the release. It was 109, on a diluted basis, it was 109161. 
 J.B. Groh - D.A. Davidson: That’s end of the quarter shares outstanding? Okay, great. Thanks a lot, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Duffy with Thomas Weisel Partners. 
 Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you. Hello, everyone. Are there any factors that give you reason to believe that seasonality should be any different this year from previous years, particularly in the consumer business?
 Kevin Rauckman : That was an earlier question, and the answer was not really. We expect a sequential increase from Q1 to Q2 much like we’ve experienced in the past. 
 Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: How about the ramp over the remaining quarters of the year?
 Kevin Rauckman : Q4 is going to be a large quarter. We typically see a Q3 dip for various reasons -- Europe’s generally slowed down a little bit and the Marine selling season is over with, PND is totally moved, it’s faster in Q3, and then we have a big ramp-up in Q4 due to the holiday season. 
 Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: I guess where I’m going with this is your Q1 is typically around 20% of the total year. It would suggest the full year number could come in a little above that $1.4 billion. 
 Kevin Rauckman : Well, we’ll have to update you and others at the end of the second quarter. I think we’ve communicated that $1.4 billion is the low threshold number. We’ll just have to see how Q2 goes. 
 Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: On the cost of product, can you speak to the component environment in some more detail and some of the areas where you’re seeing improvement in the cost of product? Is that exceeding your objective that you stated in the past for more than a 10% year to year decline in costs?
 Kevin Rauckman : I think it depends on which components we’re talking about. I think Flash, for example, is definitely more than that. We see more than 10% cost reduction on Flash memory in the short-term. Displays also I think are maybe around the 15% to 20% level on the short-term. So definitely product costs helped us offset some of the price erosion that Min mentioned earlier in his part of the presentation. 
 Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Which are the components that are in tight supply?
 Dr. Min Kao : Some LCD and IEC components that typically has three or four months of long lead time. 
 Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. A question on your strategy for utilization of the new manufacturing capacity. How do you see the division of labor between the two facilities? Will one focus on PND’s? Can you just provide a little color on that? 
 Dr. Min Kao : I think the new facility will be primarily for the production of the PND products. Since two factories, only hour drive apart, so that we are not much different in target level costs in operation. 
 Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Is that something that should help you on the margins in that product category, because there will be less changeover costs, or utilization factors will provide some leverage? Am I thinking about that correctly?
 Dr. Min Kao : Volume will drive the efficiency, so it all depends on the volume. 
 Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay. Final question, the contribution of Garmin Mobile, is that meaningful at this point in time? What type of traction are you seeing with that revenue contributor?
 Kevin Rauckman : We’re seeing growth in subscribers for Garmin Mobile, but it’s still a very small, early adapter kind of market right now, so it’s really not material to the overall results. 
 Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Peter Friedland with Soleil Group. 
 Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Not to belabor the seasonality questions, but just a few more questions on that. Just really trying to get a rough sketch or a pattern for some of these segments for the whole year. For Marine, is Q2, is that typically the strongest quarter of the year, in absolute dollars for Marine?
 Kevin Rauckman : Every year is different and I think in general, that is the case, especially with the rollout of the many new products for Q1. We would expect those to continue to sell well in Q2, yes. 
 Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Then for the outdoor products, how does that segment typically look across the year?
 Kevin Rauckman : I think it’s much like the PND where Q2 and Q4 are the largest quarters during the year. I would expect sequentially that there would be some growth in that segment also during Q2. 
 Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Okay, and then a question on Aviation. It looked like, just looking at the GAMA numbers for Q1, the industry shipments for the planes you guys were on were very strong. So is there -- I would have thought your Aviation business would have been a little bit stronger. Is that just a timing issue?
Kevin Rauckman:  Yes, I think there is a factor in timing. We talked about the new certification of a new aircraft that will pick up in Q2.
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Actually one other thing on your European revenue. Can you give some breakout of that revenue by country? Are you still more focused in the UK, or is it starting to spread out?
Kevin Rauckman: No, I think it is very similar to what we have talked about in the past. That is you have France and Germany, Italy, Spain and the UK being the five of the largest geographics, and we're not going to breakout the numbers between those countries. UK is not the dominant geography at this point.
Peter Friedland - Soleil Group: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Ron Epstein, Merrill Lynch.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Good morning, guys. Just a couple of questions. What do you think about semi-integrated products with the OEMs? Have you pursued that route at all?
Cliff Pemble: Yes, we have actually done quite a bit of that, Ron. One of the most visible was the MOPAR project. In Europe we continue to work with automotive OEM providers to do the semi-integration like you're talking about.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. So that is an area where you are continuing to pursue?
Cliff Pemble:  Yes, we actually have quite a bit of effort and resources devoted to that.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: How about not dealer, but more OEM, true space plate removal kind of thing where there is something in the dash?
Cliff Pemble:  Yes, so far our efforts have been really focused on the PND and how to integrate that into the vehicle. I think most OEMs seem to have a lot of interest in that versus going deeper into the instrument panel.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Interesting. Another question for Cliff. How many aircraft are you currently working on trying to certify?
Cliff Pemble: Well, there are various projects we have going with those existing announced customers, as well as unannounced customers. I guess we probably have six to eight projects open at this given time, things we are working on.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch:  So six to eight mixed, some announced, some are not?
Cliff Pemble:  Yes.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Another question that really did not get asked yet on this call, even though pretty much every other question did. What do you guys think now about the GPS market opportunity in cell phones? I guess there was a view at one point that some of the PNDs could get cannibalized by cell phones, and you guys launched your own cell phone product. What view do you have on what is going on in that segment of the market?
Cliff Pemble: There are probably several things to consider. One is the pure application play like the existing Garmin Mobile product with Sprint. Certainly there is going to be classes of users that want that convenience and want to use it on a basic feature phone. So that is one area. The limitations are the screen size and network speed in terms of downloading maps. The second consideration is the smart phone market where there is a larger display and access to more memory. We definitely see some potential for growth there, which is why we introduced the Garmin Mobile 20 product, which specifically addresses smart phones users. But overall it appears like PND continues to be the strongest category, and while there will probably be gains in smart phone and feature phone applications, it seems like people like the larger display and the dedicated device.
Ron Epstein - Merrill Lynch: Great, thank you Cliff.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from John Bucher, Harris Nesbitt.
John Bucher - Harris Nesbitt: Thank you. Actually to pick back up on the G1000, tying into your revenue outlook for the Aviation segment of up 20% or so, I guess with the Mustang shipping towards the end of this year, it is likely that the real high ASP G1000 shipments probably don't start until… is it possibly not until the fourth quarter?
Cliff Pemble:  Yes, I would really say that first quarter of '07 is when to really expect to see some of that impact, because the shipments in the fourth quarter are going to be very limited.
John Bucher - Harris Nesbitt: I know you don't typically talk specifics on ASPs and the like, but is your expectation that those are going to be equipped with redundant systems including radar, flight directors and autopilots and other things that will probably drive that ASP up substantially above the piston engine units?
Cliff Pemble:  Yes, most definitely. The jet market requires, as you say, the redundancy, the dual attitude, dual air data, free displays, radar, flight control. We would expect to see some trending up of the ASPs in the piston market as well as we bring the flight control solution to more aircraft.
John Bucher - Harris Nesbitt: So your 20% outlook for 2006 per your previous comment really does not reflect the impact that you're going to see for these much higher ASP G1000 shipments, which really start to be felt in the first quarter of '07?
Cliff Pemble:  Yes, I think that is fair.
John Bucher - Harris Nesbitt: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Schwartz, Jefferies & Co.
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co.: I just want to get a couple of clarifications. You were kind enough to talk about some of the component declines that have helped you with your margins in the PND market. But you did not mention data, and I didn't know if there were any improvements in data costs or if they have been fairly stable and if you could give us some help there?
Kevin Rauckman:  I think they have been generally stable. We have been able to improve the quality of our mapping data while at the same time keeping the prices pretty much in line with what we had.
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co.:  That is very helpful. Your 75% revenue growth target for PND, can you remind us what that is up from?
Kevin Rauckman:  Up from 60%.
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co.:  Great. Maybe I misunderstood, it was asked previously about whether actual units in PND were up sequentially and I don't know if you were able to answer that or you did answer it and I misunderstood the answer.
Kevin Rauckman:  No, I don't believe I did answer that. I think that was Dan's question, and actually sequentially they were slightly down, not to the normal level that we had seen from Q4 to Q1. But we actually saw a slight decrease in global units during the quarter.
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co.: Was that largely because of the constraints you talked about, or are you pleased with the seasonality that you saw?
Kevin Rauckman:  No, I think partly the constraints were there. Yes, that impacted it. The good thing was though that the average price point in that market was a little bit up from Q4 to Q1 due to the nüvi contributions.
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co.: Yes. You mentioned 900,000 units. Is there any way to think about how that breaks across the various four components?
Kevin Rauckman:  There is a way to think about it, but we are not willing to give that as public information.
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co.:  I can understand that. My last question if I may, is when you look at Europe in the PND market, where do you see the vulnerabilities that allow you to take market share? Who do you think the losers are, if you can, if you're willing to talk about that?
Kevin Rauckman:  I think it really gets back to Cliff's presentation on some of the really exciting features that we have added into the products like Bluetooth, hands-free. I think just the product portfolio that we have laid out we feel pretty comfortable with, but again we are not going to comment on who is going to be the loser. It just remains to see what happens there.
Robert Schwartz - Jefferies & Co.: Thanks so much for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Peter Vogel, The Boston Company.
Peter Vogel - The Boston Company:  One clarification on a question. I'm wondering, what was the new product contribution of the last 12 months or sales from products introduced in the last 12 months? Was that 51% or 61%?
Kevin Rauckman:  51%.
Peter Vogel - The Boston Company: If you could just help me understand this, you were manufacturing constrained. Component prices were in your favor, but there is some three to four month lead times on certain components. So how is that sort of all working together?
Kevin Rauckman: Can you rephrase the question?
Peter Vogel - The Boston Company: The components shortages that you're seeing and that combined with manufacturing bottlenecks, how are you also able to see favorable pricing on components?
Kevin Rauckman: I think it is just a factor of what the overall market pricing is doing. I think we're not the only company that has experienced significant price reductions on flash memory, on LCDs and displays. So it is not just volume dependent. It is just the nature of the market.
Peter Vogel - The Boston Company: When would you expect the three to four month lead times on certain chips to sort of ease?
Cliff Pemble:  We probably don't ever see that changing. I mean it has been that way for quite a long time, and it is just the way the market is.
Peter Vogel - The Boston Company:  Final question. You mentioned full production in the new facility by May. Is that ramping full production at a run rate, or does it start in May? Will there be incremental start-up costs?
Min Kao: Yes, it will start in May, and by the third quarter of this year, we will have significant expansion. So again, we are preparing for the Q4.
Kevin Rauckman:  As far as start-up costs, within the capital expenditures to purchase service map technology lines, SMT lines, there is really no major start-up cost.
Peter Vogel - The Boston Company: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Sippel with Blueline Capital.
Chris Sippel - Blueline Capital:  What was the actual dollar amount of the Taiwanese tax credit in the quarter?
Kevin Rauckman: We don't give that out detailed tax credit information, other than to say what our effective tax rate is.
Chris Sippel - Blueline Capital: Second question, on the automotive side, how much of the growth was from selling into new doors versus sell-through? I know you guys touched on overall sell-through. How can I think about it just for the automotive sector?
Kevin Rauckman: I don't know that we can quantify the growth based on that, but in general we feel pretty comfortable with our current distributors and dealers that we're selling to. So most of the growth was just in incremental units of the existing doors that we are selling into. Now there is definitely some new store sales, but I would say that is a fairly small number on the big scheme of things.
Chris Sippel - Blueline Capital: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeff Evanson, Dougherty & Co.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Co.: Sorry for the follow-up. Cliff, in the PND area, by my count you have four main form factors for those products. Do you need four form factors, and how long do you think you will keep this 2000 Series form factor? I was kind of surprised to see the 2820 launched on that form factor.
Cliff Pemble: Yes, that form factor, Jeff, has been really strong in terms of appeal for certain users. I think that the number of products that we offer in the PND area has been controversial compared to our competitors. But the reality is we're able to offer a solution for almost any buyer, which actually helps us gain more opportunities in our view.  The 2820 was a product specifically requested by some of our motorcycle OEM partners, and we see that as a strong offering.  Longer-term, as I mentioned earlier, we don't know exactly where some of the sweet spots are going to go, but I would anticipate that we will be able to converge on the displays and form factors in some of our product lines.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Co.:  I guess the 2000 Series is your oldest form factor. Is that one nearing the end of its lifecycle do you think?
Cliff Pemble: I think it has come down with some of the newer products that still, at the moment, are quite strong.
Jeff Evanson - Dougherty & Co.: Thank you very much.
Kevin Rauckman:  Okay. Thanks, everyone, for your continued interest. At this point, we're going to close the call. If there are any follow-up questions, please feel free to call Polly or myself, Kevin Rauckman, and again we will talk to you at the next earnings call. Thank you.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, we do appreciate your joining us today. This does conclude our Garmin International first quarter earnings release conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-02-23 06:30:00) =====
Garmin Ltd. Q4 and Full Year 2005 Earnings Conference Call Transcript (NYSE:GRMN):
Executives: Dr. Min Kao, Chairman & CEO   Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer   Clifton A. Pemble, Vice President of Engineering   Andrew Elkind, General Counsel   Polly Schwertd
Analysts: John Bucher   Noel Flatland   Jeff Evanson   JB Gruff, Neo Davidson   Tim Duffy   Ron Epson   Jonathan Hill   Rich Alea   Peter Friedland   Mike Rappaport   Mark McKecknie*   Corey Johnson   Nicholas von Staakle
Operator: Good morning, my name is Towanda; I will be your operator. I would like to welcome you to the Garmin Ltd. Fiscal Year 2005 earnings conference call. Our lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers’ remarks, there will be a Question and Answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star and the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star and the number two. Thank you. Miss Schwerdt, you may begin your conference.
Polly Schwerdt: Thank you. Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Ltd 2005 fourth quarter earnings call. Please note that a copy of the Press Release concerning this earnings’ call is available at Garmin’s Investor Relations site on the internet at www.garmin.com/stocks. Additionally, this call is being broadcast live on the internet and a replay of the webcast will be available until March 24, 2006. A telephone recording will be available for 24 hours after this call and a transcript of the call will be available on the website within 48 hours at www.garmin.com/stock, under the events calendar tab. This earnings call includes projections and other forward looking statements regarding Garmin Ltd. and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products and our plans and objectives are forward looking statements. The forward looking events and circumstances discussed in this earning call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning risk factors is contained in our form 10K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2004 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending on behalf of Garmin Ltd. this morning are: Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and CEO, Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer, Cliff Pembie, Vice President of Engineering and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning’s call are Dr. Min Kao, Cliff Pemble and Kevin Rauckman. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Kao.
Dr. Min Kao: Good morning. From the Press Release issued this morning, you can see that we just finished another record year. We recorded our 15th consecutive year of (inaudible). Total revenue for the year increased 35% to just over $1 billion. EPS was up 51% ARP 32% excluding the effective of foreign currency. We delivered 55 new products in 2005. The results to our portable navigation devices was especially strong, resulting in a triple digit increase in the sale of automotive product line. Over 3 million Garmin products was shipped in 2005 raising our total to 14 million units shipped to date, the significant benchmark of the strengths of the Garmin brand. Our worldwide employees increased to over 3,000, R&D accounts for nearly a quarter of our total employees. We continue to expand our patent portfolio with 257 issued and 171 candidate applications. In an article published in the December 26th issue of BusinessWeek, the quality of Garmin’s patent portfolio was given a very high ranking. Since our formation of the Company, our strategy has been to grow our business through continuous product innovation and expansion of our target markets. (inaudible) we feel that we have achieved that target goal by delivering consistent goals every year. Some highlights of our 2005 achievements. In the aviation market in addition to the 7 new AR brands that was certified with G1000 cockpit. We won several additional programs. Most significantly, the Emory Light Jet is a very light jet. And we completed our first flight control (inaudible) was a very significant accomplishment, making us the only general aviation provider that can offer (inaudible) to a single highly integrated system. And we deliver ARPS 60,000 GNS quarterly 530, a very significant milestone in aviation industry. For Marine, we experienced strong success with (inaudible). We spill in (inaudible) for the entire US. In other markets, we retained our leadership position in a heavier market and continued the success of our leading fitness wearable product category. In the automotive market we introduced three products,(inaudible) with innovative features. All have been well received, and we won numerous programs in various markets. We look forward, we anticipate another year of excitement and success. We reported in our earning release beginning in 2006 we will provide results for four business segments internally we are also organized in our teams to align with these four markets with a goal to maximize growth opportunities of each market we serve. We will continue to invest heavily in R&D to take advantage of opportunities in both existing and new markets. We expect to introduce over 50 new products in 2006, many of which were introduced in the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas with a very positive response. And we expect to introduce additional new products at the CES show in March. We have just purchased our second Taiwan facility in order to meet the anticipated increasing demand. The position of this facility also allows us to expand our R&D capacity in Taiwan. The demand for portable navigation devices continues to show a significant expansion. In order to capitalize on this opportunity, we are expanding our marketing and sales infrastructure including the acquisition of a new facility in the UK. We will continue to promote a Garmin brand through expanding modern and unusual marketing and advertising campaigns. In summary, we are pleased with our 2005 results. For 2006 our total revenue is expected to be at least $1.3 billion with double digit goal for every business segment. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Cliff Pemble who will present our product and profit strategy. Kevin Rauckman will then discuss our financial result and fiscal year 2006 budgets. Thank you.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you Min. I’m really excited to talk about our product highlights for the fourth quarter as well as some recent product introductions that occurred since the beginning of the year. During the fourth quarter, we introduced the nuvi which is one of the most exciting on loaded products on the market today. The nuvi offers features not previously available to customers, such as travel guides with reviews of restaurants and hotel destinations as well as a language dictionary and translation tool. The nuvi recently won an editor’s choice award from PC magazine for its innovation and Garmin’s promotion of the nuvi at the 2006 CES show helped us earn recognition as one of the top 33 booths of the entire show. During first quarter we also introduced a new addition to our I series line the 3 pilot I2, this product includes all the features of the I series that is packaged with a monochrome display, making it an ideal offering as a promotional product or as a solid portable navigator for value oriented customers. Finally, we introduced the latest in our windows mobile lineup the IQM4. This product features pre-loaded maps and high sensitivity search star 3 GPS receiver. In addition, we’ve updated our Q application suite to provide finger touch operation, much like the C series and the nuvi. During fourth quarter, we announced some exciting promotional opportunities with major automotive OEM and rental car companies. In the UK Garmin was named the exclusive provider of portable navigation devices for all BMW and Mini dealerships. As far as this promotion, BMW will be offering both our Street Pilot C series as well as the nuvi to buyers of BMW and Mini vehicles. In Germany, Garmin landed wins with both Ford and Mercedes Benz. Ford is offering our I series and C3 products, while Mercedes is offering our C series products. In Taiwan, Garmin won a deal with Ford (inaudible) in which a Street Pilot C Series was given away with new vehicles sold before Chinese New Year. This program has been very popular with buyers and was promoted heavily by Ford. On the rental car front we secured relationships with Dollar, Thrifty and Enterprise in which a version of our Street Pilot C Series was offered to customers for daily rental fee. The rental business is an exciting opportunity to expose new customers to our easy to use products and to the Garmin brand. These new partners join an extensive list of opportunities we are serving in the automotive market and speaks highly of the capability of our products and the strength of our brand. We are proud to be affiliated with partners like BMW, Chrysler (inaudible), Dollar, Thrifty, Enterprise, Ford, Harley Davidson, Honda, Kenwood and all the others represented on this file. Going forward, the automotive market continues to offer significant opportunities for growth in our business. During 2006 we expect the T&D market to approximately double in size. To address this opportunity, we will continue in our strategy of offering products with a broad range of price points, appealing form factors and innovative features to suit the needs of every buyer. Our goal is to retain market leadership in North America, while increasing our market share in Europe. During fourth quarter we introduced exciting new additions to our FRS product line, the Rino 520 and 530. These products offer all the great features of our existing Rino product line and added 2.2 inch color TFD display, additional memory for uploading map information, turn by turn routing capability and higher transmitter power which allows communication at distances up to 14 miles. At this year’s CES Show, we announced an updated hand held product line called our X series. This new product line features a removable memory card which enables the user to expand the memory available for mapping. To complement this product line, we created a comprehensive set of preprogrammed maps for our customers which allow them to easily mapping content to the product without complication of using a computer. We offer pre-programmed cards with helpful information, detailed inland (inaudible) data, and also our blue chart marine data. The GPS Map 60 CX line and the GPS Map 76 CX line also feature a high sensitivity search star 3 receiver which will expand the utility products for our customers. We have also introduced a completely updated line of fitness products. The Forerunner 205 and 305 offer an improved watch like appearance and features a search star 3 high sensitivity GPS receiver. The 205 offers basic speed and distance capabilities, while the 305 has a heart rate center. The Edge 205 and 305 are totally new GPS solution for cyclists. This product is the first of its kind to combine GPS with bike specific features. 305 offers basic GPS speed and distance capabilities along with innovative features such as the virtual partner which helps user stay on a desired pace. The 305 has wireless heart rate and cadence sensors. Customers can expand the utility of Forerunner and Edge through our motion based web portal which allows users to share workout information with others around the world. In the marine market, we have been working on a new family of products that will hit the store shelves in March. This family of products includes new Fishfinders that can detect underwater objects in vivid detail and refresh that information at high speeds. In addition, we’ve expanded the number of marine products with preloaded map information for both offshore and inland boaters. Our new G2 Offshore Marine Cartography provides faster redraws, perspective view and improved cartographic presentation. In addition, we now offer a comprehensive set of photographs depicting harbors, marinas, approaches, and significant aids to navigation around the world. This new data allows Garmin customers to visualize and anticipate potential hazards long before they are actually encountered. For the US market, we have created an all new inland lakes map which includes detailed shore line and depth contour information for over 3,000 lakes across the Country. This map will be preloaded into our new GPS map 329 and 398 product line. Our new Fish Map Finder technology includes digital signal processing which provides highly detailed view of objects beneath the boat. This product can be interfaced with our GPS Map 3000 series of network chart plotters. In addition, we’ve updated the entire Fishfinder product line to include fast scrolling of information and improved performance in shallow water. Moving to the aviation segment, we continue to see strength in our G1000 Integrated Cockpit system. We are honored to have been selected as the integrated cockpit provider for Embraer Air, on their new Phenom Line jet which was announced at the recent MBAA trade show. In the piston market, Columbia Aircraft announced the selection of the G1000 Integrated Cockpit system for their 350 and 400 model aircraft which was recently given an editor’s choice award by Flying Magazine. This is a beautiful aircraft and is now complemented by an automotive style instrument panel designed by Garmin. In the retrofit market we introduced the GMA 347 audio panel which includes some of the great features found in our G1000 system, such as clearance recording, digital squelch control, and ability to accommodate additional audio input. Garmin continues to build strength in the OEM market with a host of world-class aircraft manufacturing partners. During the fourth quarter we delivered 333 G1000 systems to our partners. Also during the fourth quarter Raytheon began deliveries of the G36 and G58 aircraft which includes the G1000 with our new digital autopilot system. In addition, the G58 aircraft offers terrain warning system as well as our new weather radar system. At Cessna we are making steady progress in the development and certification of the Mustang integrated cockpit system. In the single engine area, Cessna recently announced the G1000 is now the standard avionics offering for the Skylane 182 and the Stationair 206 aircraft. In summary, I feel that we had a fantastic year for our product introductions and in forming new relationships with partners. During 2006 we expect to introduce between 50 and 60 new products that will continue to provide innovation and value to the market. At this time I’d like to turn the presentation over to Kevin who will be providing our financial update.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks Cliff and good to talk to everyone this morning. I’m as you can see from the fourth quarter financial summary, fourth quarter we posted solid financial results both at the top line where we experienced a revenue of just over $319 billion, a 45% top line growth and also strong bottom line growth of 38% earnings per share after the effect of foreign currency. There were a couple of unique items that did flow through our financial results, the one I just mentioned being the ($8.5) million foreign currency loss which effected our earnings per share of about 7¢, 87¢ per share after that foreign currency impact. It does also include the other impact of favorable tax rates during the quarter. We experienced 8.9% effective tax rate during the fourth quarter, about 9¢ EPS impact due to that favorable rate. You can see from the slides that our gross margins were better than expected due to the stable pricing during this period and also favorable product mix within our entire business. Operating margins came in at about 31%, which was down from last year, but better than expected. We also saw SG&A at about $44 million, which was due to higher than planned advertising within the European business .At the bottom of the slide you can see that our nits shipped to just over 1 million during the period. Incidentally, our average selling price during Q4 was about $310 per unit, which is flat with the fourth quarter of ’04 Looking next to our segments during the quarter, our fourth quarter segment revenue you can see we had strong revenue across both segments with both consumer and aviation. Our consumer growth actually doubled our aviation segment growth on the strength of automotive products. Automotive revenue overall grew well over 100% during the fourth quarter of 2005. When we look at the sales of our products that have been introduced within the last 12 months, we often use as a metric to determine how well the new products have sold, in Q4 the sales of these new products actually came at 60% of our total fourth quarter revenue. That compares very favorable with our historical rates. In fact, you may be reminded that during Q3 that number was 44%. So fourth quarter sales over 60% of that should go to new products. Turning to consumer growth during the period, our consumer segment now represents 81% of our total business. Looking at the revenue by geography, Garmin Europe actually outpaced our North American market growth and therefore represented 29% of our total business, up from 22% in the prior year. North American revenue was up 29% while our European business actually increased nearly 100% during the fourth quarter. Overall, as I stated, we experienced a 45% top line growth during the fourth quarter. For the year, we exceeded $1 billion in revenue, above our expectation due to the sizeable expansion in all geographies. Europe for the full year was up 61% over 2004. Looking next at our margins by segment, you can see that our fourth quarter consumer margins exceeded our expectations coming in at 47.7%, which was 100 basis points above Q3 of ’05. As I stated earlier, both pricing and product mix were the main reasons that our fourth quarter gross margins within the segment were stronger than expected. Fourth quarter consumer operating margins were down 230 basis points due to increased advertising during the period. Garmin invested $27 million in advertising during the period, about $5 million higher than expected Looking next at our aviation segment. Our aviation gross margin came in at expectations near the 55% level, very similar to the 64.7% during the quarter. This results were 100 basis points down from the third quarter of 66.5. Our aviation operating margin was down 300 basis points due to the reduction of gross margin and an increase in (inaudible) during the quarter. Looking next at our operating expenses, you can see that R&D was flat in dollar terms, but as a percentage of sales, (inaudible) of 6.3%. We did add 142 engineers to our team during the year including 47 engineering associates during the fourth quarter. We nearly doubled our advertising spending as a percentage of sales compared to Q3 up to 8.5% of sales. Garmin ads were seen and heard through print, radio, (inaudible) advertising and TV campaigns around the world. Our other SG&A stayed flat as a percentage of sales at 5.4%. Overall, our total operating expense is just about 20% of sales. Looking next to our 2005 financial summary, you see again our top, top line strong mode at 35%, just over $1 billion, bottom line 32%, gross excluding foreign currency. We also when we look at the full year experienced 11¢ EPS impact due to the foreign currency gain of $15.3 million during 2005. As I mentioned, we did have a favorable impact to the tax rate of about 9¢ per share on our full year basis also. Even without that, our earnings per share grew at 28%. Both margins came in as expected at 52.1% which is down 180 basis points from 2004. We achieved a 32.9% operating margin driven by the reduction in gross margin on the full year basis and increase in SG&A, again primarily due to the advertising spend during the full year. We invested over $69 million of advertising during 2005. On a full year basis, we exceed 3 million units shipped during the year. Our average selling price during full year was $339 per unit, which compares to $331 during full year 2004. Looking next at our 2005 segment revenue, we experienced consistent growth across all segments as we exceeded $1 million in sales. We grew the entire business right around that 35% consistently during the entire year 2005. Again as I mentioned, consistent revenue growth for each segment due to the 61% top line growth in Europe, Europe became nearly a third of our business, that’s 31% of our total revenue during the year. We do expect to increase our market share in Europe as Cliff mentioned during 2006. Looking next at our Balance Sheet, cash balances remained above $700 million, even after our $64 million dividend payment in December. You can see from this side our accounts receivable increased due to increased revenue and accounted for approximately 60 days of sales. As we continue increasing our business within our consumer and become more of a mass market, you’re likely to see pay out days around the 60 day level. We can look at dollars collected in 2006 on our AR balances at the end of the year, we have now collected 96% of that $171 million AR balance through today, so AR is in line with expectations. Our inventory dollars did increase on an absolute dollar basis, but came down on a Dave metric that we’ve given through the last couple of quarters. At the end of 2005, we now hold 114 days of inventory which was down from 121 at the end of the fourth quarter. Product availably continues to be a key strategy as we manage our inventory and our supply chain. Looking at specific inventory balances by the type of inventory, we enter the year at $65 million in raw materials, or 34 days of inventory, $28 million in WIP, and assemblies, 16 days of inventory and $121 million in finished goods, approximately 64 days of inventory. We did end the year with $15 million in inventory reserves. Although our retail channel inventory appears to be clean as sell through as most of our products was strong during the fourth quarter Q4 holiday seasons. Looking next at cash flow, cash flow from operations during the fourth quarter was $71.7 million. Free cash flow during Q4 was $65 million. On a full year basis, $219.9 million. (inaudible) at $6.6 million of capital expenditures during the fourth quarter and $27 million of CAPX during the full year of 2005. Cash flow from investing was $20 million of cash during Q4, made up of CAPX I just mentioned, purchase of marketable securities, purchase of intangibles and also the acquisition of motion based technology during the period. Cash flow from financing was at $48.5 million use of cash during the fourth quarter, primarily driven by the dividend payment that I mentioned earlier. We did post an effective tax rated of 8.9% during the fourth quarter. Our decision to repatriate subsidiary cash balances beginning in the 2006, created significant tax credits during the period. Our overall tax rate for the year 16.5% compares favorably to our 2004 rate of 19.4%. Going forward we expect our 2006 tax rate to be approximately 16% as we expect to repatriate nearly $200 million of cash to our parent company in 2006. Garmin Ltd. did pay out 50¢ per share dividend on December 15th, which was a $54 million use of cash. We had no share repurchases during the fourth quarter of 2005, although we do have approximately 2.3 million shares remaining available to purchase on our existing outstanding share repurchase plan. For the full year, Garmin did grant 831,000 stock appreciate rights during 2005. We also recognized approximately $900,000 of expense related to those cars during 2005. In conclusion, our full year guidance we have expectation of approximately $1.3 billion in revenue. Double digit growth across all four of our newly defined business segments. We expect 19% earnings per share growth up to $3.26 excluding the 7¢ per share of expensing of stock options under FAS 123R. We expect to spend approximately $5 million of CAPX including $10 for our new Taiwan facility that Min mentioned. $10 million of additional production equipment during the year, leaving approximately $30 million of maintenance CAPX across our business. We are continuing to look at an expansion of our European facility but it will likely be a lease, not a buy, so we’re still in negotiations on that deal so we have excluded that from any kind of capital expenditure forecast for 2005. We have assumed a stable outstanding share count of approximately $109 million, or 9 million shares, excuse me. Due to the alignment of our internal recording structure, we will begin providing results within these four business segments with our first quarter ’06 10Q filing. Than ends our formal presentation. We’d like to open it up now for questions as is customary, so please bring your questions to the front. Thank you.
Operator: At this time I would like to remind everyone in order to ask a question, please press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. We’ll pause for just a moment to compile the Q&A roster. Again, that’s star then the number one on your telephone keypad. Your first question is from the line of John Bircher.
John Bircher: John Bucher here. First an administrative one. When you file your K are you going to show the segment reporting in the new format?
Kevin Rauckman: As I mentioned the K will be based on the existing consumer and aviation segments. We will not post any four segment results until the first quarter of ’06.
John Bircher: Okay. Very good. And then, understand that the favorable tax treatment is due to the repatriation of dollars I guess as it flows through that new Dutch facility that you’ve put in place, that’s effectively lowering the tax rate. What do you view is the pro forma going forward tax rate that you have?
Kevin Rauckman: Again, we expect 2006 to be around 16% effective tax break, so pretty consistent with what we had at the end of the year 2005.
John Bircher: But that’s because you’re repatriating $200 million. I’m just wondering when you’re, I mean do you expect that repatriation to be an on-going thing that we should be using this on a going forward basis? Or once you’re done repatriating –
Kevin Rauckman: Again, this is going to be a consistent theme as we take our subsidiary cash and continue to repatriate every year. That’s not the entire answer for why the rate is what it is. Long term, we would expect you know our effective tax rate, and long term not being 2006 and beyond, we’d expect our effective tax rate to be closer to 20% because it kind of ramps up over time.
John Bircher: Okay. That’s helpful. So for pro forma tax rate on return, 20% is probably what people should use?
Kevin Rauckman: I would lean that way, yes.
John Bircher: Okay. And then, on the aviation side, in terms of the Turbine G1000 shipments, can you give an idea just how many you’re expecting in 2006? I’m guessing there’s some that are going to start in the fourth quarter especially with the Mustang. Can you give me any idea as to the volume level on that?
Clifton Pemble: John, I think Cessna does plan to deliver some number of Mustangs in the fourth quarter, but I think they’ll be ramping up production so I wouldn’t anticipate it to be very high. I don’t have a specific number off the top of my head, but I believe it’s a very low number.
John Bircher: Okay. Thank you. I’ll yield the floor and get back in the queue.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Noel Flatland.
Noel Flatland: Kevin, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more around the guidance you give for the auto and navigation division in particular the 60%. Can you talk a little bit about what that assumes for minutes and Ad P’s and also can you talk about some of the seasonality we should expect in the first quarter.
Kevin Rauckman: I think we’re not going to give specific guidance on units, but we would expect unit as Cliff mentioned, the overall P&D market is nearly double during this period, so there’s a lot of variables in that function. But in general units slightly higher than overall revenue growth is what we would expect in that number. And then the second question was, remind me again?
Noel Flatland: Could you talk about what kind of seasonality we should expect in the first quarter and also for aviation?
Kevin Rauckman: We’re not in the practice of giving quarterly guidance any more. Just expect the overall market to continue to grow. Sequentially, our business is going to be down for quarter Q1, because our strongest season is clearly the holiday season with the second largest quarter being the second quarter tied in with the consumer and marine selling season.
Noel Flatland: Can you just remind what it has been historically?
Kevin Rauckman: What again? Gross rate or?
Noel Flatland: The seasonal decline?
Kevin Rauckman: I don’t think we can look at past history to predict the future, but you know anywhere from last year I believe we were around 13% down. Again, I don't want to lean toward using that as a guidepost for the future.
Noel Flatland: Okay. And just one last question. You talked a lot about the increased focus on Europe and expanding your sales and marketing initiative to expand share. Can you outline some broad parameters around where you think SG&A as a percentage of consumer could go?
Kevin Rauckman: A lot depends on how fast the market grows, so that’s a roughly 30% level at $1.3 billion. We would expect that SG&A would be fairly consistent. It was flat for over a year.
Noel Flatland: As a percentage of sales?
Kevin Rauckman: A flat percentage of sales, yeah. Dollars obviously we’re going to expand advertising and other investments.
Noel Flatland: Okay. And do you have any comments, just on last question, on growth margins and consumers this year?
Kevin Rauckman: In 2005?
Noel Flatland: Yeah, and ’06.
Kevin Rauckman: ’06. We really don’t want to comment on just gross margin other than we’ve given it kind of a broad operating margin at, at least 30% next year given our top line growth rate.
Noel Flatland: Will it continue to assume around 200 to 300 basis points for the overall Company decline every year?
Kevin Rauckman: A lot depends on how fast the market grows. But I think it’s probably not an unreasonable assumption. Again there’s a lot of variability between the four different business segments that we’re going to be announcing results on. Clearly automotive is driving a big part of that.
Noel Flatland: Okay. Thanks.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Evanson.
Jeff Evanson: Good morning everybody. Congratulations on the quarter. Let’s see here. Cliff, I thought I heard you say that you though P&Ds could double in ’06, I don’t know if you were talking units or revenues and how does that compare with your revenue guidance of 60% year over year?
Cliff Pemble: The market projects that unit volumes have doubled in 2006 and our revenue growth projection assumes that the present continues to come down as the market expands.
Jeff Evanson: Should one assume that you expect to lose market share in 2006 in P&Ds?
Cliff Pemble: No.
Jeff Evanson: Okay. That’s good. Specifically, in Europe with respect to P&Ds, you said you spent a lot of advertising dollars in Europe in Q4, there’s some data out there that suggests that you didn’t really take market share in Q4, I’m wondering what your thoughts are about your market share in Europe in Q4, and if you think you’re getting good yield on your advertising dollars at this point?
Cliff Pemble: I think there’s various sources of data out there. It’s our view that we did not lose share in the fourth quarter, specifically in Europe is what you’re talking about. As far as the investment in advertising, we spent considerable dollars both in the North American market and in Europe. And I think you can clearly see from the results today that we feel that was beneficial and we did get a good return on that investment.
Jeff Evanson: Okay. One last question. On the marine products, when do you expect the G2 cartography software to be available and did marine grow in this quarter year over year?
Kevin Rauckman: (Inaudible) No, marine was down in the fourth quarter. But I’ll let Cliff talk about the G2 question.
Jeff Evanson: Okay.
Cliff Pemble: The G2 charts are going to be available very soon in the March timeframe. The product’s already in production and we’re filling the channel now.
Jeff Evanson: Excellent. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of JB Gruff
JB Gruff: Hi Kevin, JB Gruff from Neo Davison
Kevin Rauckman: Hi there.
JB Gruff: Question on your expansion facility that you purchased. What sort of additional square footage does that give you? Can you give us a little bit of clarity on how much more capacity that gives you relative to Q4 where it looks like you’re pretty much running it full bore?
Kevin Rauckman: I think overall the square footage is a little over 22,000 square feet which is nearly double. We had about 250,000 in our existing facility. As far as capacity, I think you pointed out with 1 million units in Q4 that would be an annual run rate of 4 million on an annual basis and the capacity if you look at square footage it appears to be close to double but as Min mentioned we’re going not only use that for manufacturing but also R&D capacity. So, I think you could fairly say that we’re at least double the unit capacity by having that additional facility there.
JB Gruff: So, annualized rate you’re now doing 4 million you think with the additional you could do as high as 8 million?
Kevin Rauckman: Yeah, I think that’s a reasonable number but I don’t want to be held down to it.
JB Gruff: I won’t hold you down, I promise. And I’m guessing you paid cash for this?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes.
JB Gruff: And then as just sort of a housekeeping number, would you mind running through those margins again on aviation and consumer. I’m not on the webcast, the slide flipped before I could get to it.
Kevin Rauckman: The aviation gross margin for the quarter, 64.7, and the operating margin for the quarter was 40.2.
JB Gruff: Okay.
Kevin Rauckman: And then you have the consumer piece.
JB Gruff: Please.
Kevin Rauckman: 47.7 and the 28.6 operating margin.
JB Gruff: And one last thing. Obviously big bump in SG&A, is that a fourth quarter thing or is that I mean are we to expect kind of a similar run rate? I know you don’t want to give too detail a guidance, but just in terms of modeling?
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think you know, as I mentioned, seasonality earlier, earlier question, definitely we’re going to continue to spend significant dollars in advertising and SG&A. But you shouldn’t expect on an absolute level that amount of $44 million in Q1 because of the seasonality of the business.
JB Gruff: That will follow typical seasonal sales patterns?
Kevin Rauckman: Right.
JB Gruff: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Duffy.
Tim Duffy: Thanks. Hello everyone.
Kevin Rauckman: Hi Tim.
Tim Duffy: Nice finish to the year. A few questions for you. You were running at full capacity it seems in Q4, was there some unmet demand? And, you know if so, could you quantify that possibly?
Cliff Pemble: In general, we talked about product availability and with as many products as we have, we’re looking at some unmet demand, but in general we felt like we were able to meet most of the customer demands during this period.
Tim Duffy: Okay. And you mentioned new products for 2006, kind of a consistent, I guess slight up tick in the number of new products you expect to be launched, from an overall sku count, in 2006 will there be kind of a consistent number with what we saw in 2005?
Cliff Pemble: As a tick up, we will introduce new skus and I’d say in general what you saw last year is a little bit of an increase for the number of skus that I’d say, 50-60 new products this year are likely increase this year as well, but there will be a retirement or an end of live for a lot of the existing skus.
Tim Duffy: Okay. And Kevin, you spoke to the gross margins, you saw some benefits from more favorable pricing and next can you elaborate on that a little bit more?
Kevin Rauckman: I think going into the quarter you could speculate given competition there could have been more cranking pressure, but what we experienced is fairly stable pricing through the fourth quarter and holiday season and a lot of the aggressive pricing really hasn’t hit until we get into the 2006 timeframe. Product mix we saw some of our higher price products continue to sell well even as we brought in the I series and some of the value or lower priced Pods.
Tim Duffy: And so the sweet spot in the P&D market still seems to be priced above where that I series is, is that fair?
Cliff Pemble: That’s a fair statement, yeah.
Tim Duffy: Okay. European business was very strong, can you provide any more detail on you know regions or areas of particular attraction?
Kevin Rauckman: Not at this time, no.
Tim Duffy: Okay. And my final question. I have been making a number of assumptions regarding the segments you’re about to report, are you prepared to give any clarity on the size of those segments for 2005 for comparison basis.
Kevin Rauckman: No. We’re not prepared to talk about those until we get into the first quarter filing of ’06. We’ve stated in the past that auto mobile is clearly number one. You know that aviation is already publicly stated. Number two was our outdoor fitness in the consumer segment and number three is the marine in terms of size.
Tim Duffy: Okay. I’ll let someone else ask a question. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ron Epson.
Ron Epson: Good morning guys.
Kevin Rauckman: Hey Ron.
Ron Epson: Just a couple of questions. The I series, how does it do. Can you broadly speak about relative to the C series and some of the other products, how did it do?
Dr. Min Kao: The C series has been the most popular product, however, the I series we have some strong sales in certain channels especially in certain countries in Europe and also it has entered into the channels in the US like Target, Amazon.com and also Wal-Mart. We appreciate the sales of the I series.
Ron Epson: Okay. Another question. I guess this is for Cliff. You’re developing I guess the G1000 for both the Phenom 100 and 300 for Embraer you guys are on the Mustang, are there other jets, I know you can’t be specific but are there other programs that are turbine powered that you can pitch the G1004 that you’re currently pitching it for not disclosing what they are?
Cliff Pemble: One program that has been disclosed is the V-Jet program for Simon Aircraft.
Ron Epson: Are there any bigger aircraft? The V-Jet’s a single engine. I guess what I’m driving at, are you guys thinking about or you know pitching for other jets that might be bigger than what you’re currently, I know you can’t say manufacturers or anything like that, I’m just getting a sense of what’s going on?
Cliff Pemble: Right now our specialty for our equipment is really the R23, class 3 and class 4 aircraft and with the Phenom we’re bridging into some R25, but I think that’s kind of the range we’re targeting where there’s really the most volume.
Ron Epson: Okay. And then I just one last question, with the expansion in the fabrication facilities, does that imply is it safe to think that you guys won’t be doing any significantly more outsourcing in terms of chip fabrication or anything else?
Kevin Rauckman: From a manufacturing level, we’re committed to for now we’re committed to doing our own manufacturing from the chip side. You know, we’ve already announced high sensitivity GPS surfs, so we’re going to continue to roll out new products with those features and functions in them, but no other business to report.
Ron Epson: Okay. And then, I guess one last question, back to Cliff. Back to my airplane question. I like those questions. The aircraft like the CJ1 I believe that’s part 23,right, and it’s bigger than a Mustang, is that the kind of thing that potentially we could see or (inaudible).
Cliff Pemble: Well again, Cessna is our partner and any announcements on any programs come from our partners first, certainly that class of aircraft is our target.
Ron Epson: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of William Benton.
Jonathan Hill : Hi guys, this Jonathan Hill for Bill Benton. I have a couple of questions. Number one, in terms of your distribution, are you planning on pursuing more opportunities say in things like US dealers, similar to the channels you’ve done in Europe?
Kevin Rauckman: I think perhaps we’re going after as many opportunities as we can get in the P&D market, but if you look at where most of the growth has been, it still continues to be through the retail channel in the North American market, although there are certain promotional opportunities which Cliff highlighted with many partnerships we have in Europe that we’ll continue to go after but I would say just in general, that’s not where – your question is not where we’re going to see most of the growth in 2006.
Jonathan Hill: Okay, but in terms of the pricing environment and the competitive environment, how are you guys seeing things in terms of the increase in the number of players that are coming into the markets and how are you looking at pricing for 2006 as a result of that?
Kevin Rauckman: I think in Europe, we’ve seen more aggressive pricing so for one the European channel, the European market is becoming more competitive there. In the US market, we will continue to evaluate what happens there but generally we have a little bit higher pricing in the US that we’re able to secure, but at this point I don’t have any further details that we can talk about.
Jonathan Hill: Okay. Last question. In terms of the seasonality, have you guys seen continued momentum from the strong fourth quarter into the first quarter?
Kevin Rauckman: I think again, I talked about seasonality earlier. Just in general, we wouldn’t be laying out the gross numbers we have today if we didn’t see a large degree of growth in the P&D market in general and the overall business specifically.
Jonathan Hill: Okay.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Rich Alea.
Rich Alea: Thank you, good morning. In your prepared remarks you mentioned that in the marine area that you expect to have several new products on the shelves I think in March. Do you expect them to have a meaningful impact in the March quarter from a revenue standpoint or is that mostly going to hit in the June quarter?
Kevin Rauckman: Well it is a major product rollout for all of our mid-range and high-end chart plotters, so we would expect that the initial channel fill is going to be significant for the marine market.
Rich Alea: Great. It’s helpful. And I know you don’t want to give away any competitive info on future projects but is there anything you can say about the pipeline of P&D products in ’06 with respect to any kind of successor to the C series or variations of nuvi type products?
Clifton Pemble: Well we continue to innovate and create new products. We are working on new product introductions as we speak and we should have more news for you to be able to see and hear shortly.
Rich Alea: Okay. And with respect to the cogs of the P&Ds, clearly you have to make some assumptions about you know prices coming down but presumably there’s also the ability to reduce your cogs, I mean is there anything you can talk about with respect to any assumptions you’ve made about how the cost of materials and components in PNDs will decline in ’06 relative to ’05?
Cliff Pemble: From a component perspective we’ve not seen a lot of movement, definitely a flash and LCD in particular have declined with raw material costs, but we expect consistent cost reductions, cost takeout within our own, within aviation and consumer manufacturing processes will help overall keep costs in line with the overall market. That’s kind of what our goal is in 2006.
Rich Alea: Great. And is there any way to quantify the impact of the numerous auto dealership agreements you’ve landed over in Europe and you’ve got this Taiwan deal which I guess actually a question there too did the Taiwan Ford deal actually continue past the Chinese New Year or was that sort of one off?
Dr. Min Kao: They have extended the promotion but will probably end this month.
Rich Alea: And how about, just if you can in anyway sort of quantify or even qualitatively talk about the contribution you expect from these dealer relationships in Europe?
Kevin Rauckman: I don’t think we want to breakout anything specifically there in terms of how much that contributes, but in general, the dealerships, the promotional activity that we’ve seen in Europe is a little bit larger in Europe obviously than it is in the United States, so I’m not going to give you an exact number.
Rich Alea: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Peter Friedland.
Peter Friedland: Hey guys, just one question. Within the auto business, can you just give us some idea for mix between the products, whether that’s percentages or if you could just rank them in order of volume?
Cliff Pemble: Other than what Min said, is that the C series continues to be a sweet spot and it is still leading the way in terms of volume, the I series did come in, in the fourth quarter and sell well particularly in Europe in certain areas of North America and nuvi primarily just a European products in the fourth quarter and just kind of ramping up in 2006 now. That’s kind of how I’d lay it out in terms of size.
Peter Friedland: Okay, so you can call those as you said at number one, two and three in terms of unit volume?
Cliff Pemble: Yes.
Peter Friedland: Okay. Alright, great. Thanks very much.
Cliff Pemble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Mike Rappaport.
Mike Rappaport: Good morning and thanks for another great quarter. Could you give us a split on the aviation side between OEM and aftermarket?
Kevin Rauckman: Normally, what we said in the past, I think and clearly with the success of the G1000, the OEM contribution has continued to increase. I think the number I would say is somewhere around 30% and growing with everything else being aftermarket.
Mike Rappaport: Do you have a (inaudible) as you’re shifting it today?
Kevin Rauckman: I think we’ve stated publicly in the past that with many of the deals we don’t want to make the specific deals known, but sitting around $40,000 per plane, with the autopilot obviously that increases. That’s roughly the number that we’re experiencing right now.
Mike Rappaport: Okay. And how much is that going to increase when you go to a turbine fit up with presumably with two sides, radar and all that?
Cliff Pemble: At least $100,000 per plane.
Mike Rappaport: Okay. And could you discuss again what you see as your best use of cash going forward, you generate so much of it?
Kevin Rauckman: I don’t think the story is going to change. We continue to continue to look for acquisition opportunities, we are committed to dividend. I mentioned the stock repurchase plan and you can see it from this morning that we are also committed to investing in our business with facility expansions in Taiwan and also in Europe and even in the US if we need to in the future. So those will continue to be the four major uses of cash.
Mike Rappaport: So no changes there. On the, you made a comment on your prepared remarks about the amount of the AR at the end of the quarter that you had already collected. Could you give me that again?
Kevin Rauckman: I said, we’d you mean how much we actually collected in 2006?
Mike Rappaport: Yeah, to date.
Kevin Rauckm: 96% with the AR we had at year end, we’ve already collected in ’06.
Mike Rappaport: Okay, that’s the end of my questions. And thanks again for a great year.
Kevin Rauc: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Bucher.
John Bircher: Thank you. Just a quick follow-up. On the portable automotive category, just trying to get a feel for what are the sensitivity factors on margin there? You’ve got everything in that category from the $1,500 model 7200 that I see just became available down to the sub-$300 I series. I’m guessing it’s not necessarily ASP, you know lower ASP doesn’t necessarily low margin. Is it really volume that drives the ultimate margins here? It looks like pricing remains pretty stable throughout the holiday period. And if it’s some other attribute, if you can just touch on what typically drives the margins for the wide diversity of products you’ve got in the portable automotive category.
Cliff Pemble: Hey John. I think the key drivers are really the embodiment which includes the memory configuration, the display, those are some of the components that we have in those product lines.
John Bircher: You can’t elaborate any further?
Cliff Pemble: What specifically. Could you follow up with your question?
John Bucher: In general, should we assume that lower ASP doesn’t necessarily mean lower margins or is that not the case since it does appear that the higher ASP products have more display and more storage?
Cliff Pemble: On the lower end there’s probably always more price pressure to satisfy the market so I wouldn’t assume that the lower end are necessarily same margin as the higher end.
John Bircher: I was just trying to get to the point you mentioned that you had favorable product mix and that accounted for the better than expected margins as well as stable pricing. We saw the stable pricing, I guess I’m just wondering from a favorable mix standpoint, did you not expect that the C series was going to be such a significant percentage of the overall mix in this category?
Cliff Pemble: I think (inaudible) was going to be, the I series has done well, so we’re not talking about a lot of variability there. And the other thing is the 2700 was another product that I think did better than expected. That’s at the high end of the price curve so those are two major factors that played out in the consumer margins.
John Bircher: Okay, do you expect compared to the other reporting segments do you expect that we’re going to see the greatest variability of profit margins from quarter to quarter in this particular, this new segment.
Kevin Rauckman: Absolutely.
John Bircher: Okay. Well that will make it challenging for us. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Corey Johnson.
Corey Johnson: Hello?.
Operator: Corey, your line is open. Your next question is from the line of Nicholas von Staakle.
Nicholas von Staakle: Hello
Operator: Nicholas, your line is open. Your next question is from the line of Mark McKecknie.
Mark McKecknie: McKecknie, yes thank you. I’m here but my question has been asked and answered, congrats on a solid quarter.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks Mark.
Mark McKecknie: Thanks. (inaudible) Don’t have the person’s name Can you hear me?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes
(NO Name): I had a couple of questions. One was can you be a little bit more specific about what you expect in terms of consumer ASP declines of P&D markets for 2006?
Kevin Rauckman: We don’t have an exact number other than just to given the fact that the automotive and the mobile segment is definitely the highest and fastest growing, so we will just say that our ASP’s will likely continue to come down, but we’re not prepared to quantify how much that is, there’s just too much variability in that market right now.
No Name: Okay. And then, on your inventory days, I think it’s around 115 days or so
Kevin Rauckman: Right
No Name: Is that about what your target is, or is your target different from that level?
Kevin Rauckman: 114 is the exact number and we’ve quantified the fact that inventory dollars are going to continue to go up, but they should continue to come down although given the fact that product availability continues to be critical in a growing mass market that’s kind of how we’re managing that, how we’re managing our overall inventory, so I think we’re pleased with 114 till we see some reductions possibly but there is not a lot of significant amount of improvement that we’re going to be able to see in the future.
No Name: Okay. You know Europe that we’ll see basically, can you talk about what your share is like there versus tom tom, do you think you were able to gain share versus down there?
Kevin Rauckman: I think at this moment some of the retail (inaudible) that we rely upon (inaudible) have data from the previous quarter which I think you’ve seen and we don’t know if we’d change.
No Name: Last question is, can you give us some idea I don’t can you give us some idea of what the ASP will buy segments to the American consumer?
Kevin Rauckman: No, we don’t think that. We’ve not made that public. It will be available at the end of the first quarter though.
No Name: Oh, it will be. Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Tim Duffy.
Tim Duffy: Thanks. Follow up here as I’m playing with my model. So as I look out to your guidance kind of 20% year to year growth in revenue, and I wonder is there opportunity for leverage on the operating expenses or if you believe there is?
Kevin Rauckman: You know at the levels we gave, comes with revenue and operating margins and then EPS. We were expecting the high 20’s, roughly 30% growth, we’re expecting that SD&A will roughly stay flat as a percentage of sales. R&D could be little bit of leverage there, but in general, putting aside both of those categories.
Tim Duffy: Do you have to grow SD&A and R&D that much?
Kevin Rauckman: Well we believe that R&D is critical to the future of the Company, so we’re, yet on a dollar basis, we’re committed to growing that and then given the increase from the T&D market in automotive we feel that we have to spend SD&A dollars to have more advertising and compete there as well.
Tim Duffy: Okay. Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: Thanks.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Corey Johnson.
Corey Johnson: We’ll try again, can you guys hear me now? Let me ask you about retailers. Kevin when you were out here in San Francisco, you talked about the internet being much more (inaudible) than it has been in the past. Who are the top retailers in Q4 and what percentage of that was in the internet?
Kevin Rauckman: What percentage of that was what?
Corey Johnson: On the internet, Amazon was one of those people, maybe that would tell us something.
Kevin Rauckman: Well I think it would typically layout the top. Specifically other than to say that for the internet has continued to be a strong part of the business. But still, the major retailers that we talked about in the past continue to be the major retailers, you know, (inaudible), Best Buy and Circuit City and they’re being the top, the big box retailers that we sell into.
Corey Johnson: There’s been talk of Wal-Mart and you mentioned Wal-Mart earlier in the call. Have you been in any physical locations in Wal-Mart or just on the internet? Wal-Mart.com?
Cliff Pemble: Definitely both. We’ve got a physical and internet. Both.
Corey Johnson: Great. This maybe just bookkeeping, but other use of cash of $3.5 million. What was that?
Kevin Rauckman: Hold on a second, let me go back to that.
Corey Johnson: Thank you.
Kevin Rauckman: You’re talking about within the investing or the financing?
Corey Johnson: In the operations section for (inaudible)
Kevin Rauckman: What specifically are you looking for?
Corey Johnson: There was another use of cash, it wasn’t (inaudible) what it is?
Kevin Rauckman: You want to follow up with me later. Specifically, I can’t tell which one you’re looking at. Looking at the Other?
Corey Johnson: I can follow up with you later. Thank you. That’s all I have, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Nicholas von Staakle.
Nicholas von Staakle: Yes hello, Nicholas von Staakle, can you hear me now?
Kevin Rauckman: Yes.
Nicholas von Staakle: Oh, great. Thanks for taking my question. I have a question regarding the competitive landscape in the US specifically. Have you noted any changes in the fourth quarter?
Kevin Rauckman: We’ve been able to retain our leadership as the overall P&D provider in the US market, so overall, no.
Nicholas von Staakle: Okay. Second question. Do you have any automotive products already in the market in Asia and if so, could you give your best guess of the approximate size of the Asian market in terms of units in ’05?
Dr. Min Kao: We’re so involved that market in Asia is quite small because of the lack of map data in that region.
Nicholas von Staakle: Do you think that map data in sufficient quantity will become available for you to start addressing this market?
Dr. Min Kao: I think in all countries.
Nicholas von Staakle: Which ones do you see kind of coming in first?
Dr. Min Kao: We are seeing some data available in Taiwan, China is coming and we see very limited amount of data for Malaysia and Singapore and other countries like India (inaudible) behind.
Nicholas von Staakle: Okay. And Thailand?
Dr. Min Kao: Thailand is coming. Actually we’ve been selling some product in Thailand.
Nicholas von Staakle: But that’s ’06.
Dr. Min Kao: No, actually we’ve been selling product in ’05.
Nicholas von Staakle: Okay. And your best guess on the unit size of that market across the countries which you just mentioned?
Dr. Min Kao: I can not give you’re the numbers.
Nicholas von Staakle: Okay, fair enough.
Dr. Min Kao: Thank you.
Nicholas von Staakle: Third question if I may. Have you experienced any shortage on components in Q4?
Dr. Min Kao: We don’t’ have any significant shortage of components, but the major challenge which we and all the manufacturers face is that many of the components start as LCD display and (inaudible),four months, so any time when you have the up start, it demands you respond by getting components.
Nicholas von Staakle: And the margins that you’ve indicated for the business units, are there any adjustments you have to make, or can we take them as they are?
Kevin Rauckman: You mean within the 2005 results or 2006 expectations?
Nicholas von Staakle: For the Q4 results. If there are any accounting changes that you can already anticipate for going forward. I do understand that you will split it up differently, but are there any things that you may be able to highlight already?
Kevin Rauckman: No, I think they’re pretty much as stated.
Nicholas von Staakle: Okay. And then, finally last question if I may? How are you going to manage the auto business going forward? Will you management for gross margin as tom tom indicated they’re doing, or how do you think about that, without giving any indication on the margin itself?
Kevin Rauckman: I think the way we’re going to manage that is it’s the high growth business and we will we’ve often stated that you shouldn’t just be looking at gross margin dollar but you should be looking at overall gross margin contribution or operating margin contributions, so that’s how we’re going to continue to manage the business.
Nicholas von Staakle: And then finally, I did not understand the comment you made on manufacturing your own chips? Did I get that right?
Cliff Pemble: I think the question and maybe we injected the term chip set when it was referring to our factory facility and we don’t do any manufacturing of chip sets ourselves. We always rely on outside partners for that. The manufacturing we do is for assembled units.
Nicholas von Staakle: Okay, perfect that’s what I understood. Great. Thanks very much.
Kevin Rauckman: Thank you.
Operator: You have no further questions. Will there be any closing remarks?
Kevin Rauckman: No I think other than to say, thank you for participating and we’ll talk to you again next quarter. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2005 Q3  (2005-10-26 18:15:00) =====
GARMIN INTERNATIONAL, INC. :  Moderator: Polly Schwerdt   October 26, 2005   10:00 am CT 
Operator: Good morning, my name is (Renee). And I will be your conference facilitator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Garmin Third Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speaker’s remarks, there will be a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question during this time, simply press star then the number one on your telephone keypad. If you would like to withdraw your question, press star then the number two on your telephone keypad. Thank you. Ms. Polly Schwerdt, you may begin your conference.
Polly Schwerdt: Good morning. We would like to welcome you to Garmin Limited’s 2005 third quarter earnings call. Please note that a copy of the press release concerning this earnings call is available at Garmin’s Investor Relations site on the Internet at www.garmin.com/stock. Additionally this call is being broadcast live on the Internet and replay of the web cast will be available until November 26, 2005. A telephone recording will be available for 24 hours after this call. And a transcript of the call will be available on the web site within 48 hours at www.garmin.com/stock under the events calendar tab. This earnings call includes projections and other forward looking statements regarding Garmin Limited and its business. Any statements regarding our future financial position, revenues, earnings, market shares, product introductions, future demand for our products, and our plans and objectives are forward looking statements. The forward looking events and circumstances discussed in this earnings call may not occur and actual results could differ materially as a result of risk factors affecting Garmin. Information concerning these risk factors is contained in our Form 10K for the fiscal year ended December 25, 2004 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Attending on behalf of Garmin Limited this morning are Dr. Min Kao, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Rauckman, Chief Financial Officer; Cliff Pemble, Director of Engineering; and Andrew Etkind, General Counsel. The presenters for this morning’s call are Dr. Min Kao and Kevin Rauckman. At this time I would like to turn the call over to Dr. Kao.
Min Kao: Good morning. From the press release issued this morning, you can see that we again experienced another record quarter. There were many significant accomplishments since our last earnings report: x We recorded 26% growth in our aviation business, and 31% growth in our consumer business. Sales remained strong in all regions, led by the European region’s 54% increase in revenue. x More than 700K Garmin products were shipped in the 3rd quarter of 2005, a 31% increase over the 3rd quarter of 2004. We shipped our 13 millionth unit during the quarter - a significant benchmark of the strength of the Garmin brand. x 49 new products were introduced year to date. x The response to our portable navigation devices has been especially strong, resulting  in a triple-digit increase in the sales of automotive product line. x The introduction of C-series, i-series, StreetPilot 2720 and M3, not only provides industry leading features such as real-time traffic and text-to-speech function that speaks street names, but also offers the consumer significant choice on price, form factor, functions and capabilities. This large product portfolio allows us to reach a broad spectrum of retail channels. For instance, x Our very popular C-series is distributed by most mainstream electronics retailers including Circuit City, Best Buy, Office Depot, CompUSA, Staples, Fry’s and many outdoor retailers such as BassPro, Cabela, and REI. x Our low cost, and extremely portable i-series is offered by Target, Circuit City, Wal-Mart, REI, and West Marine. x Our high-end, full-featured StreetPilot 2720 is offered by Best Buy, Circuit City, CompUSA and Car Toys. x The nuvi “personal travel assistant” that was introduced very recently, combines navigation, language translator, travel guide, MP3, audio book, and other features, all in one very elegant, and easy-to-use device, is the latest Garmin innovation, which creates a new category for the mobile market. x Our market position in the automotive and mobile space has also been strengthened  by the many partnerships that were made during the quarter, which include: x Our partnership with Dollar Thrifty, which provides car renters with the very popular and easy-to-use C330. x Our partnership with Sprint/Nextel to offer Garmin Mobile - our entry into the wireless navigation arena, which provides voice turn-by-turn navigation on cellular handsets with a true moving map function which is an industry leading accomplishment. x Our tier-one OEM relationship with Honda, which provides a custom designed GPS navigation module on the 2006 Honda Gold Wing motorcycle. x In the aviation market, we completed our 1st autopilot and radar certifications, which are very significant accomplishments making Garmin the only general aviation provider that can offer all essential cockpit technologies in a single, highly integrated system. x Finally, as a part of our continuing effort to expand our XM offerings, we introduced the GPSMap 396 and 376, which offer pilots and mariners real-time weather information on portable devices. These products are industry firsts and have been received extremely well in their respective markets. x As a part of our growth strategy, we acquired MotionBased Technologies, which provides exciting web-centric functions to Garmin’s current and future customers through a community-based portal. This acquisition enhances Garmin’s location- based technology portfolio and we expect that it will contribute to our mobile business in the long term. x On human resources, we added over 60 new associates company-wide, including 21 new engineering associates, bringing our research and development group to over 660, and to approximately 2,800 total employees worldwide. x With regard to facilities, I am pleased to report that our manufacturing facilities have been running well and successfully delivered the many new products that were introduced year to date. We expect to acquire a new facility in Taiwan in the next few months in order to meet the anticipated increasing demand in 2006 and beyond. Additionally, as a part of our marketing initiative, we are planning to expand our European facility. As we look forward, we anticipate continued success for the remainder of the year. Consumer awareness and interest in GPS continues to grow, which is clearly reflected in our financial results. While aviation and portable automotive product lines currently lead Garmin’s growth, we also see growth opportunities in marine, outdoor, and fitness product lines as we continue to develop new products and expand each product category. Additionally, we continue to explore additional rental car relationships and automotive and motorcycle OEM opportunities. The introduction of Garmin Mobile with Sprint/Nextel also set the stage for Garmin to expand its technologies into the wireless navigation market. The demand for portable navigation devices continues to show a significant expansion, particularly in Europe, and we believe we are positioned to take advantage of this development. In order to capitalize on these opportunities, our marketing team has committed to a significant holiday season advertising campaign around the globe. We will be investing millions of dollars to promote the Garmin brand through extensive TV, radio and print ads. In the aviation market, we continue to be pleased with the strong growth displayed by this business segment. Over 1000 aircraft equipped with Garmin’s revolutionary G1000 integrated cockpit are in the field, and the number will continue to increase as certification on additional airframes continues. In summary, we are very pleased with our results. In light of our strong third quarter results, we have updated our financial guidance to include higher revenue and EPS for fiscal 2005. With that, I would like to turn the call over to Kevin to discuss our financial results and the updated fiscal year 2005 guidance.
Kevin Rauckman: Well thanks Min and good morning everyone. I’d like to quickly walk through the third quarter financial results and also update everyone on the year to date results. And then end, as Min just mentioned, on our updated guidance that we just came out with this morning in the press release. So to first talk about the third quarter and Garmin’s third quarter revenue reported this morning was $251.3 million up 30% from the year ago. Our North American revenue came in at $163.0 million up 21% from $134.4 million. Our European revenue was $75.6 million up 54% from $49.0 million. And our Asian revenue increased 25% to $12.7 million. The gross margin during the quarter decreased 620 basis points to 51.5% from 57.7% a year ago and down 140 basis points sequentially from the second quarter of this year. But the 51.5% was in line with our earlier expectation. Operating margin was 33.9% compared to 39.8% in the third quarter of ’04 but was up 20 basis points sequentially from the second quarter of 2005. We reported net income of $102.5 million excluding the foreign currency gain that we mentioned in the press release our net income was $72.9 million. We also reported earnings per share for the quarter of 94 cents. This was 67 cents per share excluding the foreign currency gain. So earnings per share for the third quarter increased 52% from the year ago quarter excluding foreign currency the increase was 16%. Our total unit fill for the quarter increased 31% to 708,000 units. This compares to 540,000 units in the third quarter of ’04. As I said we reported gross margin of 51.5% compared to 57.7% a year ago. The gross margin results are within the range of our expectations for the quarter and for the year. You may want to be reminded that in the third quarter of ’04 those results were abnormally high due to extremely high favorable product mix, favorable raw material costs a year ago. We had very low product transition costs in that quarter. And we’d also just begun shipping a G1000 for the first quarter a year ago.  Looking at the margins side segment, our consumer gross margin during Q3 of this year was 46.7% and our aviation gross margins during the third quarter came in at 66.5%. We continue to experience strong acceptance of our new product approximately 44% of our third quarter sales were generated from products that have been introduced within the last 12 months. Garmin achieved an operating profit during the quarter of $85.2 million which is an operating margin of 33.9%. This is a decrease of 590 basis points compared to the third quarter of ’04. During Q3 SG&A as a percentage of sales decreased 70 basis points to 9.6% of sales from 10.3% of sales in the year ago quarter. This is a 22% increase in dollars over Q3 of ’04 and it was driven primarily by increased advertising, increased finance and IT expenses, increased call center expenses, and other administrative expenses during the period. Our R&D during Q3 increased 40 basis points to 8% of sales from 7.6% of sales during the third quarter of ’04. This is a 37% increase over the prior period and this increase came primarily to the – due to the hiring of our new engineering staff, an increase in the engineering program costs. We did hire 21 new engineers during the period over the – affects Q2 of ’05 and actually hired just under 100 engineers and engineering associates since a year ago, September 2004. We now employ a total of 662 engineers and engineering associates around the world. Overall our total operating expenses as a percentage of sales decreased 20 basis points to 17.6% from 17.8% in the prior year period. I’m sure you saw that we experienced a $36.4 million foreign currency gain during the quarter as the U.S. dollar strengthened compared to our Taiwan dollar from $31.36 at the end of June to $33.19 at the end of September. This is nearly a 6% change of foreign currency. The majority of our company’s consolidated foreign currency translation gains or losses results from the translation into new Taiwan dollars at the end of each reporting period of the significant cash, receivables, and payables held in U.S. dollars by our company’s Taiwan subsidiary. This translation is required under GAAP because foreign currency as a subsidiary is new Taiwan dollars. To remind everyone, there is minimal cash impact from this foreign currency translation and we expect that the Taiwan subsidiary will continue to hold the majority of its cash in U.S. dollars. We also reported interest income during the third quarter of $4.7 million compared to $2.4 million a year ago. We are currently earning approximately 4.2% pre-tax return on our marketable securities and approximately 2.9% of our total cash balances on a consolidated basis. The effective tax rate during the third quarter came in at 18.7% close to our earlier guidance of 19.4% and about 130 basis points below our third quarter of ’04 rate of 20.7%. We expect that our effective tax rate for 2005 will remain at the year to date rate of approximately 19.1%. Looking at the segments the consumer revenue during the third quarter was $190.7 million and represents a 31% increase over third quarter of ’04. Our consumer segment during the period was 76% of our total revenues and we saw growth across both recreation and automotive produce lines but especially within our automotive produce line where we experienced triple digit growth during the quarter. Our consumer gross margin, as I said, decreased to 46.7% in the quarter from 55.9% a year ago. This was strongly influenced by the product mix within the segment as the automotive produce line became a much larger percentage of our overall consumer segment. In the future it’s our goal to take advantage of the automotive growth opportunity by offering products at a very attractive price in order to drive both revenue and EPS growth. If we continue to be successful with this automotive growth strategy, we could see a more significant change in our margin. Our consumer operating margin decreased 9.2 percentage points down to 30.9% from 40.1% a year ago. This was driven by the reduced gross margin that I just spoke about and increased R&D expenses partially offset by lower SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales. Our aviation revenue during the quarter increased 26% to $60.6 million compared to $48.1 million in Q3 of ’04. Our aviation business therefore was 24% of the total company. The revenue increase within the aviation segment is due to continued shipments of the G1000 cockpit, our other panel met products, and strong shipments of our portable aviation products such as the recently introduced GPSMAP 396 product. Our aviation gross margins increased to 66.5% from 63.1% a year ago primarily due to the favorable product mix within this segment. And our operating margins within the aviation segment were 43.2%. This is an increase of 4.1 percentage points compared to 39.1% in Q3 of ’04. So the overall operating margin within aviation is increase is due to improved gross margins, reduced SG&A and R&D expenses as a percentage of sales. We did experience strong unit growth within both the consumer and the aviation segments during the period. Looking next at the balance sheet, our cash and investments at the end of the quarter increased up to $702.3 million, marketable securities make up $369.7 million of this total cash position. Our accounts receivable balance was $151.8 million at the end of Q3 and represents an increase of $41.7 million from $110.1 million at the end of 2004. And we saw in Q2 our shipment linearity during the third quarter was back end loaded into September which caused the higher receivable balances in the quarter. Our date of sale outstanding of AR is 60 days at the end of Q3. This compares to 44 days a year ago. We also have seen strong cash flow in October as we have now collected a significant amount of the September sales during the early part of Q4. Our inventory increased to $173.2 million at Q3 ’05 comparing to $160.3 million at the end of Q2 of ’05. As expected our inventory days of supply metric remained essentially flat with the second quarter of this year at 121 days. We experienced the following inventory changes during the quarter.  Raw materials decreased $2.8 million to $54.1 million and represents about 35 days of inventory. Our work in process at assemblies decreased $2.2 million to $32.2 and represents 22 days of inventory. Our finished goods increased $17.0 million to $98.8 million and this represents 64 days of inventory. Our overall inventory reserve decreased down to $11.8 million during the quarter. We will continue to focus on our supply chain management during the remainder of 2005 and definitely into 2006. On cash flow for the business, our cash flow from operations was $85.9 million during the third quarter of ’05. Free cash flow generated was $81.2 million. And again we define free cash flow as operating cash less capital expenditures. Our cash flow from investing during Q3 was $40.9 million use of cash. Cash flow from financing was $12.9 million use of cash. And overall our CAPEX for the quarter was $4.7 million. Looking next at our year to date financial results, the year to date revenue now stands at $708.5 million at 31% growth over 2004. Our year to date gross margins as we discussed in the press release this morning has come in at 52.6%. Operating income year to date, $240 million and net income of $224.1 million. Our GAAP diluted EPS is now $2.05 which compares to $1.45 in ’04. This 41% increase in EPS includes a $23.8 million FX gain in the year compared to a half a million gain during ’04. So earnings per share results excluding the foreign currency stand at $1.88 per share again a 31% increase compared to the prior year. Breaking down our revenue on a year to date basis by geography, our North American revenue is $449.7 million a 22% increase. Europe year to date is now up 50% at $223.3 million. And our Asian revenue has seen a 42% increase up to $35.5 million. The consumer segment, consumer revenue is $538.4 million year to date a 29% growth rate over 2004 and makes up 76% of our business. The aviation revenue is now $170.1 million through the third quarter of ’05 a 37% increase when compared to year to date ’04. And overall both our consumer and aviation units combined, we’ve shipped just under two million units at $1.99 million a 26% increase from 1,587,000 year to date ’04. Our year to date operating profits of $240 million were 33.9% of sales. SG&A increased as a percentage of sales to 11% from 10.3% a year ago. Our SG&A dollars have increased 39% compared to 2004. Excluding the restructuring costs and legal settlement that we discussed in the second quarter on a year to date basis, SG&A has now increased 31%. Our R&D has decreased as a percentage of sales to 7.7% from 8.1% in 2004. The R&D dollar investment has increased 26% compared to a year ago. Going forward we expect to see higher advertising costs especially in the fourth quarter as a result of our strategic plan to promote the Garmin brand in the consumer market both in the U.S. and increasingly in Europe. Now Garmin Limited will pay a 50 cent per share dividend for all shareholders of record as of December 1, 2005. The payment will be made on December 15 in 2005 and will require approximately $54 million use of cash. Under our share repurchase plan, Garmin during the quarter purchased 352,000 shares for a total use of cash of $14.7 million. For year to date during 2005, we have now purchased 638,000 shares for a total use of cash of $26.7 million. There now remain 2.3 million shares that are available to purchase under our 3 million share repurchase plan. And finally I’d like to give a little bit more detail on our updated fiscal year 2005 guidance. As you saw we’re – we have now moved from representing our numbers in millions to billions. And we are expressing that our full year guidance will be $1.0 billion to $1.02 billion for the full year which is a 31 to 34% growth rate. Our gross margins for the year should come in at 51 to 52%, operating margins 32 to 33%. As I said earlier, our effective tax rate for the year should be 19.1%. Therefore our net income range will be between $276 and $282 million excluding any foreign currency. And our earnings per share expectation is now $2.53 to $2.58 which is a 22 to 25% bottom line growth. This assumes an outstanding diluted share count of 109.2 million and overall our CAPEX expectations for the full year just about $30 million. So that’s our update on the financials. I would welcome any questions. We have a Q&A line open. So feel free to join in.
