===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-17 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Incorporated First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. Reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Tim.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone, and good morning. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing today can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded. A replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Stephen Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO, and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Brendan Lawlor, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statements disclaimer and non-GAAP information, are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, let me now turn it over to Steve.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We delivered exceptional results for the first quarter. I'll share a few highlights upfront, and then Zach will take you through the numbers. Before we turn to the quarter, let me share a couple of thoughts on recent market volatility and our overall approach to managing the company through a period of economic uncertainty. I've seen quite a number of economic disruptions over my more than four decades in banking, and believe me, we have a robust playbook for managing through periods like this. Based on the current environment, we feel confident in our overall strategy for 2025 and continue to execute against it. We continue to drive progress against our objectives every day. Now with that being said, we recognize that the and those scenarios in turn could create additional headwinds within our industry. Regardless of the path the economy takes, we are well-positioned and expect to continue outperforming our peers. Our long-standing aggregate moderate to low-risk appetite has proven to help us deliver strong and more predictable results through the cycle. Even in the best of times, we are steadfast in our approach to credit and risk management, and this has resulted in consistent top quartile credit performance for net charge-offs. We also maintained an allowance for loan losses that is well above the peer median. Our foundation of We are intentional with whom we do business and in our selection of the geographies, industries, and exposures we want to underwrite and hold. We ensure broad diversification and adhere to strict limits with no outsized concentrations. As you've seen in our commercial real estate portfolio, We have a well-balanced and granular loan portfolio. Which we rigorously and proactively manage. All of this provides us with confidence in the foundation of the company and it allows us to capitalize on opportunities where others sometimes cannot. Two years ago in 2023, when many banks pulled back due to liquidity, capital, or credit concerns, we chose to invest. We took a different road. We demonstrated breakout performance and we invested for long-term growth. We took share and accelerated new customer acquisition, We hired hundreds of talented bankers, added capabilities and expertise, and executed very well. And those efforts are now helping us deliver leading deposit We also expanded our three focused areas of fee revenue and we're seeing good results in those areas as well. Huntington Bancshares Incorporated has never been better positioned. Now on to slide four, there are four key messages we want to leave you with today. First, we sustained the momentum from year-end through the first quarter. With robust loan growth and continued deposit growth. The business is performing exceptionally well and through the first quarter, we are ahead of our plans for the year. I'd like to thank all of my colleagues and teammates for their extraordinary efforts this quarter. And everything they do for our customers and company every day. Second, we're driving revenue and profit growth year over year consistent with the strategy we shared at Investor Day. We Profit growth is supported by our earning asset growth, expanded net interest margin, growth of value-added fee revenues, and disciplined expense management. Third, credit performance continues to be strong. We are proactively managing all of our loan portfolios. Fourth, our strong financial foundation enables us to operate through a range of Turning to Slide five, I'll recap our performance in the first quarter. We grew average loans by almost $9 billion year over year supported by both core businesses and new initiatives. Average deposit growth continued and increased by almost $11 billion year over year. Our deposit strategy remains focused on acquiring and deepening primary bank relationships, and we grew primary bank relationships by 3% in consumer and 4% in business banking over the previous year. Importantly, we are maintaining disciplined deposit pricing while delivering this growth. Our investments in value-added fee revenues continue to deliver with fee income increasing over 6% year over year led by payments, wealth, and capital markets. We are continuing to invest in these areas. For example, in capital markets, we're excited to welcome Chris Wood to lead the continued build-out of our leverage finance program and private equity coverage. We invested in talent and launched two new verticals, Financial Institutions Group and Aerospace and Defense. In North and South Carolina, we are accelerating our branch expansion plans We're excited to bring the entire Huntington Bancshares Incorporated franchise to this region. These investments will drive long-term value creation for shareholders and contribute to the medium-term goals. Our capital levels improved as well with adjusted CET1 growing by 20 basis points from the prior quarter to 8.9%. In anticipation of reaching our operating range, the Board approved a $1 billion multiyear share repurchase authorization which provides us flexibility for capital deployment. Turning to Slide six, let me take a moment to share the top-level revenue and PPNR trends we've delivered. 10% year over year revenue growth and 24% year over year PP and R growth. As I said, the business is performing very well and continuing to build momentum. Are optimistic about Huntington Bancshares Incorporated's future and the opportunities that lie ahead. As a reminder, the board and management are collectively a top ten shareholder and we are fully aligned and committed to our investors to drive outperformance and additional shareholder value. With that, I'll ask Zach to provide an overview of the financial performance. Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide seven provides highlights of our first quarter results. We reported earnings per common share of $0.34. Return on tangible common equity or ROTCE came in at 16.7% for the quarter. As Steve noted, pre-provision net revenue PPNR, expanded by 24% year over year to $783 million. Adjusted for notable items, PPNR rose 18% year over year. Average loan balances grew by $2.7 billion or 2.1% from the prior quarter. Average deposits increased by $2.2 billion or 1.4% versus the prior quarter. Reported CET1 ended the quarter at 10.6%, increasing approximately 40 basis points from last year. Tangible book value per share has increased by over 13% year over year. We continue to demonstrate strong credit performance with net charge-offs of 26 basis points. Allowance for credit losses ended the quarter at 1.87%. Turning to slide eight. Consistent with our plan and prior guidance, loan balances grew for the six consecutive quarter, driven by commercial loans, which increased $2.2 billion or 3.1% from the prior quarter. Year over year, loans grew 7.3% driven by continued production in the core business and contributions from the new initiatives. During the quarter, growth from new initiatives continued to accelerate from the prior quarter, and represented $1.3 billion or approximately half of the total growth. The primary drivers of new initiative loan growth in the quarter included Financial Institutions Group, mortgage servicing, Funds Finance, North and South Carolina, and Texas. Of the remaining $1.4 billion of loan growth from existing businesses, we delivered $697 million from Corporate and Specialty Banking, $439 million from Regional Banking Commercial and Industrial, $9 million from seasonally higher balances within distribution finance, and $301 million from auto. Offsetting a portion of this growth was lower commercial real estate balances, which declined by $261 million. Turning to Slide nine, Since the first quarter of 2023, we have consistently delivered deposit growth well above peer levels. Average balances increased by $2.2 billion or 1.4% driven by continued household growth. We lowered our overall cost of deposits in the quarter by 13 basis points to 2.03%. This outperformed the expectations we shared in January and reflects our disciplined deposit pricing. On to slide ten. During the quarter, we drove $31 million or 2.2% growth in net interest income. This reflects almost 11% growth year over year and the fourth consecutive quarter of net interest income dollar growth. Net interest margin was 3.1% for the first quarter, up seven basis points from the prior quarter. The increase in interest margin from the prior quarter included two basis points higher spread net of free funds, a one basis point reduction from higher cash balances, a four basis point benefit from lower drag from the hedging program, and a three basis point benefit from interest recoveries and other smaller items. We were very pleased with the performance of the underlying 307 basis points of NIM in the quarter which beat our earlier expectations, primarily as a result of strong performance in deposit beta. Turning to Slide eleven, Our level of cash and securities at quarter-end remained at 28% of total assets consistent with the prior quarter and we held modestly higher cash balances in the quarter. We have continued to reinvest cash flows into treasuries, which now represent 20% of our total securities portfolio. Up 8% from a year ago. As I have previously stated, we expect to manage the duration of the portfolio at approximately the current range. Turning to Slide twelve. We continue to manage our hedging program. To both protect net interest margin from a lower rate environment as well as protect capital from potential higher rates. Over the last twelve months, we have reduced our asset sensitivity to a near-neutral level. During the first quarter, we added to our down rate risk hedges with approximately $4 billion in floor spreads. We continue to analyze multiple potential rate scenarios and will remain dynamic. As we continue to calibrate to the most likely rate environment. Moving to slide thirteen, On a GAAP basis, non-interest income increased by 6% or $27 million from the prior year. We continue to see solid growth. Driven by payments, wealth management, and capital markets. As a reminder, the first quarter is generally a seasonal low for fee revenues. And we expect fee revenues to grow over the course of the year. Moving to Slide fourteen. Within payments, we saw 6% growth year over year in the first quarter. Driven by a 15% increase in commercial payment revenues. Treasury management fees grew 10% as we continue to penetrate and deepen within our customer base and benefited from an increasing contribution from our new merchant acquiring model. Moving to wealth management, on Slide fifteen. Fees increased by 15% on a year over year basis. AUM continued to grow increasing 6% from the prior year with Wealth Advisory households up 11% year on year. We've gathered approximately $1.4 billion in net flows over the last year as we continue to execute our strategy to deepen our advisory penetration into our customer base. Moving to Slide sixteen. Capital markets grew 20% year over year supported by commercial loan production related capital markets activity including notable strength in underwriting and syndications. Turning to Slide seventeen. GAAP non-interest expense decreased sequentially by $26 million primarily because of a seasonal reduction in incentives and revenue-driven compensation. Slide eighteen recaps our capital position. We continue to drive common equity Tier one higher, and our capital management strategy remains focused on our top priority to fund high return loan growth. While continuing to drive adjusted CET1 inclusive of AOCI we into our operating range of 9% to 10% over time. As Steve stated in his remarks, the Board approved a $1 billion share repurchase program which provides Huntington Bancshares Incorporated flexibility our expected capital distribution plan over the next several years. The timing of repurchases will be discretionary and depend on a number of factors. Including the macroeconomic and interest rate environment, as well as the pace of loan growth. We would expect any repurchases in 2025 to be modest. Turning to Slide nineteen. Credit quality continues to outperform. Net charge-offs decreased four basis points in the quarter. Allowance for credit losses was 1.87% lower by one basis point from the prior quarter. And up $32 million sequentially. Reflecting strong loan portfolio growth and continued solid credit performance. Turning to slide twenty, the criticized asset ratio increased to 3.98%. The non-performing asset ratio ended the quarter two basis points lower at 61 basis points. Let's turn to Slide twenty-one, for our outlook for 2025. Clearly, is more uncertainty in the economic outlook for 2025 today than there was at the beginning of the year. As Steve noted earlier, we run the business with a highly dynamic approach, where we continually analyze multiple potential economic scenarios ensure that we have action plans ready not only to manage but to outperform in all of them. The business performed exceptionally well in Q1. And we have momentum going into Q2. Based on our results thus far in 2025, our full-year guidance is the best estimate for how we will perform this year. On loans, we continue to expect growth within the prior range of 5% to 7%. Based on the robust performance in Q1 and the momentum that is carrying into Q2, we are well on track to achieve that objective notwithstanding the less certain economic outlook. A less volatile economic environment, we would likely have increased our guidance. On deposits, we expect to drive growth within the prior range of 3% to 5%. As we focus on growing primary banking relationships and new households. For net interest income, we're increasing our guidance on a dollar basis to plus 5% to 7% based on our strong first-quarter performance and benefiting a stronger NIM. As noted previously, this level would reflect record net interest income on a full-year basis. Fee revenues are tracking within the 4% to 6% prior range. Expense growth is also tracking to the prior range of 3.5% to 4.5%. Driven by sustained investments in revenue-producing initiatives and overall growth in the business. On credit, we continue to expect net charge-offs for the year to be between 25 and 35 basis points. I will also share some color on expectations for the second quarter. We expect sequential average loan growth between 1% and 2%. Deposits are expected to grow as well as we focus on self-funding our loan growth. We expect net interest income to grow modestly. Fee revenues are expected to grow modestly from their seasonal Q1 low. We expect expenses of approximately $1.17 billion, the sequential increase of approximately $20 million driven approximately half from the full quarter impact of annual merit, and the remainder higher expected revenue-driven compensation from growing fee revenues. Lastly, we expect Q2 net charge-offs within our full-year range. Turning to Slide twenty-two. In closing, we remain focused on driving long-term shareholder value creation. Our performance is driven by our culture and our purpose. We operate a powerful franchise that is both scaled and diversified. With multiple sustainable growth levers from a position of strength. Risk management is deeply embedded in our culture. Throughout the years, we have consistently demonstrated top-tier performance in stressed environments. As measured by DFAST and CCAR data. Our focus on adjusted CET1 inclusive of AOCI, demonstrates the rigor our capital management approach. Our liquidity remains top tier in the industry. The organic growth we are driving continues to significantly outpace our peer group. And supports the attractive revenue and profit growth we are delivering. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and before we move to Q&A, let me take a moment and thank Tim Sedabres, for his leadership of our Investor Relations program over the past four years. Many of you know him well, given his strong relationships and his counsel has been of great value to us. Tim will be taking on a new role within our finance organization as part of his development plan. Leading our corporate forecasting and profitability team. We look forward to accepting our new Head of IR in the coming weeks. Tim, thank you and over to you for questions and answers.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, Zach. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Tim. Pressing the star keys. And please ask us one question and one follow-up. And if you have additional questions as time allows, One moment while we pull for questions. First question today is from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning. Just my first question. Good morning. My first question is for Zach. The net interest margin clearly came in higher than expectations. Sort of just wanted to unpack you know, what you said. Should we think about flat net interest margin trends relative to the 3.10 or should we take out the interest recoveries? And as we contemplate what you've said in the past and obviously the neutral rate positioning that you showed us, should we then apply sort of that flatten net interest margin thought process for the rest of the year?
Zach Wasserman: Good morning, Erika. Great to hear you, and thanks for the question. I just want me to unpack a bit of that. So for the first quarter, I'd say prior remarks, really the big driver of the outperformance for us was deposit pricing. And for frankly, the team's executed exceptionally well and beat our own internal plan. You know, if you just think about that topic for a second, through the fourth quarter of last year, we achieved a cumulative deposit beta of down 24%. And our expectations as we go into this year was to see continued sort of gradual improvement on that down beta getting to the high thirties by the end of 2025. We achieved actually 37% just in the first quarter. So it was a significant acceleration of that performance and, you know, just really, really great results. And that's really primarily what drove us above what we expected to be, you know, flat to the 3.03 roughly level we were at in Q4. You know, so I think about the kind of run rate from here to the second part of your question, We're looking at our current run rate as around 3.07, Erika, to be to answer your question. And I see under most scenarios here, and there's clearly a wider range of scenarios that one might think about at this point. But in our most of either zero cuts or as many as three or four that are in the curve right now pretty consistent within a few basis points outcome around that 3.07. For the remainder of this year. So pretty flat within the reasonable range of 3.07 the next three quarters. I continue to model numerous scenarios as you know out of the longer term, and all of those really continue to indicate opportunity for us to see rising NIMs at 2026, aligned to what we talked about at length at our investor did a couple of months ago. So pretty similar kind of shape of that curve just phase shifted up a little bit to 3.07 in the near term.
Erika Najarian: Exactly. And my second question, if I may, is for Steve. I thought the $1 billion in buyback authorization is interesting. You know, it's pretty clear from the performance in the quarter and your outlook that your business momentum continues to be, you know, best in class because to your point, you were able to zig when everyone else was zagging given your superior capital and risk management in 2023. So is that just really a message of you know, if tariff uncertainty continues to hit the banking sector, you wanted flexibility to support your stock because you see inherent higher value, I'm just trying to, you know, not to put words in your mouth, but in the over decade that I've covered you, you've never been a huge fan of buybacks. So just wanted to, get your thought process on that.
Stephen Steinour: Thank you, Erika. Since you've covered us a bit before, we've had a consistent approach to capital allocation. First, the growth, and we're getting really good growth now as you pointed out, best in class. Second to the dividend, third to other uses, including buybacks. We expect to buy back a bit this year, and we've got a multiyear opportunity. And so depending on the economic situation, we're prepared now to do buybacks. And expect that we will on some modest basis this year and then continuing as we go forward.
Erika Najarian: Got it. I'll requeue. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Zach Wasserman: Morning, John.
John Pancari: On the deposit cost progress in the quarter, definitely better than expected. Could you maybe give us a little bit of color on where you're seeing that success? Is it tied into the new efforts on the certain product side or is it programs that you've been pushing through and across the, you know, pricing programs across the products? It's just if you could help us get a, you know, a better picture around the success on that front versus the competitive backdrop? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yeah, good question John. This is Zach, I'll take it. In general, I would characterize the outcome that really is a function of the consistent plan we've had around down beta. So not really any sort of change in that strategy, just a great execution of it. And outperformance of it. Just if I remind you, so the five key levers that we had highlighted us integral to our down beta plan over the last several quarters. The first was decreasing the mix of CDs within the overall funding base and secondly, shortening their duration. Thereby, you know, setting us up to be ready to see a higher beta on that product set. Over time. That continues to work very well. I will note, by the way, in the CD area, we're seeing historical CDs expire, and we're retaining the large majority of those customers at significantly lower rates, something like approximately 100 basis points lower. And that's a meaningful piece of that overall deposit cost reduction. Because the third part of our downgraded plan was as we acquired in volume, acquiring that in money market as opposed to time deposits, and that really, again, a high beta product allows us to either manage through for potential future interest rate reductions. You know, fourth, we reduced our go-to-market price I think as we've talked about a number of times in the past, we are incredibly segmented in terms of how we think about deposit pricing. In the consumer and business world, very much on a regional basis, In the commercial world looking at industry segments and size bands, And we look, you know, almost every day, if not certainly every week, at where's the competitive pricing and we have purposely reduced our pricing within that overall sphere. And then lastly, fifth, selectively reducing pricing on existing segments. And no, we had a lot of confidence as we came into the year that we would be able to execute our overall beta plan very, very well. And we challenged ourselves to some degree to go even harder than that. And to the team's credit, they really performed very, very well. The last thing I'll say is, you know, to some degree, you may remember when we set Q1 guidance, we also expected deposits to be about flat actually quarter to quarter. And not only do we have a four-month deposit cost, we actually have to four-month volume as well and grew that. I think it's just another testament to the deposit franchise is incredibly strong.
John Pancari: Great. Thank you, Zach. Appreciate the color there. Then on loan growth, I know you indicated that the new initiatives are being generated about half of the loan growth in the quarter. And, you know, can you help us a little bit in terms of what new yields you're bringing the paper on? I mean, there's questions out there like are you you've got to win that share from someone. And therefore, is it pricing that's getting you there, or is it just getting stepping up the focus in these areas where you haven't had the And and I know the margins have been competitive because of your funding dynamics. But how about the new loan yields? Is there any way to help us about what yield these new these new papers coming on at? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. It's a great question, John. And the short answer, I will go back and forth. The short answer is the new yields are coming on pretty consistent with our overall production yields. Not leveraging any kind of overly aggressive pricing to win there. We are seeing you know, we've talked about this a lot. We have hired extraordinarily experienced bankers who have deep connectivity and relationships. And the model we have to bring the expertise of a large bank down to a local level in the Carolinas and Texas, and then separately the expertise the deep, deep expertise of our industry vertical specialist banking leaders is really what's causing us to win here, not pricing. And in fact, when I look at the return on capital of those deals through our capital, approval committees, they look very attractive. Just as an indication, we talked about the fact that the Carolinas, you know, achieved profitability last year during the year. It's a great sense of how the pricing is going. So not leveraging well, overall pricing there and seeing, you know, a lot of good strength. And I think you know, when we look at the outcome of them, that's a testament to that. We're not seeing any kind of degradation in our run right now. Even as we really accelerate loan growth throughout the last part of last year. And the guidance would tend as well.
John Pancari: Great. Thank you, Zach. And good luck, Tim. Best luck in the new role.
Tim Sedabres: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning.
Zach Wasserman: Morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Just maybe one question is, you had a very, very strong first quarter. I think head and shoulders about most of your peers. Just talk to us in terms of how things evolved during the quarter, Steve. Maybe did things start off extremely strong and then March and maybe even the last couple of weeks Have you seen that weakness that we all worry about in terms of the economy and clients being on the sidelines? Or just how would you describe how the quarter evolved?
Stephen Steinour: We as we announced it at year-end, we had a very strong pipeline coming into the first quarter. And we also had activity that didn't close in the fourth quarter that spilled into the first. So we had a good start. January was a very good month, but we've had each of the months have been very good. There hasn't been a tail-off per se, but some of the activity that we actually thought would fund in the first quarter has been deferred, just a modest amount of it. And that is largely an equipment finance and tariff-related issues or concerns. But as you know, we had a really good first quarter. Our pipeline going into the second quarter, again, with high probability close, is almost the same level as it was in the first quarter. So our second quarter unless something dramatically happens, should be reasonably strong as well. So we're not seeing a material drop-off by any stretch, and things that are being deferred have the potential to be stacked into the second half of this year. And, you know, we usually have a very strong fourth quarter.
Ebrahim Poonawala: You picked up a lot of talent just wondering, is there an amount of growth that's coming from the bankers that you've hired bringing on their books of business, which should happen no matter what? Is there a component of that that we should keep in mind when we think about Huntington Bancshares Incorporated's loan or deposit growth?
Stephen Steinour: Absolutely. Our new colleagues remember this, roughly an average 20-year tenure on that and they are outstanding. We just had our board session in Charlotte, to meet the entire teams in the North and South Carolina, like, you know, obviously very enthused by our directors about what's been accomplished and encouragement to do more. So they're an important part of the overall results, and we expect that they'll have runway now for years, but I would also suggest the core is performing very, very well. And our colleagues in the more traditional business lines are just doing a great job. Our commercial real estate which has run-offs quite a bit in the last year is stabilizing. And we expect to have a stable, if not, modest growth in pretty this year. So it's all coming together as planned. We shared these expectations at the Investor Day just roughly 60 days ago, and we're executing against it. And we're not changing our plan now. We're all in force, and we're gonna continue to execute.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Manan Gosalia: Hi. Good morning, all. Steve, can you expand on what you're hearing on the ground from clients since April second? You know, what is the sentiment? What are they telling you? And what actions are they taking in this environment?
Stephen Steinour: There's a wide range of issues if you will to talk about in this regard. Try to do it in a summary fashion. We have customers that are not reliant on imports. Or exports. If anything, they feel more bullish. As a result of the intro. Because there's less potential, less competition, certainly less price competition. Tariff activity. We've got a lot of trade that goes on between Canada, Mexico, that is exempt because of USMCA. And so no effect. If you'll recall, the auto dealers did very, very well. Some of their best years in a COVID environment where they had more margin on new, and used as well. So there are pockets of real strength here. There are other areas, large distribution, finance, for example, where there's some import restriction, being felt through tariffs, and that utilization has dropped off a bit. I mentioned equipment finance where some of what we finance gets imported and decisions to defer. At the name. But again, a broad spectrum, there are winners not just losers. I think the headlines suggest, well, everybody's impacted. And in a negative way, that is not the case. There are a number of businesses that are gonna do very well. And as you know, we have a very broadly diversified portfolio. So we'll have those that are gonna be winners and some others that'll be temporarily impacted.
Manan Gosalia: Very helpful. And then maybe as a follow-up, you saw pretty strong loan growth this quarter. Noted that you would have increased the guide in normal circumstances. But then you also said you're not really expecting a drop-off in loan growth in the second quarter. So your guide would then imply a pretty meaningful slowdown in loan growth in the second half of the year relative to what you're seeing right now. So are you just being more conservative here and if not, what would cause you to pull back on loan growth in this environment?
Stephen Steinour: We have had an aggregate moderate to low-risk appetite for a decade and a half. That hasn't changed. That and that's not going to change. So we will run the company with that in mind. It's our policies, our credit processes, etcetera, And we will be consistent in generating new business. We're being a bit cautious with that second-half guide, and hopefully, overly cautious, because this could be an exceptional year where we've got a very strong start, We're confident in the second quarter. If things come together, with the individual tariff negotiations with a variety of countries, I think we'll have an opportunity to beat that guide.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Thank you, and all the very best, Tim.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Jon Arfstrom: Hi, Steve. Echo that on Tim. Nice job. Thanks for everything. Steve, where are you the most focused right now in terms of risk management? Obviously, a strong record historically on risk. But what are you telling your teams to kinda double and triple check at this point?
Stephen Steinour: Well, good morning, Jon, and thanks for the question. You know, like most of my career early on was at risk and credit risk specifically. So we have been very, very diligent on portfolio management now for a number of years. And we will continue to do that. But the things stale information, things that might reflect some challenge with our customers. Our view is we're here to support our customers. And so if there's bad news, we want to hear it, and we want to be in a position to help them get through it. And so it's a very constructive view, and that's both consumers and business. And so there's an active outreach effort, if you will, that with an extra alert around the environment. That we're emphasizing. There's no one particular portfolio of unique focus. I would say the portfolio management efforts are and have been broad-based and will continue. And as we get more capabilities in terms of data and use of data, think of what's coming with generative AI, we'll do more and more inquiry. And review.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Good. That's good. Thank you. And then, Zach, for you, non-interest income guide for modest growth sequentially. It looks like in your materials, you're pointing to the year-over-year growth rates, and I'm just curious how you want us to think about that modest growth. And I guess I'm particularly interested in capital markets and what kind of a bounce back you expect there? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yep. Great question, Jon. Just, you know, in the area fees, I will note some feel really, really good about the strategy and where this is going over the moderate term. You know, 11% year-over-year growth in those key fee areas of focus payments, wealth management, capital markets is in line with what we discussed at Investor Day and just the underlying trends there look exceptionally good. You know, as you go into Q2, are expecting to be higher quarter to quarter as I noted. You know, the amount of that will be a function of kind of where we land in the equity market levels to some degree that affects our management income and cap markets. You know, what's interesting in the cap market space I think we've discussed this a night before, you know, about two-thirds of that business is commercial loan production related. And are expecting to have a solid quarter of growth in commercial loan production, and that should flow through into cap markets activities. We noted in the presentation that the strength in risk management activities, for example, and loan syndication. So that should continue. We should see that continue to track higher. Obviously, M and A Advisory is the one that is the most sensitive probably of any of our businesses to uncertainty. And we did come into Q1 expecting to have a somewhat stronger Q1 than it ultimately came to pass. We saw some delays of deal-making activity. And I think that's gonna be to some degree what happens there as a function of how this uncertainty in the economy resolves. If I talk to our m and a adviser team, they're still pretty bullish on the I will say. I mean, the pipeline looks good. Look not only good in terms of size, but in terms of quality. The companies that are in it are very high quality and should be able to transact. It's just gonna come down to, you know, things closing a couple of weeks before the quarter or potentially pushing it out to the next. So I do expect to see growth and, you know, so I pull back maybe lastly, Jon, to answer your question, you didn't ask, but it's related. In that fee guide of 4% to 6%, I think the biggest puts and takes for us 'll push us to the top end versus the bottom of that range is really that m and a advisory world, what happens with the cap markets. And so, you know, that'll be what we have to watch here. But strategically, the team is executing exceptionally well and look what we've got. Somebody's trying to be high. Okay. Jon, just to add a bit, we had a record number of had kept on a record number of initiatives in the first quarter, so the year set up very well, Obviously, current activities will cause some delay. But this could be a very strong capital market share for us on the IP side as well.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Alright. Thanks, guys. Appreciate it.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of David Long with Raymond James. Please proceed with your questions.
David Long: Good morning, everyone.
Zach Wasserman: Hi, David.
David Long: I understand that the credit metrics for you guys look real good right now. But specifically, what is the what are the uncertain backdrops impact been on your quantitative CECL model and overall reserve levels?
Brendan Lawlor: David, this is Brendan. I'll take that. First of all, we model many different scenarios as we try to come up with a reserve on a quarterly basis. It's, you know, as we think about the economic environment is the component of it. We have a we're a Moody shop. And so we use, you know, a baseline scenario a somewhat positive scenario, which at this point doesn't look much different than the baseline scenario. And then we also incorporate a downside scenario. We will weigh the output that comes out of our modeling to derive the quantitative. And what we've seen over the last quarter is that as the scenarios for Moody's have softened, have seen much more of the risk being picked up through the quantitative modeling that we've done. And so, you know, that's where we then will step in and provide the qualitative side of it. To get to the strong reserve coverage that we've have posted and been pretty consistent with. So you know, I feel really good about the position we're sitting in at this point. And you know, we look forward to as this evolves, we'll reevaluate every quarter through that same lens.
Stephen Steinour: David, as you'll recall, we have typically top tier or even best off in all the d test prior tests. So there's a consistency in terms of stress credit risk within the portfolio. It's one of the reasons for the last fifteen years we've released quarterly data on the consumer book. And those trends are consistent now for that period of time. If anything, they've actually become a bit more conservative over time. So we feel very good about the credit foundation within the company, and optimistic about the future performance. The modeling we do would reflect that.
David Long: Got it. Thank you for that color. Second thing that I wanted to ask about was, what does the pipeline look like for continuing to build out in the Carolinas and Texas and the newer verticals as well as are there any new geographies or new verticals planned for the rest of the year?
Stephen Steinour: As we announced it at the Investor Day we expect to add one to two new verticals every year we had an accelerated effort early on but we do expect to add verticals this year. And I think it was last September when we announced we were planning to open fifty-five branches over five years in Carolinas. Looks like that'll be closer to three, so that's a bit of acceleration. Three years, and, you know, we're continuing to look to increase our capabilities in a variety of our markets. We're adding colleagues in Chicago, a substantial number of colleagues. An example. So we're pressing forward, building out the franchise, in multiple ways, both pre-existing and the newer aspects of it.
David Long: Got it. So it sounds like that you guys continue to play offense despite any, you know, increase in uncertainty in the economic backdrop.
Stephen Steinour: Well, we are very cognizant of what's going on around us. We have contingent plans. We've got a range of opportunities both on the expense and management side that are well laid out internally. So we and our board know what we'll do under various scenarios. But we are gonna continue to execute the plan. We've delivered great growth. We are optimistic that we're gonna get through this challenging period of uncertainty, and the as the country not be in good shape, economy in good shape, and we're gonna move forward. With there will be pockets of issues, no doubt, but that's why we have such a well-deserved side and actively managed portfolio.
David Long: Great. Steven. Thanks for taking the questions.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I wanted to ask a question regarding slide sixty-two, the criticized commercial loans. You guys one of the few that give all this detail. And, I mean, the kind of overall is quite strong, but always looking for kind of early indicators of the inflection. And when I looked at the upgrades to past, and the pay downs, they were both down a decent amount. I'm just wondering if you guys also view that as kind of, like, a very early indicator of a central reflection, or is it just a matter of seasonality, timing, things when it gets so good, or just elaborate on that chart. I thought it was pretty interesting. Thanks.
Brendan Lawlor: Sure, Matt. This is Brendan. I'll take that. We spent a lot of time talking about that as the quarter evolved and really what you're seeing pick up specifically in that line item of the upgrades past, they were several transactions that were slated to close as we got closer to the end of the month of March that really just drifted into April, and they just didn't the refinancing or the support that they were bringing in, it drifted over into the first two weeks of the month. And so what we've seen is, you know, for the quarter, we had an 8% increase in quick class overall. I'd say to you, about a third of that got picked up you know, would've would've if it had closed two weeks earlier, you know, would've been picked up in this number. So it was a little bit of timing, frankly, than anything else. And that's what gives us comfort that, you know, even the strong position that we're sitting in front here, I think we're gonna probably be flattish for the remainder of this year.
Stephen Steinour: As you know, Matt, we've come down very substantially over the last year. At some point, we'll plateau. I don't think we're at the plateau yet. I'm a little more bullish on our ability to manage the book. Than what Brendan just related, but it will plateau. And we don't believe we have significant loss content in the grid or class at this stage. Brendan and I review the top fifty every month and have a confidence in that modest loss expectation. Thank you for the question.
Matt O'Connor: Thank you. That's helpful.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Ben: Hey, good morning, guys. This is Ben on from Ken's team. Zack, a question for you. Can you just talk about how you expect the drag from the hedging program to traject throughout the rest of the year just given this new rate curve? You got the four basis point benefits NIM this quarter. And then just how are you thinking of using that hedging program out into the rest of the year and out into the medium term just to manage the rate sensitivity of the bank just given the volatility in the rate curve? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yep. You got it, Ben. Good. Excellent question. Thanks. So in terms of hedging, this is maybe also answer your second one first. More strategically how we can you I'll come back to the nuances around the hedge trajectory. You know, we've been very intentional on coming through in the discussions you've had in the last several quarters of gradually reducing our asset sensitivity as rates reach their peak and as we now expect to kind of likely a down trajectory, but still with a fair amount of uncertainty around whether that'll happen and when. And so we think this sort of neutral positioning that we're at now is really very optimal. It's our general expect now, and I will say we look at it every single month, and we did rigorously, and we dynamically manage it. So it could change. But at this point, our posture is to maintain that neutrality through the end of this calendar year. As you go out into 2026, at this point, the less less less declarative, I would say. I'm expecting probably a regrowth in asset sensitivity as we go into 2026. But at this point, we've got a fair line of sight to the rest of this year, and it's pretty neutral. And that neutrality is really what kind of underlies the statements I made earlier. I think it's Erika who asked us in terms of just the kind of the potential range of scenarios right now. We see a pretty flat NIM outcome within a few bps of the 3.07 run rate NIM we generated in Q1 for the rest of this year. And then rising into next year, and it's sort of supported by that neutral position. So that only gets to the trajectory this year. In the fourth quarter, last you know, just two quarters ago, we had an eight basis point drag from hedging. As we came into the first quarter, our guidance had indicated and actually we're coming to pass exactly was a four basis point reduction of that. The benefit of four bps in Q1 and it left us with a hedge drag of four bps in the quarter. Well, we expect that to get down to about neutral by the middle of the year. We could get back all four bips into Q2. It might be a little bit more leaking into Q3. We'll see. It'll be dependent on, you know, what really happens, obviously, with Fed fund actions here. But effectively neutral, and then probably a little bit of drag coming back in by the end of the year. If you take the implied forward from March thirty-first, it would be something like four bps of drag by Q4 of 2025. And so you can imagine in your mind that sort of a u shape right, a four bip drag going down to roughly zero and then going back up to four. So that's why I think about it just, you know, sort of the beginning of this year to the run rate exit of this year it's about neutral. It's not that much delta between that. But, again, if rates are different, we'll see obviously a different result there. It just if I share one last thought, if you look at it to 2026, it looks about flat to that four, maybe even reducing a little bit as we go out from there. So I think most of the action will occur this year, and then it'll be about neutral to go out into 2026.
Ben: Great. Thank you for all the color.
Zach Wasserman: Welcome. Good question.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the end of the question and answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Stephen Steinour for closing remarks.
Stephen Steinour: Thank you for joining us today. In closing, our teams continue to deliver exceptional results highlighted by our leading loan and deposit growth, and PP and R growth. Looking forward into 2025, while the economic outlook is less certain, we have momentum and we feel confident in our strategy. We have experienced management teams and contingency playbooks to deploy to manage through various economic scenarios. We've never been better positioned. We've never been better positioned, and we're confident in our ability to continue to drive outperformance. So finally, thank you to the nearly twenty thousand colleagues who would not be able to take care of our customers and drive this level of performance outstanding performance without your efforts. Thank you for your interest in Huntington Bancshares Incorporated today. Have a great one.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-01-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone, and good morning. Copies of the slides, we will be reviewing today, can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and a replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer; Brendan Lawlor, Chief Credit Officer will join us for the Q&A. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statements disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. Building on a good third quarter, we delivered very strong fourth quarter results, which Zach will detail later. 2024 was an exceptional year for Huntington with our teams delivering accelerated growth over the course of the year. We're very grateful to our 20,000 colleagues who drove these results, while living our purpose every day, as we make people's lives better, help businesses thrive and strengthen the communities we serve. Now on to Slide 4. There are five key messages we want to leave you with today. First, we drove record fee revenues and accelerated growth of loans and deposits. This reflected contributions from both existing and new businesses. Our investments into new geographies and capabilities are delivering attractive returns and we're seeing accelerated contributions from these new areas. We delivered sequential growth in both spread and fee revenues in the quarter. We move into 2025 with strong momentum. We are poised to deliver record net interest income and fee revenues for the full year. Third, we are executing our down beta action plans and lowering deposit pricing. This supports management of net interest margin through a dynamic interest rate environment. Fourth, we are achieving strong credit performance. This is a direct result of our disciplined client selection and rigorous portfolio management aligned with our aggregate moderate-to-low-risk appetite. Fifth, through execution of our growth strategies, we are driving profit momentum into 2025 and beyond. I'll move us on to Slide 5 to recap our performance last year. 2024 was a breakout year for Huntington. Our many years of consistent and disciplined management benefited us as we came into the year with robust liquidity and capital as well as stable credit. This position of strength enabled us to accelerate growth in our core, add new capabilities and teams and expand into new geographies in North and South Carolina as well as Texas. We're just getting started here. We believe our investments and focused execution will deliver robust organic growth in future years. The results in 2024 included growing average deposits by over $7.5 billion and growing average loans by over $3.5 billion. Our growth accelerated over the course of the year with our new initiatives increasing contributions to our overall results. Additionally, our fee revenue businesses are performing exceptionally well. Within payments, we brought in-house our merchant acquiring capabilities and increased treasury management products and services. Within wealth management, we're expanding advisory household relationships 9% year-over-year and gathering increased wealth assets from our customers. Capital markets set a new quarterly record for revenue in the fourth quarter at $120 million, an increase of 74% from a year ago. Turning to Slide 6. Let me take a moment to share the top-level revenue trends we've delivered. The organic growth we are driving continues to significantly outpace our peer group. We are well positioned to drive attractive and sustained revenue. These revenue growth trends support expanding PPNR into 2025 and beyond. Now let's turn to Slide 7. The growth opportunities today are the most attractive they've been since I joined Huntington. We have three primary areas of focus. These include executing the organic growth strategy I shared earlier, driving revenues higher and maintaining our consistent approach to risk management. We have numerous growth levers, both in our existing markets and businesses as well as the collective set of expanded geographies and new capabilities. We see substantive opportunities to expand loans, deposits and value-added fee revenues. These efforts will result in sustained revenue expansion in both fee and spread revenue. Huntington benefits from a consistent approach to risk management that has served us well for many years. We expect this bedrock principle to remain unchanged as we maintain our aggregate moderate- to low-risk appetite. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 8 provides highlights of our fourth quarter results. We reported earnings per common share of $0.34. Return on tangible common equity or ROTCE came in at 16.4% for the quarter. Average loan balances increased by $7 billion or 5.7% versus last year. Average deposits increased by $9.7 billion or 6.5% versus last year. CET1 ended the quarter at 10.5% and increased roughly 30 basis points from last year. Adjusted common equity Tier 1, including AOCI was 8.7%. Tangible book value per share has increased by 6.9% year-over-year. We maintained strong credit performance and are positioned to continue to outperform. Net charge-offs were 30 basis points, stable from the prior quarter. Allowance for credit losses ended the quarter at 1.88%. Turning to Slide 9. Consistent with our plan and prior guidance, year-over-year average loan growth continued to accelerate. Loan growth in the fourth quarter increased 5.7% year-over-year, rising from 3.1% year-over-year in Q3. Average loan balances increased sequentially by $3.7 billion or 2.9%. This exceptional loan growth reflects strong production and contributions from our existing and new businesses. During the quarter, new initiatives represented $1.1 billion in growth or 30% of the total net loan growth. Growth from new initiatives continued to accelerate as we have guided previously, increasing from approximately $700 million and $500 million in the prior two quarters. Of the $3.1 billion of loan growth from existing businesses, we saw $766 million from auto, $421 million from regional banking, commercial and industrial, $511 million from asset finance, $327 million from higher auto floorplan balances, $85 million from seasonally higher balances within distribution finance, $165 million from all other consumer categories net, including increases from residential mortgage and home equity, offset by lower RV and marine balances and approximately $800 million collectively across the commercial bank. Of the $1.1 billion of loan growth from new initiatives, the largest contributions in the quarter came from Funds Finance, North and South Carolina and Texas. Offsetting a portion of this growth was lower commercial real estate balances, which declined by $465 million. Turning to Slide 10. The result of our accelerated loan growth continues to be a differentiated position compared to our peers. Over the last year through the third quarter, the peer group reported lower loan balances, down nearly 3% at the median. During this time, Huntington outperformed the median by approximately 6%. Importantly, we have sustained deposit growth to self-fund our expanded loan balances with deposit growth also substantially outperforming peers on a cumulative basis. Turning to Slide 11. We delivered deposit growth through the fourth quarter. Average deposits increased by $2.9 billion or 1.9%. This growth was led by our commercial customers. Non-interest-bearing deposits expanded, growing by approximately $800 million on average, totaling 18.6% of total deposits. We lowered our overall cost of deposits in the quarter by 24 basis points to 2.16%. This is consistent with the trajectory we shared in our mid-quarter update and reflects our disciplined deposit pricing. On to Slide 12. During the quarter, we drove a $45 million or 3.3% growth in net interest income. This reflects over 6% growth year-over-year and net interest income has increased for the third consecutive quarter. Net interest margin was 3.03% for the fourth quarter, up 5 basis points from the prior quarter. The change in net interest margin included 3 basis points lower spread net of free funds, more than offset by 3 basis points benefit from lower cash balances and a 5 basis-point benefit from lower drag from the hedging program. Turning to Slide 13. Our level of cash and securities at year end decreased to 28% of total assets, as we saw modestly lower cash balances in the quarter. We expect to operate at or around this level going forward. We have continued to reinvest securities cash flows into treasuries and, as previously stated, expect to manage the duration of the portfolio at approximately the current range. As previously disclosed, we sold approximately $1 billion of corporate securities during the fourth quarter. This repositioning was beneficial to risk-weighted assets and capital ratios and resulted in a pre-tax loss of $21 million with an earn back of less than two years. Turning to Slide 14. We continue to manage our hedging program with two objectives in mind, to protect net interest margin from a lower rate environment as well as to protect capital from a potential higher rate environment. We have remained relatively stable in our hedging position since November. We continue to monitor the likelihood of potential rate scenarios and will remain dynamic as we adjust to the rate environment. Moving to Slide 15. On a GAAP basis, non-interest income increased by $154 million from the prior year. On a core underlying basis, adjusting for the impacts of the loss on securities, CRT transactions and the pay fixed swaptions mark-to-market from the prior year, fee revenues increased by $96 million or 20%. Moving to Slide 16. We have continued to see powerful acceleration from our focus on three strategic fee businesses. For the full year, fee revenues as a percentage of total revenue increased to 28% from 26% the prior year. Within payments, we saw 8% growth year-over-year in the fourth quarter, driven by a 16% increase in commercial payment revenues, benefiting from higher treasury management fees and the launch of our new merchant acquiring model. Wealth management fees increased by 8% from the prior year. AUM continued to grow, increasing 16% from the prior year, with wealth advisory households having increased by 9%. Finally, Capital Markets completed a record quarter with $120 million in revenue. That's up 74% from the prior year. Our Capstone Group had a phenomenal quarter, helping to lead our strong capital markets results. Turning to Slide 17. GAAP non-interest expense increased sequentially by $48 million and underlying core expenses increased by $57 million from Q3. The primary driver of the increase in expenses was in personnel costs, largely comprised of higher revenue-driven compensation expense, which was $42 million higher in the quarter. Slide 18 recaps our capital position. Common equity Tier 1 ended the quarter at 10.5%. Our adjusted CET1 ratio, inclusive of AOCI, was 8.7%, up approximately 10 basis points from a year ago. Our capital management strategy remains focused on driving our top priority to fund high-return loan growth while also driving capital ratios higher. We intend to drive adjusted CET1 inclusive of AOCI into our operating range of 9% to 10%. On Slide 19, credit quality continues to perform very well. Net charge-offs were 30 basis points for the quarter, stable from Q3 and within 1 basis point of that level over the past four quarters. For the full year, net charge-offs also totaled 30 basis points, well within our through-the-cycle range. Allowance for credit losses was at 1.88%, lower by 5 basis points from the prior quarter. This reflects the continued strong credit performance and loan portfolio growth. Turning to Slide 20. The criticized asset ratio improved for the third consecutive quarter to 3.76%. The non-performing asset ratio ended the quarter at 63 basis points, relatively stable over the prior three quarters. Let's turn to Slide 21 for our outlook for 2025. We expect to continue to drive robust loan growth with balances expected to increase between 5% and 7% for the full year. Deposits are also expected to sustain growth with balances increasing between 3% and 5%. We see net interest income on a dollar basis growing between 4% and 6% this year. As noted, this level would reflect record net interest income on a full year basis. We will maintain our focus on key fee revenue areas, including payments, wealth management and capital markets, which we expect to lead to noninterest income growth between 4% and 6% for 2025. Expense growth will be driven by sustained investments in revenue-producing initiatives, albeit at a moderately lower pace of growth than we saw in full year 2024. We expect expense growth between 3.5% and 4.5%. The pace of expense growth will in part be driven by revenue levels and the associated variable compensation expense. Importantly, we see positive operating leverage for full year 2025. Related to credit, we expect net charge-offs for the year to be between 25 and 35 basis points. The effective tax rate for the year is expected to be approximately 19%. Let me also share a couple of thoughts on where we see trends for the first quarter compared to the fourth quarter. We expect average loan balances to grow approximately 2%, average deposits to be relatively stable sequentially, net interest income on a dollar basis to be lower by approximately 2% to 3%, reflecting normal day count headwinds as well as a modestly lower net interest margin. Fee revenues normalizing in the first quarter given seasonality and recognizing the record level we delivered in the fourth quarter. Fee revenues are expected to be approximately $500 million in the first quarter and then expand from that level over the course of the year. Expenses are likewise expected to be lower in the first quarter, given the strong year-end production levels we delivered in the fourth quarter. We forecast expenses to be down approximately 2% from the fourth quarter, the exact level of which will fluctuate dependent on revenue-driven compensation. With that, we'll conclude our prepared remarks and move to Q&A. Tim, over to you.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, Zach. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question is coming from Manan Gosalia of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning.
Manan Gosalia: Zach, can you talk about the confidence around the NII guidance range? It's a tighter range than last year. And I ask because I know there's a lot of uncertainty from trade and immigration and tax policy. So I just wanted to get a sense of what's embedded in that guide from a macro perspective.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great question, Manan. I appreciate your focus on that and the short answer to your question is we're very confident that we can drive revenue growth within that range. Ultimately, when we see the year playing out, obviously, still pretty dynamic here in terms of short-term rate outlook and even what's going on in the belly in the longer term part of the curve. But we see the ability to manage the NIM within any reasonable range of zero cuts to up to two or three cuts at approximately flat throughout the course of 2025, rising as we go into 2026 and beyond with the normal upward sloping yield curve and just continued growth in the -- in high return areas, but generally flat in NIM for 2025. It's really going to be loan growth therefore and earnings asset growth overall that drives the revenue performance this year. And we think we've set the range at a level that's very achievable and within the run rates that we're seeing now.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And you're growing loans faster than deposits this year. It sounds like you're reversing some of the trend that we've seen in 2024. Can you talk about what's driving that? And does that give you more room to flex on deposit costs as you go through the year?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. That's another good one. Look, in terms of loan growth, we're running right now in the -- in the fourth quarter, we just posted 5.7% growth, greater than the 5% that we've been calling out for some time in terms of the exit growth rate we'd see. Feel really good about that. As we noted in some of the prepared remarks, about 60% of that coming from the core, 40% from the new initiatives. So really good mix of growth. As we go into 2025, that 5% to up to 7% growth in loans is for the most part just sort of continuing on that run rate. But we think the growth composition in 2025 will be approximately half-and-half between the core and the new initiatives. So continuing to see nice balance, but certainly great performance in -- across the board. As we -- as you think about the loan-to-deposit ratio, we were very intentional over the course of the last couple of years to drive strong deposit growth. I think we've talked a number of times before this that to some degree, we were prefunding what we expected to be accelerating loan growth and so hopefully -- so pleased to see that plan play out well. As we think about the plan for '25, growing deposits still pretty well here, between 3% and 5%, our core funding most of the loan growth, but also benefiting from the fact that we have taken the loan to deposit ratio down a bit. So I think that does set us up pretty well to continue to drive the beta plan, which has outperformed thus far into the first quarter and see further down deposit pricing even as we accelerate loan growth.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from John Pancari of Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Zach Wasserman: Hi, John.
John Pancari: On -- related to that growth that you're just talking about on the loan side, can you maybe help us with the new money loan production yield that you're bringing on these new loans at, so overall, new money production yield versus your existing yield? And then maybe more specifically underneath that, what is the new money yield on that $1.1 billion this quarter generated from the new initiatives?
Zach Wasserman: I appreciate the question, John. And I'm not going to dive into the depths of that, but I'll sort of talk a bit about this at a high level. The yields we're seeing ultimately are very consistent with kind of spread levels we've got in the business overall. That's why you're seeing that pretty consistent level of NIM. Obviously, the business being roughly 50% fixed asset production. Those are keyed off of the belly of the curve, the other 50% being variable keyed off of the shorter end. One of the things I didn't say, just a minute ago, when Manan was asking was that, if you sort of unpack what's going on in yields and NIM, we continue to benefit from quite a bit of fixed asset repricing given where the belly is and so all those things will help us together to get to that stable NIM we talked about before.
John Pancari: Okay. All right, Zach. Thank you. And then just hopping to capital. The -- I know the CET1 at 10.5% that's down to -- adjusted for AOCI 8.7% and I know, you're targeting 9% to 10% including of that. So fair to assume, I know buybacks are still kind of on hold. How long do you see that? Do you see a potential change in that outlook as you look at the capital generation that you're forecasting for the year? Just trying to think of how we should think about capital return.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Good question. As you think about capital for us, we're focused on the goals that we've had that are unchanged, most important of which is funding high-return loan growth and so we're pleased that that's really been a great opportunity for us to deploy our internally generated capital. That adjusted CET1 ratio of 8.7%, our objective remains the same, which is to drive that up into the 9% to 10% operating range and I expect that we'll do that within the first half of 2025 and then continue to drive that higher solidly within that range. My working forecast at this point, John, is that if we continue to see RWA growth and loan growth as we're forecasting, it will likely be bouncing around the kind of the low 9s throughout the course of 2025. It obviously also depends on where the longer end of the yield curve is, just where the AOCI marks trend. Yet under that scenario, there's relatively little capacity to do share repurchases in the near term. Over the longer term, as we continue to drive share -- CET1 up into that range, I would expect us to return to more normal distribution, including share repurchases. So, 2025 will to some degree really be dependent on that pace of loan growth and where the longer end of the yield curve ends up coming through.
John Pancari: Okay, great. All right. Thanks, Zach.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Ebrahim Poonawala of Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hi, good morning.
Zach Wasserman: Morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess, Zach, just following up on the comments around the loan-to-deposit ratio, as we think about, let's say, loan growth meets deposit growth in '25, just talk about your expectations around the incremental margin and what's the incremental cost of deposits that's -- that are coming on relative to where you see the rest of the book repricing?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Good questions. With the loan-to-deposit ratio, we ended with -- exiting Q4 level was 79%. So it really gives us a powerful opportunity to continue to drive loan growth faster than deposit growth for some period of time, even though we're looking to core fund. And look, the marginal spreads we're seeing now are very consistent of us mentioned earlier in John's prior question too, what we've seen in the past and I think obviously, in the near term, we'll continue to see acquisition deposit rates come down and benefit from the lower yield curve is what's going on with Fed funds reductions. But over the longer term, we'll continue to see that NIM begin to rise as we go into 2025 and -- the end of '25, excuse me, into '26 and beyond.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And I guess just one quick one on the fee outlook around payments, wealth management cap market. How much of the fee growth is tied to lending or I'm just trying to think through if lending or loan growth are slower, could you still have a fee revenue backdrop which could be in line or better than, what you've guided this morning?
Zach Wasserman: No. Fundamentally, the fee strategies are there to support the overall core business and so the faster the core business grows, the more fee revenues opportunities there are, of course, and it will give you a sense as you look at some of our new growth initiatives in the Carolinas, in Texas and some of the new specialty commercial businesses. As those grow, we're seeing nice pull-through in terms of fees, particularly treasury management, Ebrahim. With that being said, the -- another core element of the fee strategy is really penetrating the opportunity more fully. So wealth management, for example, I wouldn't consider to be highly correlated with loan growth more around, kind of what we're seeing in terms of penetration. So, it's broadly correlated, but I think also very independent in terms of the strategies that we're driving. My expectation over the long term is we'll see payments, wealth management, capital markets all being high single-digit to low double-digit growth in revenues in a pretty sustainable way over the course of the long term.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Brian Foran of Truist. Please go ahead.
Brian Foran: Hi, all. I guess--
Zach Wasserman: Hi, Brian.
Brian Foran: Hi, I definitely recognize that your '25 loan and deposit growth guide. Most of your peers so far seem to be like flat, up 2%, so you're continuing peer-leading growth. But just in terms of like -- it's kind of like flat to decelerating in terms of growth rates from where we are now and conceptually like why would you decelerate? Is it macro inputs or is it seasoning of investments? Or what would -- to the extent your growth rates are flat to decelerating, what would drive that kind of change in the derivative, I guess?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great question, Brian, and appreciate you recognizing this peer leading performance, because we certainly feel pretty good about that. The way I think about it is sustaining the current run rate of loan growth. Again, we talked earlier 5.7% year-over-year in Q4, it's pretty much spot in the middle of the loan growth range and certainly, there's potential that will be at the high end of that range, which would represent acceleration actually of loan growth. Deposit growth of 3% to 5% is somewhat of a deceleration from the growth rate we saw in 2024, but really reflective of us not needing to grow deposits as much and purposely driving down the cost of deposits and benefiting from frankly that, that really advantageous position we have in loan-to-deposit ratio. So a great way to manage the NIM overall in the face of a sort of dynamic interest rate environment we've got at this point. Over the longer term, I would expect to fairly well match up fund with core deposits kind of in the business model as you go out past '25, but we're kind of managing, just the dynamic nature of the environment right now and so that's how I think about it, sustaining about accelerating loans and really purposely managing the deposit volumes to ensure that we can have a solid NIM and drive overall revenue growth, which is the objective in the end.
Steve Steinour: Brian, this is Steve. There's also seasonality. We're a very large asset finance lender, as you know, and that typically has a very strong fourth quarter and so annualizing up that fourth quarter, it doesn't reflect seasonality in asset finance and some other businesses that are seasonal in nature, but we're coming into '25 with momentum. We have had -- we're about 50% better this year to last year with pipelines in most of the businesses. So we've got a lot of confidence in the loan growth within the range, we talked about, and perhaps if the outlook continues to be robust, we'll have an opportunity to exceed.
Brian Foran: That's really helpful. Maybe as a follow-up, the eight -- I was going to say, eight states and three verticals. The eight verticals and three states, anything you would highlight as kind of the standout on the good side? Do you think that's been maybe a little bit more challenging? And as you think about investments for '25, is it mostly about continuing to invest in the eight and the three? Or is there anything that could potentially be new verticals or new states on the docket?
Zach Wasserman: Well, Brian, great question. Thank you. We've invested in the core markets as well as these three new geographic markets and then these eight verticals. So, we've added several hundred of RMs and new business generators in the last year and a half. We're very pleased with the overall performance. We've had some outstanding results. We're off to a strong start in both Carolinas and Texas. Our Funds Finance business has ramped up faster than any business we've had -- any specialty business we've had. They're all doing reasonably well. In aggregate, they're ahead, meaningfully ahead of expectations. But the regional geographies of the Carolinas and Texas on a direct expense basis, all actually made money last year. So we like the start. We're confident. We have excellent colleagues, who are -- who have joined us and we're well positioned to continue that growth. So organic growth is our priority and we'll continue to look for growth from those, where we've made investments and at the same time, as you saw earlier this month, we launched two others with aero, defense and FIG and there will potentially be additional specialty verticals as we go forward, probably not at the rate of the last year and a half.
Brian Foran: Thanks so much.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is coming from Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jon Arfstrom: Hi, thanks. Good morning.
Zach Wasserman: Hi, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Hi, Steve, just maybe following up on that a little bit on loan growth. You -- or in your prepared comments, you said this -- these are some of the most attractive opportunities you've seen since you've joined Huntington and 50% higher pipelines. Can you talk a little bit about the borrower feedback that you're hearing over the last few months? And then if you could touch a little bit also on the core growth, the $3.1 billion in core growth was obviously much stronger and you guys flagged lower CRE. So just kind of curious, if there's a sentiment change and what's driving that core growth?
Steve Steinour: Yes. Jon, the borrower sentiment, the customer sentiment, I should say, is consistently positive. The outlook post-election has changed. You see it in the confidence measures indices that are both consumer and business and so when I'm out, I've probably been out with 100 or so customers and prospects since the election and it's almost 100% or more positive about '25 and beyond. So there is a -- there is a consensus, I think, of expected growth, increased inventories. We saw record asset finance in the fourth quarter, about $600 million more than we did previously as a record and I think that reflects sort of an unlocking of expectations. So, there is a lot of deferred finance activities, I think, in the first half of the year and then waiting to see the election and then decisions were made and significant investments reflected in the fourth quarter. December was a very robust month for us, for example, in the asset finance side. So we're heading in. The momentum we have is reflective, I think, of the settlement and gives us a lot of confidence as we come into the year. In terms of core growth, we -- again, we have some seasonality in that core growth in the fourth quarter with asset finance. And commercial real estate, we believe is close to bottoming out. We're prepared to increase the outstandings and commitments in CRE, the book has performed exceptionally well. In aggregate, the Group is performing exceptionally well. So while we're talking about loan growth, in the same way about fees and deposits with our 2024 performance and so we come into the new year with a lot of confidence in terms of our growth.
Jon Arfstrom: Yes. Good. That's very helpful, Steve. And then one more for you with the new administration coming in and some changes in the regulatory leadership, what regulatory changes would you like to see, what could help Huntington? Thanks.
Steve Steinour: I think the business community as a whole will benefit from a more positive pro-business orientation with the new administration and so I think you'll see more of acquisition and combinations in the business community as a whole. I think in banking, we will have more stability and less uncertainty about liquidity and capital and other issues. I think the banks generally are well capitalized and this overhang of Basel III, I think, will get addressed fairly quickly. Beyond that, I believe a more constructive dialogue about willingness to do business with less oversight and constraint is probable and we'll just have to see if that develops.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Thank you. Very nice results. Yes.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Nathan Stein: Hi everyone. This is Nate Stein on behalf of Matt O'Connor. I wanted to ask about the NIM components. In October, you said NIM should be above 3% in the second half of '25, but you're above 3% now. I heard you say modestly lower NIM in the first quarter, but can you elaborate on your NIM outlook for the full year?
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Thank -- excuse me, this is Zach. Thanks for the question. Across the course of the year, I'm expecting to see approximately 3% NIM, plus or minus a few basis points on a quarterly basis, but generally pretty flat throughout the course of this year. As I mentioned a minute ago, we do continue to see the opportunity to drive NIM higher as we go into '26 and beyond, particularly driven by the just continued normalization of an upward sloping yield curve. If you kind of unpack the drivers of NIM in 2025 -- excuse me, one major benefit for us, which we've seen come through powerfully throughout the course of '24 as well as fixed asset repricing. To give you a sense, in 2024, we had about 12 basis points of benefit from fixed asset re-pricing. As we go into 2025, I'm seeing continued benefit and just based on the kind of increases in the belly of the curve in the slightly longer part of the yield curve recently, seeing about 10 basis points likely a benefit from fixed asset re-pricing in 2025. So that will continue to be a really powerful headwind also back -- it will continue into 2026 and beyond, by the way. So that will be one of the drivers of a longer term, continue to move higher in NIM. And then another factor that will be helpful for us is deposit pricing and interest-bearing liability costs continuing to reduce. We did significantly accelerate beyond what our initial plan had been deposit pricing actions in the fourth quarter. It's one of the reasons why we drove outperformance in the fourth quarter more than we would have expected and we continue to feel pretty confident here about being able to drive beta as we previously indicated and see deposit costs come down through the course of the year. Clearly, that will be to some degree a function of what's going on with the interest rate environment and are we in an extended pause or are there further rate reductions and what the strong market and client sentiment is around where interest rates will go, but we do see further opportunity to reduce funding costs. The offset to that clearly would be the 50% of our loans that are in variable pricing status will follow SOFR. SOFR will come down into the first quarter from the fourth quarter on average, just given the kind of late Q4 Fed fund reduction we saw in December. So that's one of the reasons why I've called out likely a little lower net interest margin here in the first quarter. But over the course of the year, we're able to balance the variable yield impact with funding cost reductions and then the last factor is hedging. We saw in the fourth quarter a benefit as the hedge drag continued to reduce as we had previously indicated. I expect to see a further modest benefit as we get into the middle part of this year and then, if the curve stays as it is, probably a few basis points of drag into the back half of the year. If you look kind of across the totality of the year in terms of hedging, likely a couple of basis points benefit on a full-year basis and relatively similar here between Q4 and Q4. So several puts and takes. If I take a step back, for us, the NIM outlook for 2025, it's a pretty dynamic environment and the drivers are different on a quarterly basis. But the net result of that should be about flat throughout the course of this year and then rising as we go into '26 and beyond.
Nathan Stein: Okay, great. Thank you. And then separately, can you talk about the securities repositioning you did this quarter? You sold $1 billion of securities and I get there was a big march up in the long end of the yield curve, but are you planning on doing more of these repositionings?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, great question. So the short answer to your question in terms of more is not likely. The repositioning that we did was selling about $1 billion of corporate securities that had a higher risk-weighted asset -- excuse me, weight on them and so by selling them and repositioning the portfolio, we were able to unlock capital. Also at a pretty attractive earn back. The teams have now completed the reinvestment of new securities at the higher yields and we expect to see a less than two-year payback on that. So pretty tactical, pretty marginal, I think in overall size, but attractive in and of itself. One of the things that is different with Huntington than perhaps others in the regional banking space is that because we had so effectively hedged the securities portfolio before the rate cycle began that the opportunity to do significant repositioning is simply just smaller and so, the plan we have with the securities portfolio is just to continue the current approach and benefit from those hedges that we have put in place in the past.
Nathan Stein: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from Erika Najarian of UBS. Please go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Just a question -- good morning. The question I'm getting a lot from investors, and I'm sure you'll address this in Investor Day, is where are you sort of in the investment cycle? I think that investors have fully embraced the accelerated revenue growth at Huntington and really appreciated that you invested when everybody else was battening down the hatches. And as we think about just going forward, do you feel like the opportunities are still there and that you're going to be at a heavier lift from an investment standpoint for now and I'm sure we'll hear about it in a few weeks or is there sort of a point of time where you feel like you can enjoy widening positive operating leverage because you had so front-loaded the investment spend?
Steve Steinour: Erika, this is Steve. Thanks for the question. We have a momentum in the investment decisions we've made -- as a result of the investment decisions we've made, and we have been approached on almost all of those specialty businesses, those verticals and essentially, the same in the regions as well. So we're seeing business come to us -- business opportunities come to us via a number of avenues, sometimes directly in the management, sometimes through colleagues, but very seldom in the last year and a half have we used a recruiting firm for any of our new colleagues and these investments. So there is a list of areas that we've maintained over the years that we have explored. We continue to update that list if we happen to have an approach going forward that we think makes sense or we see an opportunity that makes sense, we will look to pursue that. So we are not at the end of an investment cycle. Having said that, we have significant momentum now and confidence in our growth and the potential, because so many of these are relatively new to continue to press forward and we intend to do that and we'll talk more about it at the upcoming IR Day on February 6. But we're performing exceptionally well. We have momentum. The last -- I think, it would be a mistake to pull back prematurely and I believe, we're going to see more opportunity again in '25.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just a follow up. I know it's an off-cycle year for category for banks on the stress test. I'm wondering, how you feel about participating this year and readdressing that stress capital buffer?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, Erika, this is Zach. I'll take that one. Our stress capital buffer right now is at the minimum, 2.5% and so, which we were pleased to see.
Erika Najarian: So you'll leave it alone. Got it.
Zach Wasserman: Clarifying to that, I think, we'll leave that one alone. We run internal stress tests every single year. It's a very rigorous process. We continue to feel very, very good about the ability for the capital base to withstand stress environments as we go from here.
Steve Steinour: Yes, because as you saw a year and a half ago, the quality of the deposit franchise, the absolute amount of insured to total on the backup facilities that Zach and our treasury team have put in place gives us just a unique position of confidence combined with capital and stable credit, excuse me, notwithstanding challenges at that moment. We remain very confident in our credits as you've heard and we'll run the stress test and, obviously, review output carefully and we're in a period where there's more geopolitical volatility, et cetera, but we think our capital and overall position is very strong and when we look at capital plus reserves, we're top tier.
Erika Najarian: Excellent. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Erika.
Operator: Thank you. We're showing time for one final question. The final question today is coming from Brian Foran of Truist. Please go ahead.
Brian Foran: Hi, I was just trying to wrap my head around provisioning for and reserve build first release in '25, and I know under CECL, it's almost impossible to forecast and guide with any kind of precision. But can you just talk about like where you're, on the one hand, you got a reserve for loan growth, which is pretty good. On the other hand, I didn't realize it till just now, but I mean, your criticized assets are now down 20% over nine months and your reserve is pretty high versus peers while your charge-offs are pretty low. But kind of where do you see the puts and takes? I mean, should we think about dollars of reserve release in '25 or is it more about provision that brings the ratio down, but is a stable reserve in dollars or just kind of any kind of central tendency that you would give us on, whether we should be thinking about reserve release build or somewhere in between?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Brian, great question. This is Zach. I'll take that. And if you think about our reserve, just take a kind of step back and frame it strategically and then I'll zoom in a little bit more tactically and answer some of -- the most of your questions. But strategically, the goal for us is to always maintain a very rigorous and robust reserve. Really, as Steve just noted a second ago, not only protection against credit scenarios, but also in a better form of capital. So we feel really good about where the reserve has been and if we look across the arc of time, when we -- look, at CECL day 1, our credit reserve was 1.70%. In the kind of worst period of COVID, that had risen to around 2.3% of our memory reserves made in the early part of 2020. You know, when much of the industry pretty rapidly reduced those reserves in 2021. We also reduced them somewhat, but nowhere near at the same pace, because we knew that the economic environment was still somewhat unsettled and had a lot to play out as ultimately came to pass and so, put us in a really strong position. With that being said, we always expected that as the economic uncertainties that have really been out there for the last couple of years, will there be a soft landing, will there be a hard landing, will there be no landing at all? What will be the kind of the trajectory of the interest rate environment and even the political environment uncertainties? As those would resolve, there would be an opportunity if those results favorably as they ultimately have been doing to reduce reserves and also fundamentally to watch the performance of the book, which has been really good and so what you've seen, for example, last four quarters is a gradual and modest release of reserves -- reserve ratio, even as we've actually maintained dollars or increased dollars at the loan growth, but as the loan portfolio grew. So where we stand today, 188 is obviously higher than that CECL day 170, presuming that the economy continues to perform well, that the outlooks continue to be solid and particularly, given the loan growth we expect to see, it is not improbable to see that ACL coverage ratio as a percent continue to go down even if the dollars might be flat to higher given loan growth. So that's sort of how I think about it strategically. To your point, we look at this quarter by quarter by quarter, it really is an extraordinarily rigorous analysis. There's no predetermination of any of that. We're going to see the world play out on each quarter. But assuming that everything continues to play out as we're talking about, I would assume that over time there will be further reduction in the ACL coverage ratio and we'll continue to drive loan growth higher, so the dollars may be more flat to growing, but the ratio would likely decline.
Brian Foran: That's awesome. If I could sneak one last one in. I get a lot of questions about if M&A kind of eases, will Huntington be a buyer? And I would say with the context, there's three or four other regional banks, five or six even that I cover who I get the same question. So it's not unique to you. But maybe, you could just remind us where you are in terms of deal mode, attractive, unattractive right now, on the priority list, not on the priority list. Certainly appreciate you've shown the ability to grow organically and there's a lot on your plate there, but it is something that comes up a lot.
Steve Steinour: Brian, it's Steve, great question. I was wondering when this might come up. We've said over the years that we're very focused on driving top-quartile organic growth. We've just made a significant number of investments and in the core as well as what we talk about with these regional expansions and eight verticals, so the core also is getting a fair amount of investment in. And we're managing expense, Zach has shared this over time, reducing core expense as -- on a continuous basis through a number of actions and yet investing over, so there's a net expense growth. We really like this equation. We believe we have significant core opportunity of growth as well as with these new investments and we're very focused on that. The business is performing exceptionally well. And we've shown the ability over time to be able to do, I think, in the last decade, two bolt-on depository acquisitions and we're thrilled with Capstone and they just had a record quarter. So, there is a capacity to do things, but the priority is organic growth. And we're -- as we've said before, we're highly disciplined in the selection. TCF was a home run near $500 million of expense reduction, big revenue generation synergies and some great businesses along with great colleagues. So if it makes sense, we would look, but our priority to be very clear is organic growth. Thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. That brings us to the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Steinour for closing comments.
Steve Steinour: So in closing, our team just delivered exceptional results for the fourth quarter and highlighted by our leading loan and deposit growth and record fee income. Our credit trends, as you saw, remain stable. We're very pleased with the overall risk management disciplines we have had in place now for years. Our management team is focused. We're executing our strategies that I've shared earlier, and we expect to sustain the growth momentum into '25 and beyond that we just illustrated. We look forward to sharing more details on the growth outlook during our upcoming Investor Day on February 6. We hope many of you will be able to join us in person for this event. As a reminder, collectively, the Board executives and our colleagues are top 10 shareholder, and we believe this strong alignment is important to sustaining value creation for all shareholders and second, finally, thank you to all my colleagues. Just you did an outstanding job, great quarter. So for those on the call, we're out -- we're grateful for your interest in Huntington, have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's event. You may disconnect your lines or log off the webcast at this time and enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-17 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares 2024 Third Quarter Earnings Review. At this time, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone, and good morning. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing today can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and a replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Brendan Lawlor, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statements disclaimer and non-GAAP information, are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We are very pleased to report outstanding results for the third quarter, which Zach will detail later. 2024 continues to be a dynamic year and our year-to-date results demonstrate Huntington's strength and consistent performance. These strong results reflect the dedication of our nearly 20,000 colleagues across the bank who live our purpose every day as we make people's lives better, help businesses thrive, and strengthen the communities we serve. Now on to Slide 4. There are five key messages we want to share with you today. First, we are driving accelerated loan growth along with sustained deposit growth. These results are supported by our core businesses, as well as the successful execution of new initiatives, including expanded geographies and commercial banking verticals. Second, we are actively executing our down beta playbook as the market enters a declining Fed rate cycle. We are dynamically managing the balance sheet and coupled with our growth outlook, we expect to deliver record net interest income in 2025. Third, we continue to drive fee revenues higher with sustained momentum across our three major focus areas: payments, wealth management, and capital markets. Fourth, our credit performance remained strong during the quarter with stable net charge-offs as well as lower non-performing and criticized assets. This is a direct result of our consistent disciplined credit management and our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. Finally, our performance during the quarter set the foundation for continued organic growth and increased profitability into 2025 and beyond. I will move us on to Slide 5 to recap our performance. We delivered accelerated loan growth in the quarter with average balances growing by 3% from a year-ago. End-of-period loans increased at a 6.3% annualized rate. Average deposit growth continued at a robust pace increasing by $8.3 billion or 5.6% over the past year. We drove capital ratios higher again with adjusted common equity Tier-1 of 8.9%. This benefited both from capital accretion from earnings as well as reduced AOCI. Our fee revenue strategies are delivering with GAAP fee income increasing by 3% year-over-year. On an adjusted basis, core fee revenues demonstrated robust growth increasing by 12% from a year-ago, driven by payments, wealth management, and capital markets. We are sustaining momentum in the growth of primary bank customer relationships. As we continue to acquire new customers across the footprint, consumer PBRs have increased by 2% and business banking PBRs have increased by 4% year-over-year. We have delivered PBR growth consistently with year-over-year increases for over a dozen consecutive quarters. We have continued to invest across the company to drive sustained organic growth. Last month, we were pleased to announce our full franchise and branch expansion into the Carolinas. This builds upon the success of our earlier investments in the commercial and regional banking teams over the past year. These markets represent some of the most attractive geographies nationally given their size and growth characteristics. We've hired well-established colleagues with local expertise in these markets and the results today are tracking much better than our initial business case. We've also invested substantially in our payments businesses, particularly in treasury management, including bringing in-house our merchant acquiring capabilities. The merchant acquiring business completed its final testing phase in September and implemented its full commercial launch in early October. The opportunity within merchant is substantial. And when at scale, we expect it will add 1 percentage point to overall fee revenue growth. Credit trends overall are holding up very well supported by our long track record of disciplined client selection. Our consumer portfolios are constructed around prime and super-prime exposures. Within these portfolios, consumer delinquency rates remain stable. We are continuing to see sound fundamentals from our commercial customers. They've managed this rate cycle and inflationary changes well with stable revenue and profitability trends. Overall, our customers continue to show strength and resiliency, which supports a constructive outlook for sustained organic growth. We exited the third quarter with robust production levels in September and with momentum that has carried into the fourth quarter. As an example, our Regional Banking group posted record loan production ex-PPP in the third quarter. Heading into the fourth quarter, late-stage commercial pipelines at quarter-end are up 68% from a year-ago. Our teams are actively implementing our down beta action plans. Fee revenue growth was robust in the third quarter and we have confidence in our many initiatives including merchant acquiring, as well as the outlook for capital markets and advisory revenues, given strong pipelines as we enter the fourth quarter. We are maintaining disciplined expense management, while continuing to invest. The additional efficiency actions we took in the third quarter will support our ability to sustain investment into revenue producing initiatives into 2025. Credit remains a hallmark of Huntington with stable charge-offs and improved non-performing and criticized assets. In closing, we have confidence in our ability to sustain our organic growth outlook as we finish the year and move into 2025. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 6 provides highlights of our third quarter results. We reported earnings per common share of $0.33. The quarter included $6 million of notable items on a net basis and did not have an impact to earnings per share. Return on tangible common equity or ROTCE came in at 16.2% for the quarter. Adjusted for notable items, ROTCE was 16.3%. Pre-provision net revenue or PPNR increased by 8.3% from the prior quarter. This was driven by net interest income, which expanded by 2.9% and fee revenues, which increased by 6.5% from the prior quarter. Average loan balances increased by $3.7 billion or 3.1% versus last year. Average deposits continued to grow, increasing by $8.3 billion or 5.6% on a year-over-year basis. Credit quality remains strong with net charge-offs of 30 basis points. Allowance for credit losses decreased by 2 basis points and ended the quarter at 1.93%. Adjusted CET1 ended the quarter at 8.9% and increased roughly 30 basis points from last quarter. Supported by earnings, as well as the recapture of AOCI from lower rates, tangible book value per share has increased by 21.5% year-over-year. Turning to Slide 7. Consistent with our plan and prior guidance, year-over-year average loan growth is accelerating. Q3 loan growth was 3.1% year-over-year, rising from last quarter's 1.7% growth and the 1.3% we posted in Q1. Average loan balances increased sequentially by $1.1 billion. Excluding runoff from commercial real estate, loans increased by $1.6 billion or 1.3%. As Steve mentioned, end-of-period loans increased by 1.6% and represented a 6.3% annualized growth rate. Loan growth in the quarter was supported by strong contributions from core businesses and from new initiatives. Our new initiatives collectively represented $700 million of growth in the quarter and included Carolinas, Texas, fund finance, healthcare asset-based lending, and Native American Financial Services. Note, this pace of growth was above the second quarter level as teams continue to ramp up and we expect growth in the fourth quarter to be further above these levels. Other drivers of loan growth in the third quarter included $595 million from consumer auto, $268 million from regional banking, $165 million from residential mortgage, $137 million from auto floor plan, $80 million from RV/Marine, $131 million from all other consumer categories on a net basis, and $109 million from all other commercial categories on a net basis. This growth was partially offset by a seasonal decline in distribution finance, which was lower by $747 million. Generally we see the third quarter as the seasonal low point in the year for this business given inventory levels across our mix of programs. We expect inventories to build into the fourth quarter and resulting balances to be higher in the fourth quarter on average compared to the third quarter. Turning to Slide 8. As noted, we drove another quarter of solid deposit growth. Average deposits increased by $2.9 billion or 1.9% in the third quarter. On a full-quarter basis, total cost of deposits increased by 2 basis points in the third quarter and interest-bearing deposit costs were flat for the quarter. Within the quarter, there were notable declines in deposit costs. We saw total cost of deposits decline sequentially in both August and September with September costs lower by 7 basis points. This is a direct result of our proactive and disciplined execution of our down beta action plans in advance of the Fed's 50 basis point rate cut in September and continuing into Q4. These actions reflect our active balancing of deposit volumes and rate. Given our robust deposit growth over the past year, we're in a strong position to optimize rates from here. We will remain very dynamic in managing the business and our action plan as this interest rate environment evolves. Our forecast is aligned with a forward curve, which projects two additional 25 basis point rate cuts by year-end and a further five 25 basis point rate cuts in 2025. As we noted in the past several quarters related to guidance on up beta, the performance and trajectory of down beta will be a function of the actual and projected path of rates and importantly, customer expectations for that path. Based on the current rate outlook, we continue to project a cumulative down beta in the mid to high 30s by the fourth quarter of 2025 and in the mid-40s range by the fourth quarter of 2026. Turning to Slide 9. Our cumulative deposit growth since early 2023 totaled 7.1%. This level continues to well outpace the peer group. As a result, we've been able to decisively implement the down beta strategy, fund loan growth with deposits, and at the same time manage the loan-to-deposit ratio lower over the past year, which will support the continued acceleration of lending. On to Slide 10. For the quarter, net interest income increased by $39 million or 2.9% to $1.364 billion. We delivered sustained growth off of the trough levels from the first quarter of this year, consistent with our guidance. Net interest margin was 2.98% for the third quarter. Reconciling the change in NIM from Q2, we saw a decrease of 1 basis point. This was due to spread net of free funds lower by 2 basis points, higher cash balances driving margin lower by 2 basis points, partially offset by lower drag from the hedging program, which improved by 3 basis points. We continue to project full year net interest income to be within our prior guidance range. The fourth quarter level is expected to be flat to up 1% on a year-over-year basis and then resume growth over the first half of 2025 and accelerate in the second half. This is expected to result in record net interest income for 2025 based on current rate curve expectations. We continue to benefit from fixed rate loan repricing with loan yields expanding by 4 basis points from the prior quarter. This occurred even as SOFR moved lower during the quarter. As a reminder, we continue to analyze and develop action plans for a wide range of potential economic and interest rate scenarios for both short-term rates, as well as the slope and belly of the curve. As I noted earlier, our working assumption includes two additional rate cuts by year-end and a further five cuts in 2025 and underlies this net interest income outlook. Turning to Slide 11. Our level of cash and securities increased as we benefited from higher funding balances from sustained deposit growth. We expect cash and securities as a percentage of total average assets to remain at approximately 28% as the balance sheet grows over time. We are reinvesting securities cash flows in treasuries and expect to manage the unhedged duration of the portfolio at approximately the current range. We have increased the average duration of new securities purchases from very short half year duration to slightly longer two to three year durations, which is a component of our strategy to systematically reduce asset sensitivity over the next several quarters. Turning to Slide 12. Over the course of the rate cycle, we've positioned the company to benefit from asset sensitivity as the rate environment moved higher and are now reducing our level of asset sensitivity as market expectations are increasingly weighted toward a down rate path. That strategy has worked well to maximize the benefit from the rate cycle and to protect capital, while managing NIM within a tight corridor. On the bottom of the slide, there is an illustration of the asset sensitivity path over the next several quarters. In Q3, we lowered our asset sensitivity by more than one-third from the second quarter. Looking forward, we expect the total cumulative reduction in asset sensitivity from Q2 to be greater than 50% by year-end 2024 and moving to above 60% by mid-2025. As always, we will continue to dynamically manage our hedging program to achieve our objectives of capital protection and NIM stabilization. Moving on to Slide 13. On an overall level, GAAP non-interest income increased by $32 million to $523 million for the third quarter. Adjusting for the impacts of CRT transactions and the pay fix swaptions mark-to-market from the prior year, fee revenues increased by $55 million or 12% on a core underlying basis. Moving on to Slide 14. Our strategy to increase the penetration and usage of value-added fee services is building on momentum we've created over the last several years. Adjusted fee revenues as a percentage of total revenues have increased from 25% a year-ago to 28% in Q3. This reflects the focused effort on key initiatives across payments, wealth management, and capital markets. Within payments, revenues have increased by $4 million in the third quarter and have increased by $6 million year-over-year. Commercial payments revenues, including treasury management fees, have grown strongly increasing by 8% from the prior year. Debit card revenue grew by 3% year-over-year reflecting performance higher than industry averages yet clearly impacted by the relatively slower levels of consumer spending growth we are seeing economy-wide. Other card-based revenues continued to grow year-over-year supported by consumer credit card spending trends. The addition of merchant acquiring in-house capabilities will further support our overall payments revenue growth as we enter the fourth quarter and carry into 2025. As Steve noted earlier, we see this initiative adding approximately 1 percentage point to overall fee revenue growth next year. Within wealth management, revenue growth was outstanding increasing 18% from the prior year. Advisory relationships have increased by 7% year-over-year and assets under management have increased 22% on a year-over-year basis. These results benefited from sustained positive net asset flows. Within capital markets, we saw exceptionally strong revenue growth increasing by $26 million or 50% from the prior year to $78 million. These results were driven by commercial banking related capital markets revenues, which are accelerating as we have previously guided as a result of higher commercial loan production. As we look out into Q4, we expect to post another quarter of sequential growth in capital markets driven by continued underlying core banking related services and a robust advisory pipeline. We expect this positive momentum to carry into 2025. Moving on to Slide 15 on expenses. GAAP non-interest expense increased by $13 million and underlying core expenses also increased by $13 million. During the quarter, we incurred $13 million of expenses related to efficiency programs, which will benefit our 2025 expense outlook and allow us to reinvest savings into key revenue producing initiatives. Additionally, this was partially offset by a $7 million benefit from the FDIC special assessment. Net, notable items for the quarter totaled $6 million. Excluding these items, core expenses came in slightly better than our expectations for the quarter at $1.124 billion. The increase in core expenses quarter-over-quarter was primarily driven by personnel expenses due to higher salaries and benefit costs. We also saw $3 million of higher expenses related to merchant acquiring as we brought that business in-house and launched our services in October. We continue to forecast approximately 4.5% core expense growth for the full year. Slide 16 recaps our capital position. Common equity Tier-1 ended the quarter at 10.4%. Our adjusted CET1 ratio, inclusive of AOCI, was 8.9% and has grown 90 basis points from a year-ago. Our capital management strategy remains focused on driving capital ratios higher, while maintaining our top priority to fund high return loan growth. We intend to drive adjusted CET1 inclusive of AOCI into our operating range of 9% to 10%. On Slide 17, credit quality is coming in as we expected and continues to perform very well. Net charge-offs were 30 basis points in Q3, relatively stable over the past four quarters. Allowance for credit losses at 1.93% declined by 2 basis points from the prior quarter and reflects both modestly improved economic outlook, as well as an increased loan portfolio. On Slide 18, the criticized asset ratio decreased by 9% from the prior quarter to 4.09%. The non-performing asset ratio declined by 1 basis point to 62 basis points. Turning to Slide 19. Our outlook for the full-year remains unchanged from our prior guidance. Our expectations for the fourth quarter include accelerating loan growth at approximately 4% to 5% on a year-over-year basis. Deposit growth is expected to increase between 4% and 5% on a year-over-year basis. We see full-year net interest income unchanged from our prior guidance range. The fourth quarter level is expected to be flat to up 1% on a year-over-year basis and then resume growth in the first half of 2025 and accelerating in the second half. Core fee revenues adjusted for the swaptions and CRT items are expected to grow at approximately 8% to 9% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Core expenses are well managed and tracking to our full-year outlook. For the fourth quarter, we expect growth of approximately 3% year-over-year subject to some variability given revenue driven compensation levels, as well as expenses related to the insourcing of our merchant acquiring business, which brings with it direct offsetting fee revenues. This is consistent with our previous commentary to exit the year at a low single-digit year-over-year expense growth rate. Credit is performing well, aligned with our expectations and net charge-offs are projected to be relatively similar to Q3. Our tax rate for the fourth quarter is likely to be between 18% and 19%. With that, we'll conclude our prepared remarks and move over to Q&A. Tim, over to you.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, Zach. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up and then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Manan Gosalia: Hey, good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Manan.
Manan Gosalia: Good morning. So the guidance for 4Q NII I think implies that NII should be flat to slightly down versus 3Q. Can you talk about what's driving that? Is that just a timing difference between those floating rate asset yields coming down and deposit costs coming down?
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Manan. This is Zach. I'll take that one. And the short answer to the question is, yes. Just a short timing difference between the really powerful and very effective actions we've seen on reducing deposit costs, which you saw some of the trends we illustrated in the third quarter. Those will continue into the fourth quarter, just not fully offsetting on a short-term basis the reductions in variable yields. I think we'll exit Q4 having a positive run rate benefit from deposit costs relative to asset yields; but in the early part of the quarter assuming, again, two more rate cuts, which is our forecast here, will likely be a little lower quarter-to-quarter.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And can you share more color on the deposit growth there? It looks like you continue to grow deposits faster than loans this quarter. Is that mostly coming from new account growth? And I guess the question there is, why not pay down some of the higher cost CDs to help NII and have deposits grow a little bit slower than loans given that you pre-funded a lot of the loan growth in the first half of the year?
Zach Wasserman: A terrific question, Manan, and that is effectively the plan. We're really pleased to see how much deposit growth we've seen throughout the course of this year, obviously, very significantly faster than the industry average overall. And that really puts us in a pretty strong position now with having brought down loan-to-deposit ratio and just given how strong that deposit gathering has been to now turn and drive down beta and to begin to decelerate deposit growth even as loan growth is accelerating. So if you look at the guidance we've given for deposits into the fourth quarter, I would expect the balances to be relatively flat actually quarter-to-quarter even if they still grow year-on-year and that's really an indication that we're doing exactly what you just said, leveraging that position to really drive funding costs lower.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Two things. One, I guess Zach, just wanted to follow-up. I think you mentioned NII, I guess you have the guidance for fourth quarter and then did you mean to say that the growth accelerates from the 4Q versus 3Q level as we think about first half 2025 and then get even faster through the course of 2025? If you could just clarify that. And with that, what's the sensitivity to rate cuts, right? Like we had very strong retail sales so the market's actively recalibrating what the Fed may or may not do. Just talk to us whether getting three to four cuts versus not getting those cuts means much in terms of your NII outlook?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great question, EP. Appreciate the chance to unpack and clarify a bit. So, our general expectations for NIM are to be a few basis points lower into the fourth quarter really driven by what I was talking about from Manan's question earlier, just a short timing impact before which -- before accelerating beta starts to fully offset and more than offset the variable -- impacts on variable loans. I will note as well that one of the major benefits we'll have to NIM here is our hedging program. And just for the facts, we had around 12 basis points of hedge dragging in the second quarter -- sorry, in the third quarter. That's going to reduce, if you look at the forward yield curve, down to 7 basis points in Q4 and flip over the course of 2025 to a 5 basis point benefit by the end of 2025. So beta accelerating and the hedge drag continually reducing and then beginning to be a hedge benefit as you go throughout the course of next year really are the drivers of why we expect to see sustained NIM expansion from the Q4 level into Q1, into Q2, and Q3 and then continuing on from there. So expect to see nice upward drift in NIM from the Q4 level throughout the course of 2025. And when you couple that with the really robust loan growth we're driving, that will be what drives NII higher over the course of 2025. We expect, as I noted in my prepared remarks, record NII dollars in 2025 really driven by those two factors.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Understood.
Zach Wasserman: And then just -- I'll expand a bit on your question on sensitivities. So I think your point is very well noted. It's a pretty dynamic environment here for sure. And while our underlying forecast assumes a couple of more rate cuts this quarter and then five into next year, you could very well not see those as you noted. I think in the short term for us if you saw less rate cuts, you'd see an even better NIM performance and an even better NII dollar performance. Of course, as you know well, what would also matter a lot is the reason why you're not seeing those rate reductions and what that would imply about customer and market beliefs about where rates are going. And so in the longer term, that would be uncertain impact, but in the short term, it would be universally positive for us to have less rate cuts. If there's more, I think again it kind of matters why. I do think, for example, EP, earlier this year when we saw market expectations for rate reductions really accelerate a lot, that was very helpful to drive the actions around down beta. And so, if you did see more rate reductions, while it might produce a little bit of short-term headwinds, but over the longer term it might actually be even better for down rate deposit pricing. And so, again, sort of a little uncertain over the short -- over the long-term there if rates are even faster down.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's helpful. And I guess just one thing. You talked earlier about traction in Carolinas, just how loan growth was evolving. Talk to us in terms of deposit growth. You did hire sort of a big team on the mortgage side. Are we seeing mortgage rates pull back? But either that team or just the overall deposit-gathering strategy beyond promotional rates, where do you see deposit growth coming from?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I mean, what we've seen with deposit performance throughout the year is consumer has been really, really strong. But over the course of the last several quarters, commercial now starting to really catch-up. And I think that's driven both by our core commercial business, but also by some of the new verticals and new markets. The mortgage service vertical in particular has been doing really well through driving a couple of billion dollars of incremental deposits in the third quarter and, as I think we've noted before, that could grow -- continue to grow longer term here as well. So it's -- commercial is now beginning to accelerate and I think as we have an outlook for 2025, I would expect -- we're generally expecting continued deposit growth with the mix being slightly more commercial than consumer as we go into next year.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Noted. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Jon Arfstrom: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: A couple -- one clarification I think, maybe a simple question. But you're saying fourth quarter NII around $1.330 billion, $1.340 billion, something like that. Am I reading that right?
Zach Wasserman: We are expecting between $15 million to $25 million lower sequentially, Jon. That will be around flat to up 1% on a year-over-year basis. Again, assuming not only the [indiscernible], but another 225 sort of in the last few months of this year.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. That's helpful. Thank you for that. And then kind of a simple question, funny question. But on Slide 10, I kind of want to joke about the scaling of that, but the fourth quarter 2025 bar chart implies higher NII. Is there -- odd question. Is there any scaling to that, Zach, or what kind of an acceleration do you expect in NII growth throughout the year?
Zach Wasserman: I'm expecting pretty steady NII dollar growth from Q1 to Q2, from Q2 to Q3, and continuing on, Jon. I think kind of the path of NIM [indiscernible] we're starting now to get into a bit of overly level precision at this point given all the uncertainties. But generally speaking, I'm expecting to see nice sustained NIM expansion in Q1, Q2, Q3, and a bit topping out into Q4, but we'll see where the rate environment is at that point. And the dollars really be pretty steady growth throughout the year as lending sustains at a fairly solid level. It's probably the best way I can answer your question.
Jon Arfstrom: Yes. Okay. Good. If I can squeeze one more. And I apologize for doing this. But the merchant acquiring, you're saying 1% growth to overall fee revenues. Are you saying that could be a $200 million business? Is that [Multiple Speakers]
Zach Wasserman: Currently -- a little bit off. We make roughly $25 million on a run rate annual basis for merchant acquiring in the old outsourced model that we have. As we in-source that business, we're thinking next year could be fill the $50 million in terms of overall revenue, which is that's an extra $25 million, sort of about 1% of the overall fee revenue base as you go into next year.
Jon Arfstrom: Yes. Okay. All right. Thank you for clarifying this.
Steve Steinour: Yes. Good questions.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning, Erika.
Operator: Erika, perhaps your line may be muted. Your line for questions.
Erika Najarian: Can you hear me?
Steve Steinour: Yes, we can hear you now. Go ahead.
Erika Najarian: Apologies. Sorry about that. So Zach, as you can imagine, everybody is asking about the blank box on 4Q 2025 for Slide 10. So maybe I'll ask it this way. So consensus wants to fill that box that would imply 8% year-over-year growth from your implied fourth quarter 2024. So I'm assuming that has loan growth and also the NIM inflection. So with that -- with consensus filling that box in at up 8% quarter-over-quarter, are they in the right ballpark as we think about your loan growth momentum and the dynamics of your balance sheet?
Zach Wasserman: I'm not going to give you that level of guidance precision at this point in the year, Erika. As you know, we will give guidance as we get into the early part of next year. But I don't think that's directionally wrong, frankly. I think we're expecting to see NIMs rise throughout the course of 2025. I mentioned earlier, I see NIM above 3% in the second half of next year. If you compare that to where we'll be this year, that will be a nice NIM expansion off of our forecast for Q4. So that will drive some year-over-year growth. And then our current run rate on loan growth is around 6% on an annualized pace right now and there's nothing that indicates we will not be able to sustain that pace into next year. In fact the fourth quarter looks outstanding in terms of loan growth and the momentum we've got across the business. And so, those are relatively good underlying drivers to get to the number you're talking about without being overly clear on guidance at this point.
Erika Najarian: That's helpful. Thank you. And on the expense run rate, I think, Zach, what you and Steve have been talking about in terms of investments really showed through with regards to your 3% year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter -- sorry, year-over-year fourth quarter guide for fourth quarter relative to the run-rate for this year. And we're seeing it in the loan growth. As we think about next year with the caveat that Huntington under this management team and Board is constantly investing, should we expect more of a harvest year so to speak in that perhaps that fourth quarter run rate year-over-year is more sustainable rather than the 5%, 5.5%?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great question. In the area of expenses, it's something we're incredibly rigorously focused on and this year is playing out pretty much exactly like we expected, hitting the roughly 4.5% year-over-year growth, decelerating throughout the year as you noted. And really, Erika, staying focused on the model that we've got, driving efficiencies and baseline expenses. You saw us take another series of actions in the third quarter, all those are continuing on. It's a fairly continual process of driving our engineering to enable us to really drive the offensive expense categories that are investment related, technology development, marketing, additions of people to go and drive some new great revenue producing initiatives. The plan for 2025 is the same as we've had before, drive for positive operating leverage. I do expect, a little bit to the point of your last question, to have a pretty solid revenue growth trajectory. And so I don't intend to -- we collectively don't intend to be in harvest mode. We want to keep driving for growth, but certainly to drive very solid improvement, a positive operating leverage and efficiency ratio and then just to sustain that as we go forward.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you so much.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Erika.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt OConnor: Good morning. Question on fee revenues. It came in a decent amount better than you expected with the intra-quarter guide. I assume a lot of that swing is the capital markets and maybe the loan sale. But just anything else that surprised you that you'd want to call out? I mean all the categories actually did pretty well. So I guess, I'm just wondering was that kind of better than what you thought a month ago? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great question, Matt. And it was primarily capital markets that you noted in the basis of your question saw -- we were expecting to see a pretty solid Q3 for capital markets, but it beat our expectations even better than that. Overall really, really pleased with the execution of the sustained level of performance we're seeing in the three key areas of focus. 12% year-over-year growth in fees is pretty outstanding from our perspective. The outlook for Q4 is likewise pretty solid, particularly in capital markets, I think we'll see another really good quarter of sequential growth in the cap markets. We'll also continue to drive a good underlying household acquisition and net flows and then payments really chugging along here, particularly with the addition of merchant acquiring should be a nice lift on tailwind to growth.
Matt OConnor: Okay. And then on the credit risk transfer or the CRTs as you call it. Now that you've got  you are approaching your targeted capital level even including AOCI and you've got all the funding and all those positives, is that something that you're looking to do less of going forward or unwind them?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great question. On the plan to grow capital, we feel really good about how that's going and as we've noted a number of times, the primary and most significant driver of our plan to continue to drive capital higher is just core organic earnings and strong return on capital. We look at these CRT transactions as really tactical as opportunistic. They're kind of an interesting innovation in the marketplace for sure that offer great low return on capital for certain asset classes. Just look back to the transaction we did in the second quarter, we unlocked 17 basis points of capital for less than 3% cost of capital, just $7 million plus transaction costs. So very, very efficient. So it's possible we'll be opportunistic in the future on these, but they're really -- we see them in that light, opportunistic and the core is really the underlying return on capital and organic earnings.
Matt O'Connor: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from the line of Sean Sorahan with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your questions.
Sean Sorahan: Good morning. I was hoping you could address your trends and strategy in the auto business. Production stepped up again linked-quarter in 3Q. Can you talk about the growth outlook there a little bit? And then maybe shifting to credit, there was a big update mid-quarter from an auto peer and you saw a little bit of a step-up in 3Q this quarter. Can you address expected credit trends giving shifting auto values? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Sean, thanks for the question. This is Zach. I'll take the first part and then Brendan will tack on to the second part around credit. So really pleased actually with what we're seeing in the auto lower production area. Auto for us is a terrific asset to lean into at times like this when the general expectation for rates is to be reducing. A nice fixed asset class, got about a two-year duration. Remember this is prime and super-prime credit quality, so very solid underlying returns and also incredibly efficient business for us. It's a 10% efficiency ratio business for us that is very, very optimizable. We can put in pricing in the market on Friday, see the impacts of it over the weekend, dial it back in again the next Tuesday as we go into the next week. And so really, really optimizable and precision return calibration for us here. So, we like this one. I think the production levels for the fourth quarter look to be around the same as the third quarter here. So I think we've hit a nice run rate at this point and then we'll see where it goes out into the course of next year. But for right now, nice fixed asset that we're getting very significant fixed asset repricing benefits coming through into the NIM. Maybe Brendan, over to you on credit.
Brendan Lawlor: Sure. Sean, this is Brendan. And given our history in this industry, we have the ability to utilize our custom scorecard to really drive the customer selection that Zach was referencing. And that continues to be a strength for us. We've seen late-stage delinquency and charge-offs have remained right within our historical levels. So we're not seeing broad deterioration at all here. And frankly, with our deep industry expertise and we're traditionally lower than the peer set when it comes to charge-offs or delinquencies and that trend continues this quarter. So, we feel real confident in this book.
Steve Steinour: Sean, we've been -- this is Steve. We've been very disciplined. We got 15 years of quarterly track record here. It's an area of continued focus and discipline, as well as we refined the model a number of times during the course of the -- that period of time. So we like what we're seeing. We're very confident in it and obviously with the disciplines we have, super-prime prime, we're not going to see what you alluded to from the auto institution.
Sean Sorahan: Got it. Very helpful. Thank you. And then Zach, shifting over to the hedge program slide, it's always helpful. I noted the received fixed balance in the back half of 2025 came down a bit this quarter versus last. Can you update us on any adjustments made there in the quarter and then maybe highlight any future adjustments you're thinking about? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks for bringing that question up, Sean. So what we tried to illustrate on that slide is really the continued dynamic management of asset sensitivity really bringing down asset sensitivity a lot, a third reduction in sensitivity just in the third quarter alone, we'll get to 50% reduction from Q2 by the end of this year and then to 60% by the middle of next year. And one of the things we try to highlight all the time in this is we're very dynamic. So we're continually looking at the most efficient way to really do those two objectives of protecting capital and maximizing and stabilizing NIM. So, we'll always make adjustments here as we deem it most efficient. An example of that. We just did another $1 billion of forward-starting receivers just in the early part of this quarter that are really starting out into the second half of 2025 that will just continue to drive asset sensitivity lower at the time we really want it. So, we're always doing this. Really primarily at this point the game plan vis-a-vis asset sensitivity is gradually allow the pay fix swaptions to reduce and to expire, put on more forward-starting receivers when we see nice opportunities in the market to do that, gradually lengthen the duration in our U.S. treasury securities portfolio, and really optimize the kind of funding mix for lower structurally fixed funding, more structurally variable funding, and optimize lower levels of Fed cash. And so, those are really the components that drive the overall reduction in asset sensitivity.
Sean Sorahan: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: Thank you for joining us today. In closing, we delivered exceptional results for the third quarter highlighted by the successful execution of organic growth initiatives. Net interest income expanded, fee revenues grew strongly, expenses were well managed, and credit remained stable. Our strategy is working well and our investments in the franchise are delivering returns. We remain in an attractive competitive position and we continue to seize opportunities to add talented bankers across our businesses. Collectively, the Board, executives, and our colleagues are a Top 10 shareholder. So, we have strong alignment to deliver sustained value creation for our shareholders. As a reminder, we have an Investor Day scheduled in the New Year on February 6 and you're invited to that. And finally, thank you to all our Huntington colleagues for driving these outstanding results. Thank you very much for joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-19 08:00:00) =====
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, Operator. Welcome, everyone, and good morning. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing today can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded, and a replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President, and CEO and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Brendan Lawlor, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statements disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, let me turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We're pleased to announce our second quarter results, which Zach will detail later. These results are supported by our colleagues, who live our purpose every day as we make people's lives better, help businesses thrive, and strengthen the communities we serve. Now, on to slide four. There are five key messages we want to share with you today. First, we are intensely focused on executing our organic growth strategies and leveraging our position of strength. Our robust liquidity and capital base put us in a position to drive growth, and we are investing in new geographies and businesses in addition to existing businesses. Second, we expanded net interest income, and we expected to continue to grow sequentially from the first quarter trough. This outlook is supported by accelerating loan growth and sustained deposit growth to power future revenue expansion. Third, we drove fee revenues higher in the quarter with support from our three major focus areas: capital markets, payments, and wealth management. Fourth, we are achieving strong credit performance with stable net charge-offs, which are tracking as expected for the year. This is a direct result of our sustained and disciplined approach to credit over many years and our aggregate moderate to low-risk appetite. Finally, we believe the net result of these actions will deliver expanded profitability from here and into 2025 and beyond. I will move us on to slide five to recap our performance. We delivered accelerated loan growth with average balances growing by $2 billion from a year ago. Annualized loan growth in the quarter was 4.7%. Average deposit balances also increased, growing $8 billion or 5.5% over the past year. Capital further strengthened with reported common equity Tier 1 of 10.4% and adjusted common equity Tier 1 of 8.6%, inclusive of AOCI. Liquidity remains top tier with coverage of uninsured deposits of 204%, a peer-leading level. Credit quality was stable as net charge-offs improved by 1 basis point from the first quarter to 29 basis points. We are sustaining momentum in the growth of our primary bank relationships, with consumer and business increasing by 2% and 4%, respectively year-over-year. Again, this past quarter, we seized the opportunity to add talented bankers. We're pleased to add new deposit-focused capabilities in the mortgage servicing and homeowners association, title, and escrow areas. These new teams build upon the prior investments we've made in the Carolinas, Texas, and three new specialty commercial verticals. As we shared last month, we are bringing in-house our merchant acquiring business within our payments organization to further accelerate revenues and capabilities. As I mentioned, our disciplined positioning of robust capital and liquidity enables our ability to sustain a growth posture. Capital continues to increase, with adjusted CET1 up approximately 50 basis points from a year ago. Liquidity continues to be robust, supported by sustained deposit gathering. We were pleased to once again deliver top quartile results in this year's CCAR stress test exercise with Huntingtons modeled credit losses second best in the peer group. Our stress capital buffer was reduced and came in at the minimum level of 2.5%. Across our markets, we see the broader economy continuing to hold up. Our new initiatives, teams, and geographies provide growth opportunities, even as the broader environment for customer loan demand remains somewhat muted. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide six provides highlights of our second quarter results. We reported earnings per common share of $0.30. The quarter included a $6 million notable item related to the updated FDIC Deposit Insurance Fund Special Assessment. This did not have an impact on EPS. Return on tangible common equity or ROTCE, came in at 16.1% for the quarter. Adjusted for notable items, ROTCE was 16.2%. Average loan balances increased by $2 billion or 1.7%, versus Q2 last year. Average deposits continued to grow, increasing by $8 billion, or 5.5%, on a year-over-year basis. Credit quality remains strong, with net charge-offs of 29 basis points. Allowance for credit losses decreased by 2 basis points and ended the quarter at 1.95%. Adjusted CET1 ended the quarter at 8.6% and increased roughly 10 basis points from last quarter. Supported by earnings, tangible book value per share has increased by nearly 8% year-over-year. Turning to slide seven, consistent with our plan and prior guidance, loan growth is accelerating quarter-over-quarter. Our sequential growth in loans into Q2 of $1.5 billion was more than double the sequential dollar growth into the first quarter. This likewise drove acceleration of loan growth on a year-over-year basis from 1.2% in Q1 to 1.7% in Q2. At our current run rate of growth 4.7% annualized, we are on track for the full-year plan. We expect the pace of future year-over-year loan growth to accelerate over the course of 2024. Loan growth in the quarter was supported by both commercial and consumer loan categories. Total commercial loans increased by $689 million. Excluding commercial real estate, commercial growth totaled $1.1 billion for the quarter. Over the past year, CRE balances have declined by $1.3 billion, with the concentration of CRE as a percent of total loans declining 1.5 percentage points from 10.9% to 9.6% today. Even as we have managed CRE balances lower, all other loan balances have increased by over $4 billion or 4% from the prior year. Drivers of commercial loan growth in the second quarter included $600 million from new geographies and specialty verticals. This included fund finance, Carolinas, Texas, healthcare asset-based lending and Native American financial services. Auto floor plan increased by $279 million. Regional and business banking increased by $233 million. In total consumer loans, average balances grew by $757 million or 1.4% for the quarter. Within consumer, average auto balances increased by $436 million. Residential mortgage increased by $199 million, benefiting from production, as well as slower prepay speeds. RV and marine balances increased by $74 million. Turning to slide eight. As noted, we drove another quarter of solid deposit growth. Average deposits increased by $2.9 billion or 1.9% in the second quarter. Total cumulative deposit beta was 45%. Cost of deposits increased by 9 basis points in the second quarter, which matched the increase in earning asset yields. This was half the rate of change in deposit costs we saw into the first quarter, a continuation of the decelerating trends in funding costs even as deposit growth increased. Within the quarter, there was notable further deceleration with June deposit costs only slightly higher than May. We are actively implementing our down beta action plan, which is further supported by the robust deposit growth we have delivered. This position is allowing us to selectively reduce rates and change other terms across the portfolio in advance of potential rate cuts later this year. Turning to slide nine. Our cumulative deposit growth since the start of the rate cycle of 7.9% is differentiated versus the preponderance of peers. We have outperformed by double-digit percentage points on deposit growth over this time. As a result, we've been able to fund loan growth with deposits, and at the same time, manage the loan to deposit ratio lower over the past year, which will support continued acceleration of lending. Turning to slide 10. Non-interest bearing mix shift is tracking closely to our forecast. Average non-interest-bearing balances decreased by $280 million or 0.9% from the prior quarter. This represents a continued deceleration of mix shift, consistent with our expectations. Within the consumer deposit base, average non-interest-bearing deposits were modestly higher quarter-over-quarter. This was offset by a modest decelerating trend of lower non-interest-bearing balances from commercial depositors. On to slide 11. For the quarter, net interest income increased by $25 million or 1.9% to $1,325 million. We are pleased to have delivered growth off the trough levels from last quarter and believe this inflection in revenues will continue into the third and fourth quarters. Net interest margin was 2.99% for the second quarter. Reconciling the change in NIM from Q1, we saw a decrease of 2 basis points. This was due to higher cash balances, with spread net of free funds flat versus the prior quarter. We continue to benefit from fixed-rate loan repricing with loan yields expanding by 9 basis points from the prior quarter. As a reminder, we continue to analyze and develop action plans for a wide range of potential economic and interest rate scenarios for both short term rates as well as the slope and belly of the curve. Our working assumption for the second half of the year is aligned with a forward curve, which projects two rate cuts by year-end. Based on that outlook, we see net interest margin relatively stable over the next two quarters at or around the 3% level, plus or minus a few basis points. Turning to slide 12. Our level of cash and securities increased, as we benefited from higher funding balances from sustained deposit growth. We expect cash and securities as a percent of total average assets to remain approximately 28% as the balance sheet grows over time. We are reinvesting securities cash flows in short duration HQLA, consistent with our approach to manage the unhedged duration of the portfolio at approximately the current range. Turning to slide 13. As a reminder, our hedging program is designed with two primary objectives, to protect margin and revenue in down rate environments, and to protect capital in potential up rate scenarios. As of June 30, our effective hedge position included $17.4 billion of received fixed swaps, $5.5 billion of floor spreads, and $10.7 billion of pay fixed swaps. The pay fixed swaps, which successfully protected capital, have a weighted average life of just over three years and will begin to mature over the course of 2025. As these instruments mature, our asset sensitivity will reduce. Furthermore, at a measured pace over the past several quarters, we have added more forward-starting receive fix swaps, with effective dates starting generally in the first-half of 2025. The impact of both the maturities of the pay fix swaps and the beginning effectiveness of the receive fix swaps will reduce asset sensitivity in a down rate scenario by approximately one-third by the middle of next year. As always, we will continue to dynamically manage our hedging program to achieve our objectives of capital protection and NIM stabilization. Moving on to slide 14, our fee revenue growth is driven by three substantive areas, capital markets, payments, and wealth management. Collectively, these three areas represent nearly two-thirds of our total fee revenues. Within capital markets, revenues increased $17 million from the prior quarter, driven by higher advisory revenues. Commercial banking-related capital markets revenues were stable quarter-to-quarter. We expect to sustain and build upon this level over the back half of the year, supported by robust advisory pipelines in Capstone, as well as expected new commercial loan production. Payments in cash management revenue was up $8 million in the second quarter and increased 5% year-over-year. Treasury management fees within payments continue to grow strongly at 11% year-over-year as we deepen customer penetration. Our wealth and asset management revenues increased 8% from the prior year. Advisory relationships have increased by 8% year-over-year, and assets under management have increased by 17% on a year-over-year basis. Moving on to slide 15. On an overall level, GAAP non-interest income increased by $24 million to $491 million for the second quarter, increasing from the seasonal first quarter low. Excluding the impacts of the CRT transactions, non-interest income increased by $31 million, quarter-over-quarter. Moving on to slide 16 on expenses. GAAP non-interest expense decreased by $20 million, and underlying core expenses increased by $13 million. During the quarter, we incurred $6 million of incremental expense related to the FDIC Deposit Insurance Fund Special Assessment. Excluding this item, core expenses came in better than our expectations for the quarter, with approximately half of the lower-than-expected result driven by discrete benefits not expected to occur. The increase in core expenses quarter-over-quarter was primarily driven by personnel expenses, as we saw higher revenue-driven compensation and incentives due to production, as well as the full quarter impact of merit increases effective in March. We continue to forecast 4.5% core expense growth for the full-year. As we look into the third quarter, we expect core expenses to be higher at approximately $1.140 billion. There may be some variability given revenue-driven compensation. Slide 17 recaps our capital position. Common equity Tier 1 ended the quarter at 10.4%. Our adjusted CET1 ratio, inclusive of AOCI, was 8.6% and has grown 50 basis points from a year ago. Our capital management strategy remains focused on driving capital ratios higher, while maintaining our top priority to fund high return loan growth. We intend to drive adjusted CET1, inclusive of AOCI, into our operating range of 9% to 10%. Slide 18 highlights our results from this year's CCAR exercise. We were pleased to once again continue our trend of top quartile performance for expected credit losses from the stress test. This year's result was second best, compared to peers. Our SCB improved to the 2.5% minimum, and our modeled stress CET1 ratio was the second best in our peer group. Our ACL, as a percentage of CCAR modeled losses, continued to be the highest level, compared to our peers. These results validate the consistency of our long-standing approach to maintaining an aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. On slide 19, credit quality is coming in as we expected and continues to perform very well. Net charge-offs were 29 basis points in Q2, 1 basis point lower than the prior quarter. They remain in the lower half of our through-the-cycle target range of 25 to 45 basis points. Allowance for credit losses at 1.95% declined by 2 basis points from the prior quarter, effectively flat and reflects both modestly improved economic outlook, as well as an increased loan portfolio. On slide 20, the criticized asset ratio declined 7% from the prior quarter, driven by broad-based improvements across commercial portfolios. Non-performing assets increased approximately 5% from the previous quarter to 63 basis points, while remaining below the prior 2021 level. Turning to Slide 21. Our outlook for the full-year remains unchanged from our prior guidance. As we discussed, we expect loan growth to accelerate and deposit growth to sustain its quarterly trend. We drove net interest income higher from its trough and expect that trend to continue sequentially in the second-half. Core expenses are well-managed and tracking to our full-year outlook, subject to some variability, given revenue-driven compensation levels and the timing of staffing adds and expenses related to the insourcing of our merchant acquiring business. We expect to exit the year at a low single-digit year-over-year growth rate. Credit is performing well, aligned with our expectations. With that, we'll conclude our prepared remarks and move over to Q&A. Tim, over to you.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, Zach. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person asks only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Well, thank you. We'll now be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Manan Gosalia: Hey, good morning.
Steve Steinour: Morning, Manan.
Manan Gosalia: Zach, can you expand on your comments on how you're managing downside deposit beta if we get a couple of rate cuts by year-end? I think in the past, you've spoken about a downside beta of 20% or so on total deposits. Can that be a little bit better given that you've been more competitive on deposits in the first half of the year?
Steve Steinour: Yes. Thanks, Manan. Good morning. A great question. Appreciate the chance to elaborate on this one. Well, as I noted in the prepared remarks, we're already beginning the early stages of the down beta playbook. I think reducing acquisition rates, shifting the acquisition mix from time deposits toward more money market, which is easier and faster to manage on a down beta trajectory, shortening the duration of CDs and making targeted rate reductions in certain client segments. So already beginning these actions and they've benefited us in the second quarter. As we look forward, clearly, the performance and trajectory of our beta will be a function of what not only the core yield curve projects, but importantly what clients in the markets generally believe to be the rate environment. With that being said, what we're seeing set up now is very conducive to continuing this action, being ready to actually implement the full down beta playbook when we presumably see a rate reduction later this year. So there's good confidence in where things are going in terms of that. It's a little early to give precise guidance here because clearly the trajectory on beta over the course of the first year. So it will be a function of those market expectations. But it's our general working assumption that we'll be in the mid to high-20s percent down beta range over a kind of first year period and then continuing from there. And as I said, sort of shaping up pretty well here in the early days a bit.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And then maybe on the loan side, can you talk about how spreads are tracking? We've had several banks highlighting weaker demand on loan growth, but they're all looking for loan growth. So are you seeing things getting more competitive and does -- how is that impacting loan spreads overall?
Steve Steinour: No. Look, it is certainly a competitive environment. And we're driving growth, as we said, into the second quarter. On a dollar basis, we saw double the growth into the second quarter than we saw in the first quarter. So the acceleration that we have been calling for some time we're seeing. And so we feel pretty pleased about that. Part of the question on loan spreads for us overall on a net basis is where are we growing, what segments, what categories are we growing in. And where we're focused is driving growth in a lot of the new areas we've been investing in, which typically come on with pretty attractive spreads relative to the average. I would characterize the spread environment generally as pretty flat on a product and category level. And for us, we're really focused on trying to drive capital optimization, obviously, in the areas with the highest return that often have good spreads, but it could also come with fee business performance as well.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Steve Steinour: Morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: [Technical Difficulty] talk through expected deposit trends for the rest of the quarter. Clearly, you have outpaced, as you mentioned, back to preponderance of your peers at the through-the- cycle in terms of deposit growth. I guess I got the impression that perhaps some of this deposit growth is prefunding even better loan growth for the second half of the year. And I did notice that you could get through your securities portfolio and at that rate that you mentioned that like a good move relative to the curve? But I'm just wondering, I guess the question here is, can you continue to -- do you have enough deposits to fund the acceleration [Technical Difficulty] that we've been waiting for or are you expecting to continue to grow at this pace, but closer to the rate and competitive dynamics that you observed in June? In other words, it won't be as expensive plus 9 basis points for the quarter.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Erika for the question. This is Zach. I'll take it. Your line was clipping a little bit as I went over. But I think what I heard was what is our expectation for loan growth and kind of deposit price -- sorry, deposit growth, I'm sorry, and deposit pricing here in the back half of the year and will we have enough to fund loans going forward and what the kind of rate trajectory is around that. So let me see if I can address that. And if I haven't covered it, you can follow-up. Look, I think we're really pleased with how things are going on deposit gathering, for sure. If you take a big step back, 15% outperformance versus the peer median over the course of the rate cycle with a beta that compares pretty favorably to both history and peer. So really doing well. I think what that's allowing us to do is, to your question, prefund to some degree our future loan growth that we've seen the loan to deposit ratio just the last year go from 84% this time last year to 81% now the quarter we disclosed. So sort of sets up that ability to fund with core deposits, decelerating loan growth that we expect. But also I would note and it sort of goes back to Manan's question a second ago, it gives us a lot of flexibility to really manage down beta and to be selective and disciplined in terms of where that next unit of funding will come from. And so that is sort of the intention and we've been performing really well. So I mean, to some degree, I will share that we're actually outperforming our initial budget on deposit growth, is one of the reasons why we elevated the deposit growth forecast up to the high end of our initial guidance range. I think we saw extraordinary level of growth into the second quarter, almost $3 billion. I don't expect that same level of sequential growth into the second quarter, but I do expect it to grow and I would see some nice sequential growth into the fourth quarter too, and to be within that overall guidance range of 3 to 4 for the full-year. So I think that will allow us to kind of absorb the increased lending volumes that we're projecting and core fund them and set up the ability to manage down beta. In terms of pricing strategy, we'll sort of go back a little bit to the answer I gave to Manan, which is we're being judicious. We're still in acquisition mode, but we're very much cognizant that we are in a position of strength and that can allow us to execute the early stages of down beta. So we're seeing it in the marketplace, reductions in go-to-market acquisition pricing. We're likewise doing that and taking that opportunity. And I believe that if we do get rate reductions here in September, which just seems to be a certainty based on the market expectations, we'll be able to continue that and to drive it forward even further.
Erika Najarian: Thank you. And just as a follow-up question to that, as I try to put together everything that you told us about deposit pricing trends, continued fixed-rate asset repricing and the swaps that are maturing, while you started the year having a generally asset sensitive position, the way your balance sheet will evolve into next year, it sounds like -- in terms of both strategically in pricing and mechanically in terms of some of the financial engineering rolling off, you will be set up to potentially benefit from that rate curve or lower short range.
Steve Steinour: Yes, great, question. So let me sort of address some of the thinking around NIM trajectory, asset sensitivity plans. But the objective we've had vis-a-vis asset sensitivity management over the last year, year and a half even has been to allow our natural asset sensitivity to really maximize the value of the up rate environment, which works pretty well. Clearly, now as we think about rates topping out and then presumably beginning to fall, where we are strategically reducing asset sensitivity. And in the prepared remarks, I highlighted that the combination of increasing forward-starting received fixed swaps and expiration of pay fixed swaps will reduce asset sensitivity by about a third between now and the end of -- I'm sorry, the middle of next year. And we'll continue to be dynamic in managing that, but that's a very intentional reduction in asset sensitivity to manage in the presence of reduced trades. I think on NIM, generally seeing pretty stable trends here over the next several quarters. And there are two substantive positive factors we've discussed over time. Fixed asset repricing will continue to benefit the NIM. We -- second factor hedge drag, about 16 basis points of net hedge drag in the second quarter that we just closed. So that will go down to almost a neutral position by the middle of next year in an implied forward scenario. So we'll get some benefits from that pretty steadily here over the next several quarters. The other two factors that are very rate path-dependent, clearly are what happens with variable yields, what happens with interest-bearing liability costs. But in our expectation, you'll see an accelerating and an effective down beta that will help to mitigate variable yield reductions. And the net of those things will be a pretty flat NIM here. But I think over the longer term, we do see certainly the opportunities to drive NIM higher in a more upwards curve -- upward sloping yield curve environment. And so, that is I think what the market is expecting. So we're pretty positive about where NIM will go over the longer-term after we get through this initial stages of that rate.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Steve Steinour: Morning, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start -- maybe Zach for you. So if we do get two cuts this year, say, September, December. Zach, what's your bias as it relates to the NII outlook, the down 1 to down 4? Where in the range do you think we lean?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great question. So we -- our practice in terms of setting these ranges is try to box where we think our basic trend is going. So we're generally trending pretty well, though, in that range, and that's including a couple of cuts there. I do think that a lot of -- one of the key factors in managing a flat NIM will be that continued execution on reducing the trajectory of interest rate cuts rising and then begin to driving them lower. And of course, the real ability to do that is a function of what the competitive environment is and what customers believe the rate path is. And so it will be dependent on the conviction of the market and the economy broadly where our rates are going. But with that being said, the data does continue to set up pretty good confidence around where the yield curve will go. And so feel pretty good about our ability to do that. So the other element of it clearly is loan growth. And we're seeing really encouraging signs there. Pipelines look strong, solid performance in Q2, expects to continue to grow and accelerate on a year-over-year basis here in the back half of the year. I think we could see even faster loan growth if some of our new growth initiatives perform even well -- even better than they're forecasted to do in our base plan. The pipelines there look really good. And so, the pull through is even better. Based on our base plan, we see some upward bias on loan growth. Likewise, what we haven't addressed in the Q&A section here is we did see more CRE run-off in the second quarter than we had expected at the kind of initial budgeting. To the extent that that is lower going forward, you can see some higher loan volumes and that could lift revenues above the base plan. Conversely, if any of those factors were worse, that could take it to the lower end. But feel pretty good about trending right in the middle of that range at this point, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: So middle of the range, is that what you said?
Zach Wasserman: That's the baseline.
Steven Alexopoulos: That's your baseline. Okay, that's helpful. And then it's funny when you look at slide seven, you're calling out the $600 million, that was the increase in average loans from new initiatives, right, I don't know, call it, $2.5 billion a year. And I'm curious, because you could look at that and say, well, that's sort of a catch-up, you have new bankers and new verticals bring over their books, but then you're saying momentum is building. So when we look out from here, we think about that $2.5 billion run rate or so, do you see upside to that? As the quarters roll forward, should we see more contribution from new initiatives in a dollar perspective?
Steve Steinour: I think I'm expecting to see very strong performance in these new initiatives. We're really pleased with how they're doing. Every one of them has booked customers, is booking loans. We're seeing good performance on the full relationship in terms of deposits and fees starting to come through. So really pleased with it. And I also wouldn't characterize it necessarily as them bringing their books over. These were talented bankers with deep experience in their industries and those geographies we've launched in and we're just sort of driving through new client acquisition on a pretty core basis. The trajectory of growth that you highlighted, I expect to see a pretty steady build from here. I don't know that I'd see acceleration per se, but the trajectory we're on is already very accretive to loan growth.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everybody. Thank you for taking the question. So I think my question is on customer -- overall customer demand on loans have sort of been answered. But I was hoping you could maybe address auto in particular. I noticed production is as high as it's been in the last several years. Is that sort of maybe being used as a flex, given sort of the softer overall growth than you had anticipated maybe earlier this year and -- albeit within the context of -- it sounds like things outside of that category are going to advance more robustly later on. So just curious how you're thinking about auto. And then as the follow-up, maybe just sort of quality of that portfolio given what the kind of fluctuations we've seen in used car values, lower economy, et cetera.
Steve Steinour: Scott, this is Steve. I'll take the question. And our auto business has performed very well this year and in the second quarter, we expect it will continue. We don't -- we're not using it as a buffer. I think that was essentially what you were asking. We just see it as a terrific opportunity. Some of the other banks in the last year or so pulled back on auto. It's created a bit of an opportunity for us and we'd expect to continue generating significant volume and growth. As you saw at the CLM, and as we've done in the past with auto securitization, we'll manage aggregate exposure with the book, but we've got quite a bit of work at this point. In terms of quality of the book, it's a super prime book. And so very low default, and we've talked about this for years. We focus on default frequency. On the margin, the used car pricing can have a slight impact on incremental loss or avoided loss, but -- on each repossession, but it's not going to be a big number for us either way. We've shown that this book performs very well over the years, we expect it will continue to do so.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then Zach, maybe one for you just on costs. I appreciate the sort of the third quarter rise, but then it sounds like we're still all on track for the full year. In the past, and I don't want to get too detailed on next year, but you've sort of talked about that normalization of overall cost growth into next year. Any change, sort of, broadly to how you're thinking about that? Or are we still sort of on track for that as well?
Zach Wasserman: On track for that is the headline answer there. I feel really good about how we're managing expenses for the year. There's clearly been a little bit of timing delta from where we would have initially expected to where we are now, but the full-year looks quite in line where we would have thought initially and in line with our guidance. What that will set up is, as we've discussed on previous calls, a steady deceleration in the rate of year-over-year growth as we go throughout the course of this year. I think expense growth last quarter was about 5% year-over-year. This is like around 6%, I think, effectively in Q2 we disclosed. That will trend toward low-single-digits by the time we get to the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. And our expectation we'll see that -- run that trend down into 2025.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Okay, good. Thank you for taking the questions.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess, Zach, I'm not sure if I've missed it. Just talk to us around the loan to deposit ratio, 80%. Do you expect that to stay as is? The guidance kind of implies that. But as we think about all this loan growth coming up, should we expect the loan to deposit ratio to stay flat, like that's where the Bank is going to be managed? And talk to us also about the mix of these deposits that are coming in, if you can talk about like blended rates or what the NIB mix of these deposits is, that would be helpful. Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, great question. I think that we're really pleased with how we're doing on deposit gathering and to some degree just prefunding loan growth that we're expecting to continue to drive higher here over time. And so, I'd expect over the course of a longer time period, likely see the loan to deposit ratio drift back higher again, but stay within a pretty tight range. The objective we've got on average over time is to grow our deposits at a very similar rate to loans, and the delta would only be kind of temporary as we see trends on a relatively short-term basis might be to diverge. So over the back half of this year, I'm expecting to see maybe slightly faster sequential loan growth than deposit growth, but not so meaningful as to probably shift that ratio very much. Fundamentally, what we're seeing in terms of deposit growth is the same function we've been seeing for the last several quarters. Underlying acquisition of new relationships is quite good. We talked about 2% primary bank household growth in consumer, 4% in business bank, commercial also growing a lot of new names and new customers, particularly given our new growth initiatives. And also importantly, a couple of the new verticals we've added, very much focused on deposit gathering, which is very much helpful. The mix of it, as I noted in one of the earlier questions, is actively shifting out of more time into more money market, that sort of value driver from here, which will help us set up the ability to move beta down at a faster rate going forward. And all that's going to contribute to just that sort of slow progression of topping out deposit costs and then bringing them back down in that decelerating way on the up and then accelerating on the way down as we've discussed. That's sort of what we're seeing at this point. In terms of non-interest bearing, I don't think I've gotten the question as yet, but I think in the materials, you can see the chart where that's going. We're seeing a meaningful deceleration of that mix shift out of non-interest bearing into the first quarter, that will give you a sense from the fourth quarter, $1.3 billion reduction in non-interest bearing into the -- second quarter, we disclosed only $300 million of reduction in non-interest bearing. And in fact, consumer went up. So we think we're almost done here in terms of mix shift out of non-interest bearing and this will last until -- here in the near-term.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And I guess, just one quick follow-up. You mentioned expenses, we'll do low-single digits, if I heard you correctly, by the end of the year. Does that -- should we be reading into that in terms of '25 expense growth being higher, lower, or same as '24?
Zach Wasserman: So the thing with -- great question again. The point we've been discussing, I think for a while in terms of expense growth, this year 4.5%, was intentionally higher than what we otherwise were kind of running at, so that we could invest in some of these new growth initiatives and also importantly, invest a lot of data and automation capabilities throughout the company. But that pace of growth would reduce as we went into 2025. And that is our plan. I expect to see lower growth rate of expenses in 2025 than I saw in 20 -- than we're seeing in 2024. And the sort of the trend is very much supportive of that, because by the time we'll exit this year, we'll already be exiting at a kind of run rate of year-over-year growth that's quite low. So try to maintain that lower growth rate as we go into '25.
Steve Steinour: Ebrahim, Zach has shared in the past, efforts to lower growth rates in core expense levels of the Bank in order to continue to invest in different opportunities, revenue-producing opportunities primarily. You should expect to see that from us in '25 and beyond as well.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thanks, Stephen and Zach.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you, Ebrahim.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I was hoping
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: I was hoping you guys could talk about the risk transfers that you guys have executed on. Just there's been some coverage about it, what you've done and some others in the media. And, I guess, I'm just trying to figure out the logic. I mean, you've got strong capital, you're building capital. I realize you've got kind of the strong loan growth outlook. But the rate that was kind of put out there in the media seems pretty high for what's a very high-quality auto book as you show in the slides here. So just trying to understand kind of the logic about it and the cost to the media is like 7.5%. So anything around the logic and financial impact? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, great question. This is Zach. I'll take that one. If you take a step back and look at our capital plans, and put these transactions in the context of the overall capital plan, the plan is really twofold. Drive adjusted CET1 higher. We were 8.6% adjusted CET1 in the second quarter. We intend to drive that up into our operating range of 9% to 10%. I think we're just a handful of quarters away from achieving that, our current trajectory. And then the second key objective is fund high-return loan growth, and we're doing that. And I think as we said that will continue and accelerate on a year-over-year basis. And the prime driver of creating the capital to support those objectives is organic earnings and the core earnings power of the company. And that really is the core focus, the prime focus. With that being said, and just shifting now to your question on CRT and CLNs, at the margin, these transactions can be very helpful for just further RWA and balance sheet optimization. And so, we're pleased to do a [CDS] (ph) transaction in the fourth quarter of last year and then a very successful credit-linked-note transaction in the second quarter. To give you a sense of the economics, the second quarter yield was exceptionally good. Less than a 3% cost of capital. So what do I mean by that? $4 billion notional transaction against high-quality indirect auto loans, 74% reduction in risk-weighted assets through the transaction, so $3 billion reduction in RWA. We also get almost $500 million of funding from the transaction. And the cost of that is only $7 million into spread on a year-one basis, plus some modest upfront transaction costs. So it's incredibly efficient at the margins, unlocked 17 bps of CET1, and just continue to support those prime objectives. So we look at it as very much tactical. It's not the core underlying driver, but just these opportunistic things that come through, and really pleased with how well [Technical Difficulty] economics are incredibly favorable.
Matt O'Connor: Okay, that's super helpful. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Our next questions are from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Maybe a question for you, Steve. How far out do you have visibility on loan growth? I'm just -- I'm thinking a little bit more about the exit rate for NII in 2024. I'm just curious how you're thinking beyond the next quarter or two.
Steve Steinour: Well, our pipelines go out a couple of quarters. And so, we have visibility through -- not full visibility, but partial visibility through the fourth quarter. We don't yet have significant visibility into '25. Certain businesses, though, because of the nature of their relationships, our distribution finance, we tie back into to the supply base and we get some insight from them as to what they intend to produce. But on the whole, we don't have significant multi-quarter visibility, Jon. But we do see from our customer base, however, they're performing well this year. I think there's an expectation as rates come down that they'll be doing more -- even more business next year. And that's a general sentiment they sort of share with you.
Jon Arfstrom: Yes. Okay, that's helpful. And I guess this hasn't been touched on, but anything to note on credit, anything you're seeing that's bothering you, anything that's surprising you positively? Thank you.
Steve Steinour: So credit continues to perform very well. We're very pleased with performance year-to-date. The outlook looks good. As you know, we spent a lot of time on portfolio reviews and management and it's looking good. So there'll be some lumpiness in commercial real estate over the next couple of years for us and others in the industry. But outside of that are looking good. And on the whole, for us, it's not going to be an issue. As you know, our CRE concentration continues to reduce. So I think we had a little over $250 million of office payouts over the last six quarters. The hack with construction unused commitments have been absorbed. So books in -- the CRE book's in good shape.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is from the line of Peter Winter with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Winter: Hi. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: You guys had a -- good morning. You guys had a nice rebound in fee income. And then you've got the merchant acquiring coming on back in-house, starting in the third-quarter, which I think adds about $6 million to fees. Just do you think fee income that you can continue with this momentum and kind of maybe come in at the upper end of that 5% to 7% range?
Zach Wasserman: Thanks for the question. This is Zach. I'll take that one. So would share your -- the other line of [Technical Difficulty] your question was fee income performance was very strong. We were really pleased with what we saw. Second quarter was up 6% sequentially from the first. Continue to run at a 5% year-over-year growth rate, similar to the first quarter year-over-year. And our expectation is to land within our 5% to 7% full-year range. And as we get into the back half of the year, and we've got some of the grow-overs versus last year, get a little easier. With that being said, I think we'll continue to power sequential growth here and it really is the three priority areas of focus; capital markets, payments, and wealth management. Execution quality is very strong and the trends we're seeing continue to be very much conducive to that. The payments up 5% year-over-year in Q2. Treasury management is within that double-digit growth, driven by client penetration. Wealth management continues to run at very strong levels. Our performance advisory, households up 8. AUM and net flows look really good and that's driving revenue up 8%. And capital markets, which clearly has been a little bit choppy in the back half of last year, we were pleased to see what we would expect, which was strong growth in the second quarter, particularly in our advisory business, where we know that the middle-market M&A has been in a challenging environment as yields were -- as interest rate environment was rising last year, that activity is now picking up and I think will sustain. So I'm expecting sequential growth in each of those areas. I think where we land in the range will be clearly a function of how well we perform in it, but strong confidence we'll get there.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then just -- last question just on credit. I mean, as you talked about, credit trends are really good. If I look at the ACL ratio, you're at the top end of peers. Just how are you thinking about reserving going forward? Is it kind of like keep the ACL ratio fairly steady at current levels and support loan growth? And I guess what do you need to see to start lowering the ACL ratio?
Brendan Lawlor: Hey, Peter, it's Brendan. Excuse me, I'll take that one. As you sort of noted, we basically had the reserve flat this quarter at 1.95 versus 1.97 last quarter as the models add to the dollar amount of the reserve. We just continue to watch the volatility in just the overall market, but particularly with respect to rates, as well as the impact of higher prolonger rates on our commercial real estate portfolio. So, excuse me, as we see stronger economic performance come through in our modeling, and combined with the continued solid performance of the credit portfolio, that's when we would really look to start to move the reserve down more materially. That will be -- play out over a longer period of time. And so we're just -- we're continuing to watch and manage this to the right level, but right now we feel like we're adequately reserved.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: Well, thank you for joining us today. In closing, we're pleased with our second quarter results, having delivered sequential growth in both spread and fee revenues. We're expecting our organic growth strategies and our investments are bearing fruit with momentum building across the Bank. Our competitive position remains strong with robust capital liquidity. We continue to seize the opportunities to add talented bankers across our businesses. We remain focused on our long-term strategic objectives. And collectively, the Board, executives and our colleagues are a top 10 shareholder. We have a strong alignment of delivering meaningful value for our shareholders. Finally, special thank you to our nearly 20,000 colleagues here at the Bank who support our customers every day and are the backbone of these results. Thank you for your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-19 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Tim.
Tim Sedabres : Thank you, Operator. Welcome, everyone, and good morning. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing today can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded, and a replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President, and CEO and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Brendan Lawlor, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statements disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, let me turn it over to Steve.
Stephen Steinour : Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We're pleased to announce our first quarter results, which Zach will detail later. Again, these results are supported by our colleagues who live our purpose every day, as we make people's lives better, help businesses thrive, and strengthen the communities we serve. Now on to Slide 4. There are five key messages we want to leave you with today. First, we are executing our organic growth strategies and leveraging our position of strength. As planned and managed over the years, our liquidity and capital metrics are top tier. Second, we delivered loan growth in the quarter and expect the pace to accelerate over the remainder of the year. Our teams are acquiring new customers and relationships in both commercial and consumer categories. We are maintaining our momentum in deposit gathering with a well-managed beta. Third, we expect to drive sequential increases in net interest income and fee revenues from the level reported in the first quarter, supported by accelerating loan growth, coupled with effective balance sheet management. Fourth, we continued to rigorously manage credit, consistent with our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. Finally, we are positioned to power earnings expansion over the course of the year and into 2025. Our investments are delivering results and the underlying core is performing well. I will move us on to Slide 5 to recap our performance. We delivered long growth with balances growing by $1.6 billion from a year ago and have grown by a 4% CAGR over the past two years. This pace reflects our intentional optimization efforts last year, and we believe we are positioned to accelerate growth over the course of 2024 and carrying into 2025. Deposit balances also increased, growing $7.9 billion, or 5.5% over the past year. Capital remains strong with reported common equity tier 1 of 10.2% and adjusted common equity tier 1 of 8.5%, inclusive of AOCI. Liquidity remains top tier with coverage of uninsured deposits of 205%, a peer-leading level. Credit quality was stable as debt charge-offs improved by 1 basis point from the fourth quarter to 30 basis points. We are sustaining momentum and growth of our primary bank relationships, with consumer and business increasing by 2% and 4% respectively year-over-year. We continue to seize opportunities to add talented bankers. Over the past two quarters, we've added teams in the Carolinas and Texas. We've also launched new commercial specialty verticals including Fund Finance, Healthcare ABL and Native American Financial Services. The momentum we have across our markets, coupled with our strong culture, continues to attract great banking talent to Huntington. We expect to add additional colleagues and capabilities as we move through the year. We have clear objectives for 2024, focused on executing our organic growth strategies. This should result in accelerated loan growth, sustained deposit growth, and expanded fee revenue streams. Coupled with our expense outlook, we expect to see PPNR expanding over the course of the year and into 2025. The macro environment is conducive to growth with customer demand holding up well in a resilient and stable economy. The addition of new markets and bankers is supporting expanding loan pipelines with late-stage commercial pipelines ending the quarter at the highest level in over a year. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman : Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 6 provides highlights of our fourth quarter results. We reported GAAP earnings per common share of $0.26 and adjusted EPS of $0.28. The quarter included $39 million of notable items, primarily related to the updated FDIC deposit insurance fund special assessment of $32 million, which was driven by higher losses from last year's bank failures. Additionally, we incurred $7 million of costs related to incremental business process offshoring, efficiency plans that were finalized during the quarter. These items collectively impacted EPS by $0.02 per common share. Return on Tangible Common Equity, or ROTCE, came in at 14.2% for the quarter. Adjusted for notable items, ROTCE was 15.3%. Average deposits continued to grow during the quarter, increasing by $1.1 billion or 0.7%. Cumulative deposit beta totaled 43% through quarter end. Average loan balances increased by $701 million or 0.6% for the quarter. Credit quality remains strong with net charge-offs of 30 basis points. Allowance for credit losses was stable and ended the quarter at 1.97%. Turning to Slide 7, as I noted, average loan balances increased quarter-over-quarter and were higher by 1.3% year-over-year. For the quarter, loans increased at a 2.3% annualized pace. We expect the pace of future loan growth to accelerate over the course of 2024. Loan growth was commercial-led for the quarter with total commercial loans increasing by $691 million. Commercial balance growth included distribution finance, which increased by $352 million, benefiting from normal seasonality. Auto floor plan increased by $313 million. CRE balances declined by $31 million. All other commercial portfolios were relatively unchanged on a net basis. Within other commercial, we saw notable strength in regional and business banking balances, as a result of sustained production levels and the continued retention of all SBA loan production on balance sheet. In total consumer loans, average balances were flat overall for the quarter. Within consumer, residential mortgage increased by $137 million, benefiting from production as well as slower prepay speeds. Average auto balances declined by $59 million, however increased by $180 million on an end of period basis. RV/Marine average balances declined by $42 million and home equity was lower by $35 million. Turning to Slide 8, as noted, we drove another quarter of solid deposit growth. Average deposits increased by $1.1 billion in the first quarter. On a year-over-year basis, deposits have increased by $4.6 billion, or 3.1%. Total cumulative deposit beta continued to decelerate quarter-over-quarter and ended at 43%, consistent with our expectations for this point in the rate cycle. Our current outlook for deposit beta remains unchanged, trending a few percentage points higher so long as there is a pause from the Fed and then beginning to revert and fall when we see rate cuts. Market expectations for rate cuts have clearly been pushed out compared to our January earnings call. We continue to believe that there will be rate cuts over time, and the impact of beta will be a function of the duration in this pause from the Fed. Turning to Slide 9, non-interest-bearing mix shift is tracking closely to our forecast. Average non-interest-bearing balances decreased by $1.3 billion, or 4% from the prior quarter. We continue to expect this mixed shift to moderate and stabilize during 2024. On to Slide 10. For the quarter, net interest income decreased by $27 million or 2% to $1,300 million. Net interest margin declined sequentially to 3.01%. Cumulatively, over the cycle, we have benefited from our asset sensitivity and earning asset growth, with net interest revenues growing at a 6% CAGR over the past two years. Reconciling the change in NIM from Q4, we saw a decrease of 6 basis points. This was primarily due to lower spread, net of free funds, which accounted for 9 basis points, along with a 1 basis point benefit from lower average Fed cash and 2 basis points positive impact from other items, including lower hedge drag impact. We continue to benefit from fixed rate loan repricing. We have seen notable increases in fixed asset portfolio yields thus far in the rate cycle. And many of our fixed rate loan portfolios retain substantial upside repricing opportunity through 2024 and into 2025. As a reminder, we continue to analyze and develop action plans for a wide range of potential economic and interest rate scenarios for both short-term rates, as well as the slope and level of the curve. The basis of our planning and guidance continues to be a central set of those scenarios that are bounded on the low end by a scenario that includes 3 Fed Fund cuts in 2024, which tracks closely to the current Fed dot plot. This scenario is also aligned to the forward curve from the end of March for longer-durated time points. It's important to note that the level of the curve in the two-year to five-year term points is an important driver of our asset repricing and spreads. The higher scenario assume rates stay higher for longer with no Fed fund rate reductions this year. This scenario also assumes the longer-durated time points remain at or above the levels at quarter end. In both of these scenarios, as we project further out into 2025, we continue to believe it is most likely that there will eventually be rate cuts at some point as we get into next year. Comparing our latest outlook for those scenarios to the range of outlook we shared in our January guidance, there have certainly been changes given the volatility of rates over the past quarter. Both scenarios now expect Fed funds to stay elevated for longer, which will drive some incremental deposit beta, while the belly of the curve has improved, which will also support asset yields and repricing benefit. It's difficult to predict exactly how the rate environment will play out over the course of the year. As we look at the impact of this rate outlook on our business, the fundamental elements of our prior guidance remain unchanged. There's much of the year left to play out, and as a result, we're maintaining our range for full year spread revenue growth. At the margin, we're seeing somewhat higher funding costs as the expected timing of rate cuts has been pushed out. If this plays out for the full year, our view is that the overall NIM outcome could be a few basis points lower than our previous guidance in both scenarios. Importantly, we're also seeing strong continued deposit growth that is more likely to be at the top end of our deposit growth guidance range, which provides good core funding for our accelerating loan growth. We continue to see Q1 as the trough for net interest income on a dollar basis. We expect sequential growth in spread revenues from this level during the remaining quarters of the year. We also continue to project that a higher rate scenario will produce a higher overall NIM. In this scenario, we would see a more extended trend of higher deposit beta, and hence overall funding costs would be higher, we would also see an incrementally higher fixed asset repricing benefit. Importantly, our core focus is on driving revenue growth and as I noted we continue to forecast that the combination of this margin outlook, coupled with accelerating loan growth, will drive solid revenue expansion from here. This will support accelerating earnings growth rates as we move throughout this year and continue on into 2025. Turning to Slide 11. Our level of cash and securities increased as we benefited from higher funding balances from sustained deposit growth, as well as our senior note offering and ABS transactions in the first quarter. We expect cash and securities as a percentage of total average assets to remain at approximately 27% to 28% as the balance sheet grows over time. We are reinvesting securities cash flows in short duration HQLA, consistent with our approach to continue to manage the unhedged duration of the portfolio lower over time. We have reduced the overall hedged duration of the portfolio from 4.1 years to 3.5 years over the past seven quarters. Turning to slide 12, you can see an updated outlook for AOCI. Based on the rate environment at quarter end, AOCI moved incrementally higher. AOCI at quarter end was 21% lower than the levels we saw in the third quarter. Our outlook continues to forecast a substantial portion of AOCI recapture over the next couple years. Turning to Slide 13, we have updated the presentation of our balance sheet hedging program in order to more directly illustrate the intent of the hedging program. This view shows the effective swap profile in the future, including the effect of forward starting swaps, so you can see more directly the hedging exposures as they will play out over the next two years. Slide 43 in the appendix provides the total notional swap exposure similar to our prior reporting. As of March 31, we had $16.8 billion of effective received fixed swaps and $10.7 billion of effective pay fixed swaps. Our hedging program is designed with two primary objectives to protect margin and revenue and down rate environment and to protect capital and potential up rate scenarios. The pay fixed swaps, which have been effective in protecting capital during this rate cycle, have a weighted average life of just over three years and will begin to mature beginning in the second quarter of 2025. As these instruments mature, our asset sensitivity will reduce. Over time, we intend to gradually add to our down rate protection program at a measured pace. As the rate outlook moved over the course of the first quarter and the yield curve became less negatively inverted, we incrementally added to our down rate protection hedges. We added $3.5 billion of notional forward starting received fixed swaps in the first quarter. Additionally, through the first two weeks of April, we added another $2 billion of forward starting received fixed swaps. The forward starting structure minimizes near-term negative carry while protecting moderate-term net interest margin in 2025 and 2026. These instruments will also reduce the overall asset sensitivity of the business. We will remain dynamic to manage the hedging and interest rate positioning of the balance sheet, and we may make further changes over time. Our current approach is designed to gradually reduce asset sensitivity throughout the next year and a half, while allowing us to maximize the benefit from the current rate environment. Moving on to Slide 14, our fee revenue growth is driven by three substantive areas, capital markets, payments, and wealth management. In capital markets, total revenues declined from the prior quarter, driven by lower advisory revenues. Commercial banking related capital markets revenues increased sequentially since troughing in the third quarter. As commercial loan production continues to accelerate, this will support growth in areas such as interest rate derivatives, FX, and syndications. Debt capital markets is also expected to notably benefit over the course of the year. Within advisory, pipelines and backlog continue to remain robust, and we expect advisory to contribute to growth in capital markets revenues over the remainder of the year. Payments in cash management revenue was seasonally lower in the first quarter and increased 7% year-over-year. Debit card revenue continues to outperform industry benchmarks. Treasury management fees have increased 10% year-over-year as we have deepened customer penetration. We have substantive opportunities across the board in payments to grow revenues over the coming years. Our wealth and asset management strategy is delivering results, with revenues up 10% from the prior year. We are seeing great execution and the benefits of our investments in this area. Advisory relationships have increased 8% year-over-year, and assets under management have increased 12% year-over-year. Turning to Slide 15. On an overall level, GAAP non-interest income increased by $62 million to $467 million for the first quarter, excluding the impacts of the mark-to-market on the pay-fixed swaptions in the prior quarter and the CRT, fees declined seasonally by $12 million quarter-over-quarter. Our first quarter fee revenue is generally the low point for the year, and we expect non-interest income to grow sequentially from this quarter's level. Moving on to Slide 16 on expenses. GAAP non-interest expense decreased by $211 million and underlying core expenses decreased by $24 million. During the quarter, we incurred $32 million of incremental expense related to the FDIC Deposit Insurance Fund Special Assessment, as well as $7 million related to our ongoing business process offshoring program to drive efficiencies. Excluding these items, core expenses were marginally lower in the first quarter than we expected, largely due to timing of certain spend on tech and data initiatives, as well as lower incentive compensation. We continue to forecast 4.5% core expense growth for the full year. From a timing standpoint, we expect core expenses to be higher in the second quarter at approximately $1,130 million. This level should be relatively stable for the third and fourth quarter. There may be some variability given revenue-driven compensation, as well as the pace of expected new hiring activities. This level of expense supports our investments into organic growth strategies as well as data and technology initiatives. Slide 17 recaps our capital position. Common equity tier 1 ended the quarter at 10.2%. Our adjusted CET1 ratio, inclusive of AOCI, was 8.5% and has grown 60 basis points from a year ago. Our capital management strategy remains focused on driving capital ratios higher while maintaining our top priority to fund high return loan growth. We intend to drive adjusted CET1, inclusive of AOCI, into our operating range of 9% to 10%. On slide 18, credit quality is coming in as we expected and continues to perform very well. Net charge-offs were 30 basis points in Q1, 1 basis point lower than the prior quarter. They remain in the lower half of our through the cycle range of 25 basis points to 45 basis points. Allowance for credit losses was stable at 1.97%. Non-performing assets increased approximately 4% from the previous quarter to 60 basis points, while remaining below the prior 2021 level. The criticized asset ratio also increased approximately 3% quarter-over-quarter, with sequential increases slowing quarter-over-quarter. The overall health of the portfolio is strong and tracking to our expectations. Let's turn to our outlook for 2024. Overall, our guidance ranges are unchanged. On loans, we expect to drive accelerated growth from the first quarter, totaling between 3% and 5% on a full year basis. This will be driven by solid performance in our core, as well as meaningful contribution from the new teams and market expansions. On deposits, we're keeping the overall range the same at between 2% and 4%. We do see it more likely to end up at the higher portion of that range based on our momentum and the traction we're seeing with deposit gathering. Net interest income is expected to be within a range of down 2% and up 2% on a full year basis. As I noted, we see NIM likely a few basis points lower than our earlier guidance. We project spread revenue to expand on a dollar basis from the Q1 level into the second quarter and throughout 2024. Fee growth strategies remain on track, and we continue to see core non-interest income growth of 5% to 7% for the full year. Expense outlook is unchanged, expecting 4.5% core expense growth for the full year. Credit quality, as I mentioned, is tracking closely to our expectations, and we continue to expect full-year net charge-offs between 25 basis points and 35 basis points. With that, we'll conclude our prepared remarks and move to Q&A. Tim, over to you.
Tim Sedabres : Thanks, Zach. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We'll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Manan Gosalia from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now live.
Manan Gosalia : Hi good morning. So your comments on the NII guide were very thorough, so I really appreciate that. I think, so the lower end of your guide is now for three cuts, and I think your guide is a little bit more conservative on deposit betas than some of the other comments we've heard. So I was wondering if you can expand on that a little bit. Is that based on conversations you're having with customers or what's driving that?
Zach Wasserman: Sure, Manan. Thanks for the question. This is Zach. I'll take that. Broadly speaking, we're seeing the NIM outcome, but very similar to the view we had before, just as I mentioned, the sort of moderate tuning lower, you know, clearly the biggest change in the environment over the last three months, since we gave guidance in January, was the expectation for a much longer pause in this Fed posture or any rate reductions. And so at the margin, really we're seeing slightly higher deposit funding costs and overall interest-bearing liability costs. The other thing that's important, and I'm trying to note this in the prepared remarks as well, is that the deposit volumes are coming in very strong and slightly at the higher end of our prior expectation as well. And so that's contributing somewhat, although really good core funding clearly for the accelerating loan growth over time. So that's really the driver. You know, as we entered the quarter, we [just provide one last piece of color] (ph) on that. As we entered the quarter, the market forward was for the first rate reduction to be in March. We always knew that -- that was, we took the view -- that was likely not to be the case, but clearly that was the forecast of the market broadly. And we were beginning to execute the early stages of down beta actions. We've discussed shortening CD term duration, changing other elements of our pricing. You know, as we went throughout the quarter, clearly that reset. And so we've had to continue to be dynamic, as we would always be in managing deposit pricing, and likely now those more substantive downgrade actions will be pushed further out. So that's really the biggest driver of it, sort of the timing of when we'll begin to see more significant downgrade actions. Over time, we would expect to be just as effective going forward as we've been in the past on that -- and it's really just, you know, when will that occur? And hence, a few bps of additional funding costs here in 2024.
Manan Gosalia : Now, is any of that because you're also planning ahead of this accelerating loan growth that you're expecting?
Zach Wasserman : You know, it's a good question Manan, but the posture, we're in this custody moment here, clearly, of when will rate cuts reduce, and also not only when will the first one happen, but what will be the expected trajectory by the market, and by customers really thereafter. For us, we're very dynamic and granular in how we manage this to really optimize the next best unit of funding here. So continually thinking about when is that rate cut going to happen and obviously attempting to play in front of it. With that being said, we're talking about marginal tuning here and I wouldn't overplay it.
Stephen Steinour: And then if I could add, this is Steve. Our commercial pipeline is very robust and each month of the quarter has improved. So we're going into the second quarter with a very good, healthy outlook. As we think about our guidance for the year, we think on the loan side, we're going to be closer to the top end, which is in part the consideration for adding the deposits at the rate that we're doing here at this earlier stage of the year. Manan, thanks for the question.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Pancari from Evercore ISI. Your line is now live.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Stephen Steinour: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: So Thanks for the color on the NII guide. Just to confirm again, it does indicate that you are factoring in a higher for longer environment when all said and done in your outlook. But again, you maintain the NII guide of down 2% to up 2%. Is the primary reason for the maintaining that versus any upside by it would be if it mainly the deposit costs that you just discussed coming in higher, or is there any other factor?
Zach Wasserman : That is the primary driver. So yes is the answer to that. Seeing a little lower, few basis points lower NIM, but incrementally somewhat stronger loan growth, those things are largely offsetting, and continue to see the ultimate results in that guidance range. And importantly, the keeping for us is that trajectory, growing net interest income on a dollar basis out of the first quarter into the second quarter, and continuing on to the third and fourth quarter, and the outcome of that's going to be solidly expanding revenue growth and solidly expanding profit growth as well. So yes to the fundamentals of your question and the overall outlook, generally unchanged.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, thanks for that, Zach. And then separately, back to the loan growth topic, Steve, you just discussed that you've got confidence in the outlook, particularly given your pipelines. Can you talk about where demand stands now, where utilization is now, and what type of inflection do you see here? Because it seems like you've got confidence in the back half strengthening. I mean, what anecdotal data do you have to kind of support that acceleration? Thanks.
Stephen Steinour : Thanks, John. We see the commercial pipeline for the second quarter, particularly the high probability of close level to be very, very good, very strong relative to the last five quarters. So as I said, each month has improved in the first quarter. Second quarter strength is obvious now at this stage. We're also seeing good business banking, loan growth, and we have the benefit of these new initiatives, none of which have [books] (ph) that they're carrying. So the three new initiatives, especially banking last year, and the Carolinas off to a really good start. Texas was there a couple of weeks ago. Got a great team there as well. All of those investments will bolster our activities throughout the year. And then, as you know, we've got one of the largest [split-up] (ph) finance companies in the country. That tends to be somewhat seasonal fourth quarter. So those would be the combination of factors that give us a lot of confidence that we'll be at or near that upper end of our guide for the full year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Scott Siefers from Piper Sandler. Your line is now live.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I kind of wanted to revisit the margin as well. So on the deposit pricing, is it possible to make sort of a broad comment about is this sort of something that you're seeing and reflecting kind of market pricing pressures or would you say you're more on sort of the leading? Because it sounds like we're trying to support the loan growth, which is obviously a very positive differentiated factor. But are you all kind of leading with pricing on the deposit side to fund that growth or what does the competitive dynamic look like as well?
Zach Wasserman : Great question, Scott. This is Zach. I'll take it. I would characterize the competitive intensity of the market as generally consistent today with how it was at this time last quarter. So I don't think there's any substantive change. It remains a competitive market, and clients are clearly aware of rate and the competitive rate environment on the consumer, the small business, the commercial side. So it's a transparent market. I think what has happened, part of what we're seeing is, and I'm giving you guidance on it, its not just what's happening right now in the market, but the outlook for the whole year. So that's really, I think the way you should interpret these comments is. Whereas before, there was a fairly strong conviction of the marketplace, and even our prior guidance ranges had the first cuts beginning somewhere between March and August, clearly that time frame where cuts has been pushed out. And so the period of time before we can begin to manage substantive downgrade actions has just been extended. And that's really the main driver here. I think our pricing strategy is pretty much the same, which is, continue to price in competitive ways but not lead the markets to be clear and really drive the fundamentals of deposit growth from customer acquisition. We talked about 2% primary bank relationship growth in consumer, 4% in business banking, growing on the commercial side as well. And so that's the underpinning of -- the pricing strategy is really just designed to ensure that there's fair and appropriate pricing as we got on those deposits.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right. Perfect. And I think you actually touched on sort of my loan-growth questions in prior responses. So that does -- I appreciate the color.
Zach Wasserman : Yeah. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Steven Alexopoulos from JPMorgan Chasing Company. Your line is now live.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Zach Wasserman : Good morning, Stephen.
Steven Alexopoulos: Not to beat a dead horse on the net interest income guidance, but last quarter with three cuts, that got us to the high end of the range. And now three cuts get us to the low end of the range. And I'm somewhat confused. Zach, I always think your hedge fund magic keeps us relatively stable over short periods of time. I'm a little confused why three cuts now puts us down two versus up two last quarter.
Zach Wasserman : Yeah, good question. I appreciate it. And I think what Ill just bring back to is the two key things here. Overall, the NIM outlook for us in both scenarios is a few basis points lower, mainly as a function of the timing of when rate reductions will begin and when we'll see substantive downgrade action. It's somewhat higher funding cost environment than we expected. And that's with the main driver. Second thing I would say is the four key factors for us that are driving the NIM this year remains the same. The biggest positive factor is fixed asset repricing, which Ive just shared in the prepared remarks, we expect to see about $4 billion quarterly repricing of fixed assets. We should drive substantive benefit on the order between 10 basis points and even 12 basis points or 13 basis points, depending on how the value of the curve maintains here over the course of this year. The second positive factor is a gradual reduction to the amount of hedge drag we've got in the NIM. In Q1, we had 16 basis points of hedge drag. And I expect to see something between 5 basis points to up to 8 basis points, to maybe even 10 basis points, again, depending on how the curve moves here over the course of the rest of this year until Q4. Those are the two biggest positive factors. The other two factors are what's going on with variable yields, and what's going on with funding costs. Those are largely offsetting each other in both of those moving off of a direct cost direction, to be clear, in either a higher rate path or a lower rate path scenario. And those are modestly net negative for the full year. It would offset those positives and keep these overall NIM in a generally flat to rising position from here. So none of that has really changed. The last thing I'll say, a third point, is that all of the modeling we're doing continues to indicate that a higher rate scenario overall, all things equal, drives a higher NIM for us. Clearly the -- how this plays out over such a short period of time, three quarters, will really depend on the shape and trajectory and timing and everything. But that's the best we can do. And I think the guidance we're trying to give here with this range of scenarios is designed to allow us to give you stability in terms of the revenue guidance, which ultimately is the most important thing.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Zach, if we put all this together, you're saying NII bottomed in the first quarter. But I didn't hear you say NIM bottomed in the first quarter. Does that imply NIM has not bottomed in the first quarter?
Zach Wasserman : I expect to see NIM bouncing around these levels, or rising over the course of the rest of the year, depending on how the scenario plays out. And for that, kind of flat to rising NIM, coupled with accelerating loan growth, to drive accelerating net interest income on a dollar basis out of the first quarter into the second quarter of growth and then continuing to grow into the third and the fourth quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Okay. If I just -- one separate question on the non-interest bearing deposits. Balance is down pretty sharp, average of period end, we're seeing some of your peers showing in February and March good stability in those balances. Did you guys see that as well? Or did you see balances decline through the quarter? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Balances were modestly declining through the quarter. As we look at that -- we see a few things. One is the trajectory of dollars of non-interest bearing actually decelerating in terms of their mix shift. Secondly, for the most part, all of the mix shift that we think will happen within consumer has happened. And where there is continued drift in Q1 is really in the business and commercial side. Another point would be we expect the non-interest-bearing mix shift, mix of the percentage to continue to stabilize in the high teens over the course of this year, which is 19.4% as of Q1. You know, and lastly I'll say, as you think about that percentage, it's very notable to measure that percentage if overall deposits are shrinking versus if they're growing. For us, overall deposits are growing strongly as we've said. So the mix is one thing, but the dollars are really the most important thing. In fact, we see stabilizing here over the course of the next couple of quarters.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Thanks for taking my question.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Ebrahim Poonawala from Bank of America. Your line is now live.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good morning.
Stephen Steinour : Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess I just wanted to go back to something, Steve, you mentioned, I think in your prepared remarks, you said that the outlook in the economy is more conducive for growth. Your [indiscernible] probably the most upbeat, I've heard this over the last week. If you don't mind spending some time in terms of breaking down what you're seeing from customers in terms of strength and loan demand, looking into 2Q and beyond, and how much of this strength is just because of the proactive action Huntington has taken to hire bankers in Carolinas, Texas, would love some color around both those aspects. Thank you.
Stephen Steinour: Thank you, Ebrahim. The economy, we all see the aggregate metrics that are released. There's an underlying strength. We're seeing that, particularly because we've been proactive with our lending activities through last year, the core is performing well. We're getting growth in our [auto book] [ph], our distribution finance in particular, our business bank, so very localized levels, principally here in the Midwest. We're also getting growth in a number of our other areas. And these new verticals that have been added, they've all closed the loans. They've all generated lending activity and other activity. And the Carolina expansion and Texas expansion are delivering results and look very promising to us. So we've positioned the bank both with the core activities and these incremental investments, I think, to outperform peers in loan growth and perhaps in a number of other respects as well, certainly through this year and potentially beyond. The pipeline activity I referenced earlier is very promising. And again, the strength of the first quarter with every month improving gives us a lot of confidence. Our investment banking activity, Capstone related, their pipeline is bigger than they've ever had, as an example. So we've got a lot of opportunity in front of us, so now we have to deliver it.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That was helpful. And Zach, a couple of follow-ups for you. One, apologies on NII. I feel like I'm more confused after some of this back and forth. Should we expect if we don't get any rate cuts or maybe just one cut, NII tends towards up 2%. Is that the right takeaway?
Zach Wasserman : It will really be a [technical difficulty] take there. So I think the outcome will be somewhere between that range of EV. When we give these ranges, we try to generally box our plan and land in the middle of it. But of course, there's a bit of variance and just normal variability that's hard to forecast with such decision. So that's the expectation. I think we'll see, as I noted, just to clarify, a flat to rising NIM, a slightly higher NIM in the higher rate scenario, albeit with different drivers, and really coupling that with accelerating loan growth will drive dollars out of the level we've seen in Q1, up into Q2 and beyond, and to land for a full year somewhere in the middle of that range.
Ebrahim Poonawala: All right, so multiple scenarios, middle of the range. And any scenario where this could exceed that up 2%?
Zach Wasserman : Certainly it's possible. We'll have to see how the rate environment plays out here. I think really at this point, we're probably parsing the precision more than is reasonable. It's still a pretty moving target in terms of where the yield curve is now, but I think we'll land somewhere in that range is our best estimate.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Ken Usdin from Jefferies. Your line is now live.
Ken Usdin: Hi, thanks. Good morning. And thanks for that incremental slide on the swaps detail. I'm wondering if you can just kind of help us understand as we get through the end of this year, both in terms of what that swaps impact looks like and as important, that fixed rate repricing, how should we think about those kind of combined benefits as we get out of 24 and think about 25? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yeah, it's a terrific question. Just maybe I'll say a few things on that. One is the fixed asset repricing benefit that we saw, and as mentioned earlier, somewhere between 10, 11, 12, 13 basis points outside this year from that $4 billion turning quarterly. Our modeling indicates that well continue on into 2025 at kind of a similar pace. It's really a very long-term phenomenon, and [indiscernible] significant support to the NIM as we get into 2025. On the hedge drag factor within NIM, thats 16 bps in Q1, reducing down by something like 5 basis points to 8 basis points, as much as 10, depending on the rate scenario, lower by the end of Q4. That should also continue on into the early part of 2025 as well. You probably get to about neutral position if there are some rate reductions. And if you just look at the rate curve, the forward rate curve, there is an expectation in the forward curve at this point that there will be, in fact, reductions either in the back half of this year, certainly into the early part of next year. And so if that comes to pass, then we'll see that 16 basis points sort of fully resolved by the middle of 2025. If there are great reductions, then you see less of that hedge drag coming back. But obviously, then  because there are different environment overall, regardless. The other thing I'll just say, you didn't ask it, but I'll share it is, if you look at the sum total of all of our hedging activities, which, as you know, are always designed to protect capital against up-rate scenarios, protect NIM in down-rate scenarios. That chart that I illustrated in the prepared remarks has a gradual shifting of that exposure as you get into and throughout 2025. The net result of that should be that by the end of 2025, asset sensitivity should be about one-third less. And so that's sort of the intent of that program, more broadly from an interest rate risk and asset sensitivity management perspective.
Ken Usdin: Okay, cool, and then my follow-up, I'll just separate them. On just the fixed rate repricing, on the asset side, so we know about the meaningful help that you get this year, but then how did that layer in in terms of incremental fix rate benefit that happens into next year?
Zach Wasserman : So, as I noted a bit ago, I think it's about the same benefit as we go out into 2025, and that's fairly similar churn of quarterly volumes, and continue to see the belly of the curve that's largely on those assets are priced, significantly higher than the historical rate of those assets. Over time, of course, you'll begin to see that benefit reduce on a sequential basis. At some point, it starts to [indiscernible] but likely not until the latter part of 2025, at the earliest at this point, based on how the curve is shaping up.
Ken Usdin: Okay, my mistake, Zach. I didn't separate the two in your answer. My mistake.
Zach Wasserman : No worries. Appreciate your question.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Jon Arfstrom from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now live.
Jon Arfstrom: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Can you touch a little bit on the fee income outlook and what you expect there? It seems like you're implying a bit of a step up in that based on what you saw in the first quarter, but talk a little bit about what you're seeing there. And then confidence in hitting that midpoint of the guide.
Zach Wasserman : Q1 core fees grew by 3% year-over-year. And our guidance over the full year is between 5% and 7% on a full year. So that clearly implies we're going to see an acceleration of the income and an acceleration on the year-over-year basis, as we looked at this year, and high confidence to achieve that. The core drivers remain the same, as what we've discussed on many prior occasions. Capital markets, payments, and wealth management. You look at, sort of the trends we're seeing right now, what the performance was in the first quarter. Payments revenue is up 7% in the first quarter. Wealth revenue is up 10%. In capital markets, we saw commercial banking related revenues, around two-thirds of the capital markets activities that are really highly correlated to the pace and volume of commercial banking, that grew sequentially into the first quarter -- of the second sequential quarter of growth there. And I think one of the things that will power continued growth in capital markets from here is the fact that commercial loan production is likewise accelerating as Steve noted earlier. Advisory revenues were really beginning to recover well in the back half of 2023, but typically seasonally lower in Q1 for us in our focus in middle market advisory. We did see those advisor revenues lower into the first quarter. But likewise, our expectation for that is for continued expansion into the remaining part of this year. Pipelines look very good, very high quality, great firms that have contracted with us to look for M&A support. And so those are really the drivers from here. Payments continuing to perform, wealth continuing to execute the strategy, and then capital markets driving acceleration as well. And overall, continue to feel really good about landing somewhere in that full years range.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, good, helpful. I won't go back to net interest income, but I do want to ask about credit. Your numbers obviously look good, but anything you want to flag internally that you're seeing, and I'm curious also what you're seeing externally from a credit point of view. Thank you.
Brendan Lawlor: Hey, this is Brendan. I'll take that one. As you sort of noted in your question, the story of the quarter is [indiscernible]. Across all of the credit metrics, pretty much in-line with where we reported either the fourth quarter or seasonally adjusted when you think about delinquencies, looking back at first quarter of last year, we're right in-line. And we feel really good about the position that we're sitting in right now. If there's the one place that everybody continues to focus on and talk about, and we're highly focused on it ourselves is office and the commercial real estate side. But as we've talked about in the past, we have one of the smaller books relative to our office portfolio. And we have a decent reserve against it. So while we're watching it and actively managing it, we feel very well protected against it at this point
Stephen Steinour : Just to add to that, thanks Brendan. We've reduced the office portfolio by about $500 million over the course of the last four quarters. And our largest loan is $40 million. The average is $7 million-ish. So it's very granular, and it gets a lot of attention. And we expect it will continue to reduce throughout this year.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, good. If I can ask one more, I'm going to violate the one-in-one follow-up, but just bigger picture, there's been this myopic focus on the margin and net interest income. Do you guys -- do you feel incrementally better or worse about that plus or minus 2% guide? Because on one hand we're thinking about a lower margin in the very near-term and I get that, but it seems like it's higher funding costs to fund loan growth, which seems to be at the higher end of it. So I guess, the question is with some of these new developments do you feel better or worse about that higher or lower end of the net interest income guide? I think that would help people. Thanks.
Zach Wasserman : Great question Jon. I'll take that one. [indiscernible] two statements I would make. First is, I feel really good about the overall performance of the business. For us, it's about executing long-term growth, long-term value creation. And Q1 set that up really well. We've seen confidence in loan growth accelerating, great core funding, and therefore the confidence in being within that range is very strong. At the margin, my revenue outlook is a touch lower than was the case before. But I think we're in the range of tuning at this point, Jon, and hence, not overly parse this -- somewhere in that range, typically try to land in the middle of the ranges that we're giving.
Jon Arfstrom : Okay. All right, thank you, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is coming from Peter Winter from D.A. Davidson. Your line is now live.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I wanted to follow up on Jon's question just on credit. If I look at the ACL ratio, it's at the top end of the peers and credit is really holding in and you feel good about the economy. How are you thinking about reserving going forward? Is the plan to keep the ACL ratio fairly steady and just kind of support loan growth?
Brendan Lawlor: Peter, it's Brendan. I'll take a chunk of that. You're noting the stability quarter-over-quarter, and that's accurate. I think, as we look forward, it's really fact specific as to how the ACL coverage will move quarter-over-quarter, as we take into account the modeling of our economic scenarios, the view of credit at that time, as well as the loan growth, as you referenced in your question. We put all of that into the mix to sort of drive out of our modeling what we believe the right level of coverage is. And so -- it's harder for us to, you know, for anybody frankly to -- in this environment, to really give any strong guidance, as to which way the ACL will move, as it's really a quarterly specific metric these days, and the way it's run. So it's hard for me to come out and say, well -- we think it'll do this, and we think it'll do that.
Stephen Steinour : Okay. Peter, this is Steve. I'll just add to that. We've tried to be conservative with reserves over the years. We believe we're in that posture today and we expect to grow loans above peer this year and potentially beyond with the investments in these new businesses and regions we've made. And there's still a lot of uncertainty about where rates are going to go, when theyre going to move, the geopolitical tension, the uncertainties that can spawn from elections, both ours and other countries. So we're just trying to be conservative at this stage. Should we continue to perform at the level we are, there will be reserve recapture at some point.
Peter Winter: Okay. Thanks, Steve. Just one quick follow-up. Just that comment that you're feeling better about loan growth. How much of the loan growth acceleration is new markets versus just core strength? And is part of that positive outlook, given the early success that you're seeing on the new initiatives?
Zach Wasserman : This is Zach. I'll take that one. If you look at the full year loan growth outlook that we've got, it's between 3% and 5%. About 60% of that growth, we think will come from the core, and about 40% from these new organic expansion areas [Technical Difficulty]. And the mix of the overall company's growth will be weighted toward commercial, but consumer also growing pretty well. So that's the kind of broad answer in terms of the magnitude of them. And really, the other point is yes. The early traction is really very positive. We're seeing customers already being acquired, loans being booked, and the pipelines across all of the five new areas of focus for the three commercial verticals, Carolinas and Texas. The pipeline cumulatively is approaching $2 billion of loans, and also very significant deposit pipeline. Remember, these are tend to be full relationship strategies that are gathering loans, but also deposits, also fee income businesses in capital markets and payments and treasury management. So quite good early traction here. Obviously, starting from a low basis, Steve mentioned, so we're going to see that build here over the course of time. The last thing I'll say is, of those five, the most significant contributors in 2024, we expect to be the fund finance vertical in the Carolinas. Over time, the others will also be very significant, particularly Texas. But just in terms of the early momentum that we're seeing and based on when they started and were staffed, those two will be the most significant for 2014.
Peter Winter : And just one last final. Does the core loan growth assume a pickup in-line utilization?
Zach Wasserman : Not in substance. So if you think about the three big areas where we have outstanding lines in the broad middle market commercial lines, you saw that tick up just a tiny bit into the first quarter pretty flat, and it's not our expectation that that will change substantively from here. The second one being distribution finance. And that one we did see a benefit into the first quarter from -- and that was the typical seasonal pattern. We think that line generally now is stable level broadly. And we're just going to see the typical seasonal pattern. It's highest in the first quarter, it's lowest in the third quarter, just based on the kind of the cycles of inventory and sales. And then the last one is auto floor plan. We did see that also benefit us somewhat into the first quarter. But again, we think we're now at a point coming out of COVID, particularly in the auto floor plan business, where manufacturing has reached a stable level relative to sales, and we're going to see line utilization generally trending in a pretty consistent area from here in the floor plan business. So not counting on it really for the continued growth, although certainly benefiting from some seasonality in the first quarter.
Stephen Steinour: And each of those businesses Zach referenced, we expect net increase in customers. So they'll have a core organic growth as primary driver.
Peter Winter : Thanks. I appreciate all the color.
Operator: Thank you. Next question today is coming from Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank. Your line is now live.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. Most of my questions have been answered, but just from an industry point of view, are there any updates on the debit card interchange reform and remind us how meaningful that could be for you guys. And if any of -- it's incorporated in guidance, which I assume it's not. But any updates on that front? Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Yeah, good question Matt. Thanks. So the answer is no, broadly. No substantive update in terms of where that may be going. For us, we've got a really strong debit card franchise, it's one of the best in the country in terms of relative penetration and utilization within our consumer and small business base. So that's a real benefit to us. If you were to just run the numbers on the proposal as it was proposed, think it's around a $90 million annualized impact for us. With that being said, if history is a guide, often those proposals are changed substantively between the time they were initially put forth and when enacted, either to not come forth at all or to be substantively altered. So we'll see -- for us in our payment strategy, there's so much growth opportunity and so many opportunities to engage our customers that there will be, over time, ways to mitigate some of that and to certainly offset with other payments related to growth. As best we can tell at this point, to be fair, there is a proposal that would be at some point mid to latter part of 25 that will take effect. And so not in the guidance for 24 as you just noted.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to Steve for any further closing comments.
Stephen Steinour : So, in closing, we're pleased with our first quarter results. We're seeing momentum build across the bank, which will drive improved performance over the course of the year and beyond. We clearly expect our investments in our businesses to deliver growth this year and the future. The balance sheet is well positioned, ample capital and robust opportunities to support our growth initiatives. Our focus remains centered on driving core revenue growth, carefully managing expenses and growing loans consistent with our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. Just as a reminder, the Board Executives, our colleagues, our top 10 shareholder collectively reflecting our strong line to build shareholder value. Finally, we would not be able to take care of our customers without the efforts of our nearly 20,000 exceptional colleagues engaged every day across the bank. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your questions and your interest in Huntington. And have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference and webcast. You may disconnect your line at this time. And have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-01-19 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Huntington Bancshares 2023 Fourth Quarter Earnings Review. At this time, all participants are in listen only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone, and good morning. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing today can be found on Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and a replay will be available starting about one-hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Brendan Lawlor, Chief Credit Officer will join us for the Q&A. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statements disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, let me now turn it over to Steve.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We're pleased to announce our fourth quarter results, which Zach will detail later. These results are again supported by our colleagues across the bank, who live our purpose every day as we make people's lives better, help businesses thrive and strengthen the communities we serve. Now on to Slide 4. There are five key messages we want to leave you with today. First, we are leveraging our position of strength and executing on our strategic growth initiatives. We are well-positioned to benefit during times like these. We managed our capital levels to enable us to accelerate initiatives during 2023 and support continued growth. We added key specialty verticals in Commercial Banking and expanded into the Carolinas. Second, we outperformed on both deposits and loans throughout the year. Our colleagues are acquiring new customers and deepening our existing customer relationships. Importantly, we delivered this growth, while effectively managing our deposit beta. Third, we expect to modestly expand net interest income as we manage the challenges of the interest rate cycle and are driving increased fee revenues. Fourth, we are rigorously managing credit across our portfolios, consistent with our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. Credit trends are normalizing as expected, and we continue to believe we will outperform the industry on credit through the cycle. Finally, we remain intently focused on our core strategies. Huntington remained resilient through the events of 2023, emerging as one of the strongest regional banks. We maintained our disciplined execution and we expect to grow earnings over the course of 2024 and continuing into 2025 and beyond. I will move us on to Slide 5 to recap our performance in 2023. Huntington delivered solid results over the course of the year against a challenging backdrop. While the banking sector faced headwinds early in the year, Huntington emerged as a secular winner, gaining new customers, adding over $3 billion of deposit growth and further bolstering our capital. We also increased loans by $2.5 billion for the full-year or 2%, while driving capital ratios higher. We expect the pace of loan growth to accelerate in 2024. We added to our revenue base primarily as net interest income increased by 3.3% for the full-year. We maintained our leadership in customer satisfaction and digital capabilities, having again been awarded the number-one ranking by JD Power for both categories. We remained focused on executing our strategies, including growing consumer primary bank relationships by 3%. Additionally, we completed the realignment of business segments. We also delivered on efficiency initiatives, including Operation Accelerate, the voluntary retirement program, staffing efficiencies, business process offshoring and branch and other real estate consolidations. We were nimble and opportunistic, adding key talent this past year, with the addition of three new specialty commercial banking verticals. We also expanded our commercial and regional bank into the Carolinas, adding experienced teams in these attractive and high-growth markets. Additionally, we further strengthened our balance sheet and drove capital ratios higher over the course of the year. We're getting ahead of proposed industry requirements. And finally, credit was managed exceptionally well with full-year net charge-offs of 23 basis points. Moving to Slide 6. Looking ahead to 2024, we have a clear set of objectives. We will leverage our position of strength to increase growth of both deposits and loans. This outlook will result in accelerated revenue growth and is further bolstered by fee opportunities. This posture, coupled with our dynamic balance sheet management and hedging programs is expected to benefit the revenue and profitability outlook for 2024 and further expand into 2025 and beyond. This aligns with the improving macro backdrop, the higher probability of continued GDP growth and the avoidance of a hard landing. While we deliver this accelerated growth, we will continue to maintain our aggregate moderate-to-low-risk appetite. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 7 provides highlights of our fourth quarter results. We reported GAAP earnings per common share of $0.15 and adjusted EPS of $0.27. The quarter included $226 million of notable items, primarily related to the FDIC special assessment, which impacted EPS by $0.12 per common share. Additionally, the termination of the pay-fixed swaptions hedging program impacted pre-tax income by $74 million or $0.04 per share. Return on tangible common equity or ROTCE came in at 8.4% for the quarter. Adjusted for notable items, ROTCE was 15.1%. Average deposits continued their trend of growth into the fourth quarter, increasing by $1.5 billion or 1%. Cumulative deposit beta totaled 41% through year end. Loan balances increased by $445 million, as we continue to optimize the pace of loan growth to drive the highest return on capital. Credit quality remained strong. The trend is normalizing, consistent with our expectations and net charge-offs totaled 31 basis points. Allowance for credit losses ended the quarter at 1.97%. Turning to Slide 8. As I noted, average loan balances increased quarter-over-quarter and were higher by 2% year-over-year. We expect the pace of future loan growth to accelerate over the course of 2024. Total commercial loans increased by $125 million for the quarter and included distribution finance, which increased by $225 million, benefited by normal seasonality as manufacturer shipments increased due to inventory build of winter products. Auto Floorplan increased by $359 million and CRE balances, which declined by $361 million, including the impact of payoffs and normal amortization. And all other commercial categories net decreased as we continued to drive optimization toward the highest returns. In Consumer, growth was led by residential mortgage, which increased by $295 million and RV/Marine, which increased by $121 million, while auto loan balances declined for the quarter . Turning to Slide 9. As noted, we continued to gather deposits consistently in the fourth quarter. Average deposits increased by $1.5 billion or 1% from the prior quarter. Turning to Slide 10. Growth was maintained each month throughout the fourth quarter, continuing the recent trend. Total cumulative deposit beta ended the year at 41%, in-line with our expectations and reflecting the decelerating rate of change we would expect at this point in the rate cycle. As we've noted in the past, where beta ultimately tops out, will be a function of the end game for the rate cycle in terms of the level and timing of the peak and the duration of any extended pause before a decrease. Given market expectations for rate cuts to start sometime in 2024, our current outlook for deposit beta remains unchanged, trending a few percentage points higher and then beginning to revert and fall if and when we see rate cuts from the Fed. When interest rate cuts commence, we expect to manage betas on the way down with the same discipline as we have during the increasing rate cycle. Turning to Slide 11. Non-interest bearing mix-shift continues to track closely to our forecast with deceleration of sequential changes. The non-interest bearing percentage decreased by 80 basis points from the third quarter, and we continue to expect this mix-shift to moderate and stabilized during 2024. On to Slide 12. For the quarter, net interest income decreased by $52 million or 3.8% to $1.327 billion. Net interest margin declined sequentially to 3.07%, in-line with our forecast. Cumulatively over the cycle, we have benefited from our asset sensitivity and the expansion of margins with net interest revenues growing at an 8% CAGR over the past two years. Reconciling the change in NIM from Q3, we saw a decrease of 13 basis points. This was primarily due to lower spread, net of refunds, which accounted for 9 basis points, along with a 2 basis point negative impact from lower FHLB stock dividends and a 2 basis point reduction from hedging. Turning to Slide 13, let me share a few added thoughts around the fixed-rate loan repricing opportunity that will benefit us over the moderate term. The construct of our balance sheet is approximately half fully variable rate, 10% in indirect auto, which is a shorter approximately two-year average life, and 10% in ARMs with a four-year average life. The remainder of approximately 30% is longer average life fixed-rate. We have seen notable increases in fixed asset portfolio yields thus far in the rate cycle. Even as the forward curve forecast lower short-term rates, many of our fixed-rate loan portfolios retained substantial upside repricing opportunity for some time to come. We forecast approximately $13 billion to $15 billion of fixed-rate loan repricing opportunity in 2024, with an estimated yield benefit of approximately 350 basis points. Slide 14 provides the drivers of our spread revenue growth. As a reminder, we continue to analyze and develop action plans for a wide range of potential economic and interest rate scenarios. The basis of our planning and guidance continues to be a central set of those scenarios that is bounded on the lower end by a scenario which includes five rate cuts in 2024. The higher scenario assumes rates stay higher for longer and tracks closely with the Fed's dot plot from year end. This scenario assumes three cuts in 2024. We continue to be focused on managing net interest margin in a tighter corridor. Should the lower rate scenario play out and we see rate cuts as early as March, that will likely result in a margin over the course of the year within a range near the level we saw in the fourth quarter. This would equate to a net interest margin between 3% and 3.1% for each quarter of 2024. If the higher for longer scenario comes to pass, we expect the margin to expand and at a level that is up to 10 basis points above that. As we saw in December, the outlook for longer-term interest rates also moved lower significantly. There were a number of benefits from this lower market rate outlook. First, it resulted in higher capital levels given AOCI accretion, which supports our accelerated loan growth outlook now. Second, it provides for easing deposit competition over time. Third, it provides credit support for borrowers with the potential for locking in lower long-term rates. However, the rate outlook is incrementally more challenging for full-year spread revenue than the levels we had seen underlying our guidance in December. Net of these items, including the forecasted pace of loan growth, we now expect net interest income on a dollar basis to trough in the first quarter before expanding sequentially from that level over the course of the year. Turning to Slide 15, our contingent and available liquidity continues to be robust at $93 billion and has grown quarter-over-quarter. At quarter end, we continue to benefit from a diverse and highly granular deposit base with 70% insured deposits. Our pool of available liquidity represented 206% of total uninsured deposits, a peer-leading coverage. Turning to Slide 16, our level of cash and securities at year end increased as we've begun to reinvest portfolio cash flows during the fourth quarter. This investment strategy is consistent with our approach to continue to manage the unhedged duration of the portfolio lower over-time. We have reduced overall hedge duration of the portfolio from 4.1 years to 3.7 years over the past 18 months. Turning to Slide 17, we've updated our forecast for the recapture of AOCI. As of year-end, we've recaptured 26% of total AOCI from the peak level at September 30th. Using market rates at year end, we would recapture an estimated incremental 44% of AOCI over the next three years. Turning to Slide 18, we continue to be dynamic in positioning our hedging program. As the rate outlooks changed over the course of the fourth quarter, we focused our objective incrementally on the protection of NIM in down rate scenarios and actively reduced instruments that were intended to protect capital in up rate scenarios. As we announced in late December, we terminated the pay-fixed swaptions program as our assessment of the probability for substantial upgrade moves decreased. Over the course of Q2 through Q4, this program worked as intended, providing significant protection against possible tail risk up-rate moves with a modest overall cost for that insurance. Additionally, during the quarter, we added to our down rate NIM protection strategies, adding $2.1 billion of forward-starting received fixed swaps and adding $1 billion of floor spreads. We exited $2 billion of Collars, which were near expiration. Our objective with respect to our down rate hedging activities remains unchanged, to support the management of net interest margin and as tighter range as possible. Moving on to Slide 19, our fee growth strategies remain centered on three key areas: capital markets, payments and wealth management. Note, this quarter in our earnings materials, we've updated the presentation of our non-interest income categories in order to more clearly highlight our strategic areas of focus and more closely align to the way we manage the business. Slide 35 in the appendix provides further detail on the components of each line item. These three key focus areas for fee growth collectively represent 63% of total non-interest income. We're seeing positive underlying growth in each of these areas. In capital markets, we're pleased that revenues expanded sequentially, both advisory and core banking capital market products grew in the quarter. Our outlook is constructive for 2024 and we expect capital markets to remain a key driver for-fee revenue growth over the medium-term. Payments and cash management revenue includes debit and credit card revenues along with treasury management and merchant processing. Our payments opportunity is substantial, reflecting 31% of total fee revenues today, with the potential for significant growth over-time. Wealth and asset management revenue has benefited from the realignment earlier this year, which brought together our private bank and retail advisory businesses under one umbrella. Our advisory penetration rate of the customer base continues to increase as wealth advisory households have grown 11% year-over-year and assets under management are up 16% from a year-ago. Moving on to Slide 20. On an overall level, GAAP non-interest income decreased $104 million to $405 million for the fourth quarter. Excluding the mark-to-market on the pay-fixed swaptions and the CRT premium, fees increased by $5 million quarter-over-quarter. Moving on to Slide 21 on expenses. GAAP noninterest expense increased by $258 million and underlying core expenses increased by $47 million. As I mentioned, we incurred $226 million of notable item expenses related primarily to the FDIC deposit insurance fund special assessment during the quarter. It also included the last portion of costs related to our staffing efficiency program in corporate real estate consolidations. Excluding these items, core expense included higher personnel and professional services, driven by seasonally higher benefits expense, incentives, as well as consulting expenses. The level of expenses we saw in the fourth quarter is largely consistent with the dollar amount we expect quarterly over the course of 2024. This is inclusive of the investments we've discussed previously, as well as sustained efficiencies we are driving across the company. Slide 22 recaps our capital position. Reported common equity Tier 1 increased to 10.3% and has increased sequentially for five quarters. Our adjusted CET1 ratio, inclusive of AOCI was 8.6%. This metric increased 58 basis points compared to the prior quarter, driven by adjusted earnings net of dividends as well as the benefit from the credit risk transfer transaction we announced in December, which more than offset the impact from the FDIC special assessment. We also saw a significant benefit from AOCI recapture given the move in rates during the quarter. Our capital management strategy remains focused on driving capital ratios higher, while maintaining our top priority to fund high return loan growth. We intend to drive adjusted CET1 inclusive of AOCI into our operating range of 9% to 10%. On Slide 23, credit quality continues to perform very well and with normalization of metrics consistent with our expectations. Net charge-offs were 31 basis points for the quarter. This was higher than Q3 by 7 basis points and resulted in full-year net charge-offs of 23 basis points. This outcome was aligned with our outlook for full-year net charge-offs between 20 and 30 basis points at the low-end of our target through-the-cycle range for net charge-offs of 25 basis points to 45 basis points. Gross charge-offs in the fourth quarter were relatively flat with the overall change in net charge-offs largely result of lower recoveries. Given ongoing normalization, non-performing assets increased from the previous quarter, while remaining below the prior 2021 level. The criticized asset ratio increased quarter-over-quarter with risk rating changes within commercial real estate being the largest component. Allowance for credit losses was higher by 1 basis point to 1.97% of total loans. And our ACL coverage ratio continues to be among the top-quartile in the peer group. Let's turn to our outlook for 2024. As we mentioned, we expect to drive accelerated loan growth between 3% and 5% for the full-year. Deposits are likewise expected to continue their solid trend of growth between 2% and 4%. As a result of the loan growth and margin outlook I shared earlier, net interest income for the full-year is expected to range between down 2% to up 2%. The pace of loan growth coupled with the rate scenario we see actually play out, will drive the range of spread revenue. If the higher for longer rate scenario plays out and loan growth tracks to the top-end of our range, we expect net interest income to grow by approximately 2%. If the lower scenario comes to fruition and loan growth tracks to the lower end of our growth range, we could see spread revenue declining 2 percentage points. In both scenarios, I expect net interest income to trough in the first quarter before expanding throughout 2024 from that level. Non-interest income on a core underlying basis is expected to increase between 5% and 7%. The baseline of core excludes notable items, the mark-to-market impact from the pay-fixed swaption program as well as CRT impacts. Fee revenue growth is expected to be driven primarily by capital markets, payments and wealth management. Core expenses are expected to increase by 4.5%, this level reflects the finalization of our budget and includes the additional loan growth we discussed earlier, which will have some incremental compensation expense tied to production. Expenses could fluctuate depending on the level of revenue-driven compensation, primarily associated with our fee-based revenues, including capital markets. The tax-rate is expected to be approximately 19% for the full-year. We expect net charge-offs for the full-year to be between 25 basis points and 35 basis points. With that, we'll conclude our prepared remarks and move to questions-and-answers. Tim, over to you.
Tim Sedabres: Thanks, Zach. Operator we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning.
Stephen Steinour: Good morning, Manan.
Manan Gosalia: I wanted to start off on the expense guide change. I know it's a small change from 4% to 4.5%, but it is higher than some of your peers are guiding to for 2024. So just hoping you could elaborate more on what's going into that? And also, if there is a similar flex on the expense side as there is on the revenues, so for instance, if you get to -- you were down 2% NII number with more rate cuts, does that drive a little bit of flex in the expense side as well?
Zach Wasserman: Great question, Manan. This is Zach. I'll take that. The guidance that we've given back in October and in December was really primarily designed to be an early view for you so you can get and insights to some of the key decisions we're making for us to really be able to discuss that in detail, that was approximately 4% as we discussed before. The finalization of our budget reflects the additional loan growth added to the plan and associated fee revenues as well [indiscernible] represent the differences, up to 4.5% [indiscernible] its about $5 million a quarter, so relatively small. I think you are -- and the underlying drivers of that are unchanged from what we have discussed before. We'll continue to drive significant efficiencies and core [indiscernible] expenses with a number of programs. We'll continue to invest in our strategic growth initiatives. We'll execute on the incremental build of capabilities in automation and data, get ahead of the coming regulations and we'll execute on the really attractive commercial growth opportunities we discussed before. All of that's included in that number and no change to our expectation as well about reducing that growth rate as we go into 2024 -- 2025, excuse me, back to more normalized levels. As it relates to your question in terms of marginal sensitivity of it. Certainly, there will be just some degree of that. I think the expense that we guide is generally calibrated interest sort of the middle of the ranges we've guided in terms of revenues and so we saw potential upside of expenses. All of the revenues hit the high-end, likewise some potential opportunity if the revenues went lower.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you. And my next question was on the deposit franchise. You have a pretty strong core consumer deposit franchise and some of your peers have highlighted that there is still some lagged upward repricing in deposits there. So can you talk about how you expect those deposits to behave over the next few quarters and then as the Fed begins to cut rates?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. This is Zach. I'll take that one again. What we've been seeing in the marketplace broadly with respect to deposit costs and deposit beta, both across both consumer and commercial is the -- as we are looking stack, a deceleration of the sequential changes and very much for us trending highly aligned to our expectations. As well I will tell you that we are beginning to see in the marketplace a fairly constructive initial signs of firms prepared for what will likely be soon a down grader environment with a shortening, for example, time deposit terms with a change of promotional terms on money market and select testing of different price points for these segments in each geography, all of which is what you'd expect to pre stage what will ultimately be a series of down grader moves. With respect to your specific question on consumer [indiscernible] will that trend. I think the answer is yes. What we have been saying all along is that, deposit costs and beta will continue to trend at a decelerating rate through the pause period until such time if there is a rate reduction. And so, that's our expectation as well. I wont say the go-to-market pricing is generally here, pretty consistent if not, again testing somewhat lower price points, but there is of course of sort of embedded momentum of somewhat upward bias in terms of pricing for at least another quarter here and then we'll see. We got rates cuts in March, some aggressive in our view is possible which creates downgrade [indiscernible] rate environment holds out of deposits until September, which is will be kind of a longer period of [indiscernible]
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: [indiscernible]
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. And by the way, whoever wrote that script, the guidance could not be any clearer, so that was great. That being said, a few follow-up questions. The loan growth guidance from your peers would imply that the macro outlook which seems pretty consensus is indicative of software opportunities, and perhaps this is a good chance. Clearly, you've been telling us for the past few years that you've set yourself up differently and you've [indiscernible] differently to outperform. And maybe go back through those opportunities that they think that the average loan growth number is certainly notable versus peers and perhaps remind us of why Huntington is a particularly unique set of growth opportunity for this year?
Stephen Steinour: Erika, this is Steve, I'll start with that because you've asked a broader history. And then secondly -- so first, we do think the discipline on our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite, which has been in place now for 14 years has been a [indiscernible] and it has helped us as we've decided with this just to pursue and whatnot to see. With that in mind, we've been very purposeful and strategic about growing these businesses. And you saw at the Investor Day a mid-teens rate of growth in like a specialty banking. So we have a very strong middle market core banking set of capabilities. We have a tremendous amount of small business capabilities and capacity. We have market density in Ohio on small business and we're achieving that now in other states. So the core sort of regional banking franchise is performing very-very well. When you add to that these specialties that have been put in place, just three new ones last year, which by the way they're all off to a terrific starts. And then the expansion. We've been in like Dallas and Charlotte for a decade or more. When we see opportunities, we then pursue them. An example of that is in the Carolinas, where we believe we've got fantastic group of new colleagues coming to us with teams in to some -- just outstanding people who we've been following for years and it all came together. We were investing, others were not and there was some moment to be dynamic. In addition to that, we still have opportunities in these TCF markets. We are doing incredibly well in Michigan, but I would say, we're early-stage still in Chicago, the Twin Cities and Denver. And we like those markets, each of those margins. So we believe with the investments we made in specialty banking, the core regional bank performing well with opportunity, we've got lots of growth potential in the next few years, and that's where the -- I didn't talk about the asset finance business. So our distribution finance business is a horse. They had a phenomenal year last year. Our auto business is one of our best businesses. We've got one of the really terrific teams in that area and Floorplan has done very, very well in terms of its growth as well. So lots of growth options. The equipment finance more broadly, a lot of growth options in that, and we're seeing that through the cycle. And so, we believe we're poised to outperform and budget it and expect our colleagues to do so in the coming years. This is -- I can just talk on two things. First of all, thanks for the compliment on the guidance and all the credit to our terrific Investor Relations team. But just, one thing I would add on top of that is, we were pretty purposeful about staying on a growth footing across the board, and importantly, in terms of the financial resources and investment that we're putting against our core growth opportunities. And recognize that the net outcome of that, including some of the other things that we wanted to do in terms of data automation capabilities, would result in an overall expense growth that was higher than we would want to have relative to revenue growth, higher than we would typically target. And it certainly was something we discussed at length, as you know. But we took that view purposely and recognized it was contrarian, because in our view, the long-term earnings potential of staying in that growth posture is so much more advantageous than worry to have really significantly rationed back investments and expenses. And so, a bit of short-term challenge with respect to operating that will yield very significantly better earnings growth trajectory through the course of 2024 and 2025, the earnings outlook looks exceptionally strong as well. So just to tap on Steve's point, I think the whole system is really working and [indiscernible] results here.
Erika Najarian: For sure, and you had the capital, so it all makes sense. And just a follow-up question, again, so many moving pieces in terms of the rate outlook, but Zach, if maybe update us on your rate sensitivity as of 12/31, how does some of the [Technical Difficulty] in terms of your balance sheet management? And also, if you could give us a little bit more detail about what you mean in terms of managing the betas on the way down in a similar discipline? And I wonder if you could give us maybe your expectations on deposit beta for the first hundred basis points of rate cut.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Great questions. There's a lot in there to unpack. So let me address those both. As it relates to asset sensitivity for December, I expect it to be roughly consistent with the asset sensitivity we saw, that was reported in October. And you'll see that come out in the Q. I'm sorry, in the K. As we've discussed over time, the business is naturally asset-sensitive. And so clearly on the way up with the industry cycle, we've benefited very significantly in terms of margin expansion and revenue growth. I will note as well, something just as important to assess as you're thinking about asset sensitivity is, in our securities portfolio, as you know, we've hedged a large portion of our variable for sale securities, which has benefited significantly in terms of yields rising higher, protecting capital in the asset sensitivity metric in the Dow 100 [rapid] (ph) scenario, for example. It represents about a percentage point of additional sensitivity from those swaps. Those swaps will roll off over the course of the next 12 to 18 months. And most of that impact of sensitivity will begin to ramp off starting in the second half of 2024 and continuing on for about a 12-month period thereafter. The other thing I'll just say is that, as an important point is, those sensitivity metrics are pretty academic and not standardized across the industry with lots of assumptions, the beta being the most significant, but also whether those analyses are ramps on top of the forward curve, or whether they're just from a start point, ours is a ramp on top of the forward curve. So certainly, advising is important to assess those assumptions pretty carefully in comparing those metrics across firms. Back to -- so in terms of our [indiscernible] management posture, incrementally from here I see the opportunity to add downside rate reduction hedges. Our hedging strategy is incrementally shifting from a focus on capital protection to a focus on down rate protection, as we discussed in the prepared remarks. And we added some of that in Q4. I suspect we'll continue to be incrementally adding into those down rate protection strategies over time, which would gradually reduce downside asset sensitivity. In terms of deposit beta and what we would be expecting for the first x basis points, to give you a sense, in the scenario that I'm looking at where rates in fact begin to fall in March and then have five cuts in, even though its little more than your scenario, we would expect to see about a 20% roughly down data over a three quarter period by the end of 2024. We would, of course, be less than that if there was an extended pause through the late summertime period, but just to give you a sense of the sensitivity to your question.
Erika Najarian: So clear. Thanks so much.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Erika.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Stephen Steinour: Good morning, John. On the capital front, I know your CET1 increased nicely, about 15 basis points to 10.25 basis points in the fourth quarter. Just as you look at their trajectory here and your outlook for earnings and capital, organic capital generation, how are you thinking about potentially ramping up buybacks and capital return overall? Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Great question, John. Thanks. This is Zach. I'll take that one. We're very pleased with the outcomes around the overall action plan we've had with respect to managing capital and capital priorities throughout the course of 2023, as we've talked about, actively modulating the pace of loan growth to balance additional loan growth and revenue, but also accreting capital and balance sheet equally in the fourth quarter benefiting significantly from a recapture of AOCI, which allows us now to even yet again accelerate the pace of loan growth, as we discussed earlier. And for the foreseeable future, I see us continuing on with that posture, driving the most important capital priority we have is to fund higher-term loan growth. And there is a significant opportunity for us to do that, which is the most value-creating decision that's in front of us. And importantly, at 8.6%, our adjusted CET1 is -- it has been rising a lot. And we want to drive that into the 9% to 10% operating rate that we've discussed over time. So I think for the foreseeable future, we'll continue on with that plan. Once we get into the 9% to 10% range with adjusted CET1, we'll reassess our posture with respect to share repurchases. Over time, share repurchases are a really important part of the value creation model for the company. And I absolutely expect us to get back to them. And we're going to drive to those outcomes as soon as we possibly can.
Stephen Steinour: And John, as Zach shared with you in the third quarter call, we are advancing as if the pending capital requirements are in place. So we're building capital now that will meet those requirements should they be adopted.
John Pancari: Great. All right. Thank you. And then also for you, Steve, I guess related to that, maybe if you could just talk about the whole debate around the need for scale as you look longer term at the evolution that's going on right now within the regional bank, both the last year's failures and so the regulatory requirements and the need for scale to compete. How do you view the potential for whole bank M&A as a role in Huntington's outlook and what's the earliest do you think from an industry perspective, not necessarily for Huntington, that you think we can actually see a pickup in whole bank M&A given the backdrop and regulators.
Stephen Steinour: Well, that's a series of questions, John. I'll try to answer them, but I may miss on one aspect. Let's just back up for a moment. We had three idiosyncratic banks fail. And you've seen the rest of the industry sort of adjust and adapt and respond very quickly. And the core strength of the industry, I don't think, is in question now. For us, we believe in having a very focused, disciplined, and broadly diversified set of businesses. And we've been able to build those and achieve that posture, and it has served us very, very well as we've seen in the second half of last year and continuing to this year. So we're very bullish on our ability to organically grow and expect -- and that's our focus. We'll continue to do that. You may see further announcements from us this year in terms of organic growth moves. And I expect that we will continue to be maybe a bit contrarian, but agile as we continue to advance. We think we have tremendous opportunities already in the business lines that we have. So in terms of scale, I think the regulatory response is in reaction to those three failures, is raising questions about how much [indiscernible] will the industry or banks will benefit from in the industry over time. The expectations have clearly increased, as they should. And we are investing in our risk management platform. I think I shared on the third quarter call, for example, we will have much better intraday visibility of [indiscernible] in the near term as a consequence. There are a series of things like this that we're addressing. Now, I don't know the -- we've been investing in risk management since I arrived in 2009. So I don't know how we compare -- really compare to other banks. We've always viewed the stress test results where we've been top quartile or even leading in terms of the portfolio stresses by the regulators as a barometer. And it looks like that was a very good measure, at least at this point. So we're not anticipating a change in posture at this stage. We don't feel compelled. We have to do something. And yet, at the same time, should there be opportunities somewhere in the future, we take a look. But it has to be in a risk-adjusted context that makes sense to us. And I don't see that activity in 2014. I think we've got a tremendous amount of core growth to deliver and we're excited by that.
John Pancari: Great. Thanks, Steve.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning everybody.
Stephen Steinour: Good morning, Steve.
Steven Alexopoulos: So I want to start -- for you, Zach, big picture. So historically, a steep yield curve has been a positive catalyst for bank margins and earnings. But given how you position the balance you write with the use of hedges, have you in essence created a way much of that potential benefit in order to have a more stable NIM today?
Zach Wasserman: Great question, Steve. I think the short answer to your question is no. A steeper yield curve continues to benefit us. Obviously, that environment would be indicative of funding costs, which would represent solid margins against where asset yields are. I think we're in this really strange environment with inverted yield curves and with the dramatic reduction forecasted pretty quick here. So we'll see how it all plays out. But I think for us, the puts and takes with respect to NIM outlook in the moderate terms in 2024, one, we're going to continue to benefit very significantly from fixed asset repricing. I tried to provide some incremental clarity about that in the prepared remarks and the presentation. But see 50 basis point to 100 basis point moves in overall portfolio yield in key categories will continue to see that benefit us, not only to 2024, but to 2025 and beyond. Another thing is, for us, as the curve becomes less inverted, we'll see our negative carry from our down rate hedge protection program reduce. The negative carry, in fact, by the way, in Q4, it was around 17 basis points of drag. We've talked about likely we'll see about 10 bips of that come back to us. We believe the scenario will pretty align a forward curve here over the next four quarters. Funding costs, again, in a steeper yield curve environment where [indiscernible] rates have fallen, will really start to benefit us in terms of beginning to pivot toward down beta, and actually executing on down beta, since Erika's question earlier. And those things in total essentially offset for us in our NIM, the variable yield reduction that we'll see if and when the short end comes down. So I still believe that that [indiscernible] scenario of a nice upward slope in yield curve is accretive to margin, sort of supportive of it. And the goal we've got is the same, to try to really collar the NIM here, put a floor under it, and really position for upside. And I think the last thing I'd say is, kind of picking up to your question as well. The modeling that we have done about 2025, and we've been saying this for a while, really highlights NIM expansion opportunities, which again, is sort of an indication that the upward slope in yield curve is positive.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, that's helpful. Zach, I asked the question because earlier you said if the rates stay higher for longer, your NIM would be about 10 basis points higher in 2024 versus the Fed cutting. But as we move beyond 2025, 2026 there's a clear benefit to the NIM. Are you able to quantify for us like on a longer term basis assuming the forward curve played out, given what's on and what's rolling off. Where the NIM could be long term for Huntington?
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Yesh. But the point on the higher NIM and the scenario will stay higher for longer, it's not only a scenario where short end stays higher for longer, but also longer end stays higher for longer. I will note, historically much of our balance sheet yields key off the belly of the curve, the two to five year range. So I think that's an important point to consider. Look over the longer term I see north of three -- into the low threes in terms of NIM as a sustainable level. Of course, the business mix continues to shift. So I think it's hard to really be precise about that. [indiscernible] several years out, we'll have to continue to do our modeling. But over the foreseeable future, we see that range of 3 to 3.10 in a quicker rate reduction scenario, maybe as much as 10 bips higher than that, if rates stay higher for longer through 2024. And then I would see another step up into 2025, assuming the yield curve holds generally [indiscernible].
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, Thanks for taking my question.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Jon Arfstrom: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Stephen Steinour: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: A couple of guidance clarifications for you, Zach. When you say 1Q net interest income is a trough, how deep is that trough, how much lower? Where do you want us to start, I guess, for 1Q?
Zach Wasserman: Good question. Q1, by the way, is typically seasonally lower, just with day count and just other mixed items. And so, I think we'll probably see a level that is lower than Q4 by around the same amount that Q4 was lower than Q3, and then begin to grow from there. And so, it's really the trajectory from there that's really the major difference in the guidance range, given that, if you just pull back loan growth, I would expect, in Q1 we will be about the same year on year as we saw Q4 and year around 2%. And then steadily accelerating from there and ending the year growing at or even potentially above the high end of the loan growth range. The average should be 3% to 5% that I discussed. There's a trajectory for sure during the year. And likewise, in terms of NIM, I think it's likely that the NIM will likely meet its lowest point in the year in the first quarter and then kind of rising pretty heavily depending on the scenario you look at. But that's a general trajectory I'm expecting.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, good. I think it's important to set that up. And then on expenses, when you say consistent, there's a lot of hand-wringing last quarter on your expense guide. And when you say consistent, are you basically saying flat-line expenses quarterly for 2024, meaning that all the expense investments and hiring and things that you've done are essentially in the run rate today and you don't see a lot of these pressures as 2024 progresses, is that fair?
Zach Wasserman: That's an excellent point, I really appreciate the chance to clarify that. Broadly speaking, the answer is yes. The dollar amount of expenses overall we saw in core basis in Q4, the forecast we've got in our budget represents pretty similar dollar amounts overall for each of the quarters during 2024, coincidentally. In my [indiscernible] illustrate this picture for you, there's a variety of factors that are offsetting each other and driving within that. I would say there's still a little bit of additional ramp-up of run rate, some of the incremental capability investments that we're doing. Likewise, a little bit of additional ramp up on some of these new initiatives like in the commercial business. We're also actively tuning our overall strategic investments to modestly offset that. And then lastly, you've got these efficiency programs, which are cumulating in their impact over time. The business process re-engineering initiative we've been driving for quite some time. We internally call it Operation Accelerate. The business process offshoring initiative, which by the way is also growing, accumulating. So there's sort of a series of factors that are netting together, but the result of it is basically dollars that are pretty consistent with [indiscernible] to Q4.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, good. Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our next question will be from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey, good morning. This is [Nate Stein] (ph) on behalf of Matt. I just wanted to ask about commercial credit. Commercial real estate net charge-offs increased versus 3Q levels. Can you talk about what drove that and just touch on the outlook for commercial real estate credit quality this year? And then on the C&I side, these also continue to normalize. Can you talk about what you're seeing in this book? Thank you.
Brendan Lawlor: Sure, Nate. This is Brendan. I'll take that. For the quarter, yes, we did see on a basis of my perspective, there was an increase in the commercial real estate side. But I want to point you to the dollars there. It was $20 million of charge-offs in the quarter. And it really represented three transactions. So it's consistent with our view of the real estate portfolio at this time, which is from a charge off perspective, the focus will be in the office portfolio. That's where we think that there is potential for lost content, which is why we've increased our reserves to approximately 10% there. And so, what you're seeing in the current quarter is sort of the manifestation of that message that we've been delivering for some time. When I take a step back and look more broadly, the portfolio on commercial in general is actually performing pretty well. The C&I side of the house has had its individual idiosyncratic issues. But in general, the strength of the portfolio is the result of our strong portfolio management and our low to moderate risk profile that we target. So I feel really good about the commercial portfolio at this time.
Stephen Steinour: So, Nate, its Steve. The charge-offs -- gross charge-offs in Q3 and Q4 were $2 million apart. It was very, very similar. The difference was in all of their coverings. The pre-portfolio is performing very well. The office portfolio has had minimal losses, 23 bips for the year. Q1 charge-offs is outstanding. We're very pleased with how the performance has occurred, and we're confident going forward. Thanks for the question.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, thank you. And if I could just ask one follow-up on the criticized assets. So these also kicked up in the fourth quarter. Can you talk about what drove that?
Brendan Lawlor: This is Brendan again, Nate, as Zach said in the prepared remarks, it really came out of our commercial real estate portfolio. The impact of higher short-term rates has persisted, and that's what's reflected in those results. Again, we have been signaling through the second half of last year that we expect the criticize to move up, and that's exactly how it played out. Again, we have good confidence in our client selection in that portfolio and solid reserve against it overall. So I guess I would classify that as just more credit normalization across the portfolio.
Stephen Steinour: Thank you for the question.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning.
Stephen Steinour: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Just wanted to follow up on the loan growth guide, Steve. It does feel at the higher end of what we've seen over the last week from your peers. Not -- sorry if I missed it, but give us a sense of how much of this is just market share gain that you expect versus the underlying growth that you're seeing in these markets and your expectations, I guess, like the GDP growth?
Stephen Steinour: Well, we've had growth last year of 2%. If anything, I think the signal from the Fed pivot will foster further loan growth for the industry. We are in an advanced position. And so, we'll capture a share from that, but we also have these specialty banking initiatives in the Carolinas, and they begin with no portfolio, so there's no prepayment, repayment risk, obviously, and that's all net long-run, but those groups are off to terrific starts. We're very, very pleased with the quality of the colleagues who've been able to attract to Huntington, and I'm quite confident in our teams, both the core teams that they'll deliver in our footprint, the speciality banking teams. And frankly, our consumer lending teams are outstanding as well. So as we come into the year, we've got momentum and we're going to continue to invest in these businesses and that cumulatively should help us achieve or even exceed the goals.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And I guess what I didn't hear, Steve, was any mention of fiscal stimulus, the Chips Act, et cetera, flowing through your market. Is that not as meaningful going forward around moving the needle on growth?
Stephen Steinour: The markets have -- broadly speaking, we're talking about 11, 12 states that were in with our network. But here in Columbus, which is what you're referring with the [Intel] (ph) plant. That plant is well under construction, and the supply chain commitments will largely be made, we think, this year as they move towards opening in the following year. So we have some unusual factors that are strengthening the outlook here in greater Columbus. And we have very, very significant market share here and lead by a lot in most categories. But it will also benefit the broader region. And that's one of just many sectors that have chosen the Midwest. Think about batteries from East Michigan, Ann Arbor, through Columbus, and some of the announcements last year, including the Honda joint venture here in greater Columbus on the battery front. There's a lot of investment that's being made in the core footprint, all of which will generate economic benefit for the industry, and certainly for us with our leadership position in many of these areas. Thanks for the question.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Thank you.
Stephen Steinour: So I think we're hitting the top of the hour. I'm just going to wrap. I want to thank you very much for joining us today. In closing, we're pleased with the fourth quarter results as we dynamically manage through this environment. We believe we're well positioned. Investments we made in 2023 will further drive revenue growth in 2024 and beyond. Our focus is on driving core revenue growth, carefully managing expenses to support investments in the business, and growing loans consistent with our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. The management team is focused on executing our strategies that we previously shared. And as a reminder, the board executives, our colleagues, we're not just shareholders. And that creates strong long-term alignment with our shareholders generally. And finally, we're grateful to our nearly 20,000 exceptional colleagues who delivered these outstanding results and our perennial award winners for customer service. Thank you all very much. Appreciate your interest and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone, and good morning. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing today can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com As a reminder, this call is being recorded, and a replay will be available starting about 1 hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President, and CEO; and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer, and Brendan Lawlor, Deputy Chief Credit Officer will join us for the Q&A. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statements disclaimer and non-GAAP information, are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We're pleased to announce our third quarter results, which Zach will detail later. Our approach to both our colleagues and customers continues to be grounded in our purpose. Our colleagues, again, demonstrated that we make people's lives better, help businesses thrive and strengthen the communities we serve. Now on to Slide 4. There are five key messages we want to leave you with today. First, Huntington is extraordinarily well positioned to manage through the evolving landscape for banks. The near-term environment includes higher for longer interest rates and uncertain economic outlook, expected new capital regulations, as well as heightened regulatory requirements. Huntington operates in this dynamic period from a position of substantial strength. Our balance sheet and risk profile were intentionally built over more than a decade, explicitly for these times. Our market position, digital leadership, and momentum in core growth strategies put us in the top of the peer set. We intend to lean into this position of strength to drive incremental growth through existing and new capabilities. Second, we've managed top quartile CET1 inclusive of AOCI. We will continue to drive additional capital expansion for the remainder of this year and over the course of 2024. Third, we benefit from a cultivated, granular deposit franchise and have delivered consistent core deposit growth. Our balanced deposit base forms the foundation of our robust liquidity framework and has been a driving factor in our well-managed beta over the rate cycle today. Fourth, credit quality remains strong across our portfolios, driven by our disciplined customer selection, underwriting, and rigorous portfolio management. This approach is unwavering, starting with our tone at the top as we maintain our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. Finally, we remain intently focused on our core strategy. We are executing with discipline, while expanding with existing and new capabilities to support our long-term growth. And very importantly, we are remaining steadfast in our commitment to drive operating efficiency over time with continued execution of proactive expense management programs. We expect a level of uncertainty in the near term and some level of higher expenses to manage through the realities of the current operating environment. However, these investments will also be accompanied by sustained revenue growth, and the net result will be a Huntington that continues to be a strong regional bank with significant growth opportunities ahead. I will move us on to Slide 5 to further illustrate our position of strength. Our adjusted CET1 ratio is strong and near the top of the peer group. We intend to drive this ratio higher throughout this year and 2024. This plan extends our position of strength, supports continued execution of core growth strategies, and puts us well ahead of the proposed Basel III endgame and other requirements. Deposit growth has also outperformed our peers by nearly 10 percentage points since the end of 2021. We've built one of the most granular deposit bases with a leading insured deposit percentage, and we continue to drive the expansion of primary bank customer relationships. Our liquidity is best-in-class for coverage of uninsured deposits, representing nearly twice the level of peers, and we already meet the liquidity coverage ratio on an unmodified basis. Credit metrics are also a differentiator for Huntington. With top quartile and charge-offs compared to peers, and our credit reserves are top tier. Our management team has a long track record of disciplined execution. For example, we were recently named the number one SBA lender nationally for the sixth consecutive year and we continue to expand the reach of this business and our support of access to capital for small businesses. Interest rates continue on a path towards the higher for longer scenario which we've been anticipating for some time. As rates remain higher, the potential for economic activity to be negatively impacted has increased. However, thus far in the cycle, overall, our customers are effectively managing through it. We remain highly vigilant in our proactively managing all loan portfolios. Our top-tier credit reserves and expanding capital support our approach to be front-footed to take advantage of opportunities to win new customers and grow our businesses. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 6 provides highlights of our third quarter results. We reported GAAP earnings per common share of $0.35 and adjusted EPS of $0.36. The quarter included $15 million of notable items, which impacted EPS by $0.01 per common share. Return on Tangible Common Equity, or ROTCE, came in at 19.5% for the quarter. Adjusted for notable items, ROTCE was 20%. Further adjusting for AOCI, underlying ROTCE was 15.3%. Average deposits grew during the quarter, increasing by $2.6 billion or 1.8%. Loan balances decreased by $561 million or one-half of 1% from Q2, driven both by seasonality and our continued optimization. Net interest income on a dollar basis expanded quarter-over-quarter, driven by a rising net interest margin. We continue to proactively manage expenses and have begun a new set of incremental actions in the third quarter, including branch consolidation, staffing efficiencies, and corporate real estate consolidations. These actions, coupled with our ongoing long-term efficiency programs, as well as the measures we implemented in Q1 of this year, will help us drive rigorous baseline expense efficiency, while sustaining capacity for investments in the franchise. Credit quality remains strong, with net charge-offs of 24 basis points and allowance for credit losses of 1.96%. Return on capital was robust, driving capital accretion with reported CET1 now above 10%. Turning to Slide 7. As I noted, average loan balances decreased one-half of 1% from Q2, driven primarily by lower commercial loan balances, which decreased by $1.2 billion, or 1.7% from the prior quarter. On a year-over-year basis, average loans increased 3.3%, reflective of our intentional optimization efforts. Primary components of the commercial loan change included CRE balances, which declined by $387 million, driven by paydowns. Distribution finance decreased $434 million due to normal seasonality with lower dealer inventory levels in the third quarter before the expected inventory build in the fourth quarter. Asset finance decreased by $271 million. Auto floorplan increased by $122 million, all other commercial categories net decreased as we continued to drive optimization towards the highest returns. In consumer, growth was led by residential mortgage and RV marine, while auto loan balances declined for the quarter. Turning to Slide 8. As noted, we continued to deliver consistent deposit growth in the quarter. Average deposits increased by $2.6 billion or 1.8% from the prior quarter. Turning to Slide 9, we saw sustained growth in deposit balances in the third quarter, including sequential increases during July, August, and September, continuing the trend we have seen previously. Importantly, core deposits represented the entirety of the deposit growth for the quarter, with broker deposits declining quarter-over-quarter. Turning to Slide 10. Non-interest-bearing mix shift continues to track closely to our forecast with the deceleration of sequential changes that we would expect at this point in the rate cycle. The non-interest-bearing percentage decreased by 120 basis points from the second quarter, and we continue to expect this mix shift to moderate and stabilize during 2024. On to Slide 11. For the quarter, net interest income increased by $22 million, or 1.6% to $1.379 billion, driven by expanded net interest margin. We continued to benefit from our asset sensitivity and the expansion of margins that has occurred throughout this cycle, with net interest income growing at 9% CAGR over the past two years. Reconciling the change in NIM from Q2, we saw an increase of 9 basis points on a GAAP basis and an increase of 10 basis points on a core basis, excluding accretion. The drivers of the higher NIM quarter-over-quarter were higher spread, net of free funds, lower Fed cash balances versus the prior quarter, and higher FHLB stock dividends in the quarter. Interest rates rose during the quarter, particularly at the longer end, and as we expected, that drove a net benefit to NIM. In addition, our optimization efforts across both loan growth and funding mix continue to perform very well. These factors resulted in the margin coming in better than we had expected when we shared our outlook in July. We continue to analyze multiple potential interest rate scenarios. The basis of our planning and guidance continues to be a central set of those scenarios that is bounded on the low end by the forward yield curve and at the high end by a scenario that projects rates stay higher for longer. The higher for longer scenario today assumes one additional rate increase in 2023, flat Fed funds through October of 2024, and ends 2024 approximately 75 basis points higher than the forward curve. With the move and rates higher, we now anticipate net interest margin for the fourth quarter to be around 305 basis points to 310 basis points. This is 5 basis points to 10 basis points higher than the level we shared previously. Looking further out, our modeling continues to indicate 2024 NIM trending flat to higher from the Q4 2023 endpoint. Turning to Slide 12. Our cumulative deposit beta through Q3 was 37%, up 5 percentage points from the prior quarter, tracking closely to our expectations. Sequential increases in beta are slowing quarter-over-quarter as we have forecasted as the interest rate cycle nears or hits its peak. As we have noted in the past, where beta ultimately tops out will be a function of the endgame for the rate cycle, in terms of the level and timing of the peak, the duration of any extended pause before a decrease. Given the outlooks for possibly a higher peak and very likely a more extended pause than was the case three months ago, our current outlook for deposit beta is to trend a few percentage points higher than our prior guidance of 40%. We will have to see how the rate environment plays out to 2024 to know with certainty. What is critical in our view is to ensure we continue to manage both deposit and loan pricing exceptionally rigorously; drive asset yields higher; deliver solid incremental returns; and deliver a better overall NIM from the higher for longer rate environment as a result. Turning to Slide 13 and expanding on my point on loan yields. The construct of our balance sheet is approximately half fully variable rate, 10% indirect auto, which is a shorter, approximately two-year duration fixed product, 10% in arms with a five-year duration, and the remainder of approximately 30% is longer-durated fixed. This mix contributes to the asset sensitivity of our overall balance sheet and has helped us to benefit significantly from the current rate cycle. We are seeing solid increases in fixed asset portfolio yields. Given the higher for longer rate environment, we expect to continue to benefit from this fixed asset repricing going forward, supporting the higher NIM outlook. Turning to Slide 14, our level of cash and securities was down slightly from the prior quarter as we lowered some of the elevated cash we've been holding in Q2. During Q3, we did not reinvest securities cash flows, and the securities balance moved modestly lower as proceeds were held in cash given the attractive short-term rates. We're managing the duration of the portfolio lower, continuing our management approach since 2021. Turning to Slide 15, our contingent and available liquidity continues to be robust at $91 billion and has grown quarter-over-quarter. At quarter end, this pool of available liquidity represented 204% of total uninsured deposits appear leading coverage. Turning to Slide 16, we continued to be dynamic in adding to our hedging program during the quarter. Our objectives remain twofold, to protect capital in up-rate scenarios and to protect NIM in down-rate scenarios. The most substantive increase was in addition to our forward-starting pay-fix swaption strategy, which increased by $5.9 billion during the quarter to $15.5 billion total. This program is intended to protect capital from tail risk in substantive up-rate scenarios and once again benefited us as rates moved higher in the quarter. We also added $2 billion in [callers] (ph) to support our NIM against longer term down-rate scenarios. Moving on to Slide 17. GAAP non-interest income increased by $14 million, or 2.8%, to $509 million for the third quarter. Excluding the mark to market on the pay-fix swaptions, fees were relatively stable quarter-over-quarter. On an underlying basis compared to the second quarter, we saw increases in deposit service charges, including higher payment-related treasury management fees. This growth was largely offset by lower capital markets fees. Moving on to Slide 18, we're seeing encouraging and sustained underlying trends across our three areas of strategic focus for fee revenue growth. Capital markets, which has grown by a 19% CAGR over the past six years, benefits from a broad set of capabilities bolstered by Capstone. While 2023 has certainly been a challenging environment for capital markets activities, in both advisory and several credit-driven products, forward pipelines within advisory are solid, and we continue to foresee this as a primary contributor to fee revenue growth over the moderate term. Our payments businesses represent one of the biggest opportunities for both relationship deepening and revenue growth across both treasury management and card categories. In wealth management, we see a great opportunity to increase the penetration of the offering across our customers, leveraging our number one ranking for trust as we grow advisory relationships and drive higher managed assets with recurring revenue streams. Moving on to Slide 19, on expenses. GAAP non-interest expense increased by $40 million and underlying core expenses increased by $25 million. As I mentioned, we incurred $15 million of notable item expenses related to the staffing efficiency program and corporate real estate consolidations. Excluding these items, core expense growth compared to the prior quarter was driven by higher personnel, occupancy, professional services, and a set of smaller items within all other expenses. We have taken proactive actions throughout the year to support the low level of core underlying expense growth we have delivered. In the first half of the year, we executed on the voluntary retirement program, organizational realignment, moving from four revenue segments to two, and 31 branch consolidations. Now in the third quarter, we're taking another set of incremental actions. We are accelerating the implementation of our business process offshoring program, and we're creating efficiencies throughout the organization with the goal of prioritizing resources toward the largest growth opportunities in the near term. We're also driving incremental saves in our corporate real estate footprint, as well as implementing another set of branch consolidations with 34 planned closures early next year. These actions demonstrate our commitment to disciplined expense management and will support the continued investment into critical areas of the company to drive long-term value. As we manage expenses, we're balancing both short-term investment and revenue growth with the longer-term opportunities we know are in front of us. Slide 20 recaps our capital position. Reported common equity Tier 1 increased to 10.1% and has increased sequentially for four quarters. OCI impacts to common equity Tier 1 resulted in an adjusted CET1 ratio of 8%. Our capital management strategy will result in expanding capital, while maintaining our top priority to fund high-return loan growth. We're actively managing adjusted CET1, inclusive of AOCI, and expect to drive that ratio higher over the course of 2024. On Slide 21, credit quality continues to perform very well, with normalization of metrics consistent with our expectations. As mentioned, net charge-offs were 24 basis points for the quarter, and while higher than last quarter by 8 basis points, are tracking to our guidance for full-year net charge-offs between 20 basis points and 30 basis points. This level continues to be at the low end of our target through the cycle range for net charge-offs of 25 basis points to 45 basis points. As previously guided, given ongoing normalization, non-performing assets increased from the previous quarter and the criticized asset ratio increased, with risk rating changes within commercial real estate being the largest component. Allowance for credit losses is higher by 3 basis points to 1.96% of total loans, and our ACL coverage ratio is amongst the highest in our peer group. Let's turn to our outlook for the fourth quarter on Slide 22. We forecast loan growth of approximately 1% in the fourth quarter, which would put full-year loan growth at approximately 5%, matching the lower end of our prior range. Deposits are likewise expected to grow in the fourth quarter by approximately 1%. Core net interest income for the fourth quarter is expected to decline between 4% and 5% from Q3 before expanding throughout 2024 from that level. Non-interest income on a core underlying basis is expected to be relatively stable. Expenses are expected to increase between 4% and 5% into the fourth quarter, primarily driven by revenue-related expenses associated with the expected growth in capital markets, a seasonal increase in medical claims, and sustained investment in new and enhanced capabilities. We expect net charge-offs for the full year to be near the midpoint of the 20 basis points to 30 basis points guidance range. Finally, let me close on slide 23 with a few thoughts on our management priorities for 2024. We're still finalizing our budget for next year, and as always, we look to share more specific guidance during our January earnings call. First and foremost, we're committed to driving continued capital expansion, while we continue to optimize lending growth to drive the highest returns. As Steve mentioned, we're playing from a position of strength, and we expect to maintain that position as we get ahead of proposed capital regulations and phase-in periods. Related to deposits, we are continuing to acquire and deepen primary bank customer relationships. This should result in continued growth of deposits into next year, while supporting our discipline management of deposit beta. Given the expected higher for longer rate scenario, we will continue to position the balance sheet to remain modestly asset sensitive, which will support the margin, and we expect will deliver growth and then interest income dollars on a full year basis. Non-interest income remains a critical focus for us, with sustained execution on three primary strategic areas for fee revenue growth: capital markets, payments, and wealth management. Over the medium term, we expect that noninterest income has the potential to grow at a rate more quickly than both loans and spread revenues, given the opportunities for these fee businesses. As I mentioned on expenses, we have taken considerable actions to hold baseline expense growth to a low level. This focused on sustained efficiencies, including operation accelerate, business process offshoring, and the other actions, will yield multi-year benefits. These actions are necessary to allow for the continued investment into new and enhanced capabilities which will set up growth over the course of the next few years. We expect the net result of these actions for 2024 will be an underlying growth rate of core expenses somewhat higher than the level we saw in 2023. Our current working estimate is underlying expense growth of approximately 4% compared to the approximately 2.5% level we were running in 2023. We believe this level of expense management is the right balance to position the company to operate within the current environment and sustain our momentum into 2025. We will also maintain our rigorous approach to credit management, consistent with our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. Finally, to close, we believe we are exceptionally well positioned to proactively stay ahead of the evolving environment. We will be dynamic and address these numerous topics head-on. And over time, we believe this will result in opportunities to benefit substantially in the coming years. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and move to Q&A. Tim, over to you.
Tim Sedabres: Thanks, Zach. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. And our first question is from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Manan Gosalia: Hi, good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Manan.
Manan Gosalia: Can you talk about the puts and takes in that 4% expense growth number for next year? What sort of revenue environment is that baken? What are the areas that are pushing up expenses? And maybe also, why you have flexibility to manage more if the revenue environment is weaker?
Zach Wasserman: Yep, great question. And this is Zach. I'll take that one. Just to preface it and set a framework for the answer, let me reiterate what I said in the prepared remarks a minute ago, which is driving efficiency in our core expenses is a key priority for us. We're one of the most efficient banks in the regional banking space, and that's been a product of years of efforts. What we're trying to do right now is strike a balance of the short term and the medium term. In the short term, managing expenses to level up with growth given the overall revenue environment. But also in the medium term, we see significant growth opportunities over time for Huntington. And we want to make sure that we can maintain the momentum in our key strategies. And, in fact, capture the higher revenue outlook that we just shared. Even as we quickly get ahead, and I stress that word quickly, get ahead of the new and expanded risk management capabilities that we'll need to operate. If you take a step back, it was just over a year ago that we were fully delivering over $0.5 billion of annual expense saves from the TCF merger. Over the last year since then, we've felt underlying core expenses to 2.4%. And we did that with all the programs I've just talked about in prepared remarks. The long-term efficiency programs, proactive actions we took in the first quarter of this year, and now a new set of actions that we're implementing in the third quarter, including another tranche of branch optimization, accelerating the business process offshoring, driving efficiencies across the bank, and finding efficiencies in our corporate real estate portfolio. And as we look at the 2024, to your question, we're seeing the opportunity for incremental revenue upside, particularly in the really strong performance we've seen in our NIM management program, which is higher than our prior outlook, and good momentum in the fee businesses as we look forward. We want to quickly address the lessons learned from the last year's environment, address the new regulations coming around Basel, C-CAR, resolution finding, and ultimately enhance our risk management, so we can operate from a position of strength just as we are right now going forward, which will require investment. So the kind of things that are driving that roughly 1.5% higher run rate are invested into teams like Treasury, risk management, technology. It's with a focus on enhancing data, underlying process capabilities and automation. The goal, in the end, if I take a step back, is to get ahead of these requirements to quickly move through this period. We expect to see around a year's worth of this higher expected run rate of expenses, again, around 1.5% higher. And then that expense growth rate will come back down again as we exit 2024, and we'll see the underlying core expense management come through. It all goes back to the goal of maintaining our vibrancy, our momentum, and really ensuring that Huntington continues to be in the position of strength to go forward.
Steve Steinour: This is Steve. Just to sort of come in over top of that, we think this is the time to be dynamic to play offense, to be front footed in terms of a number of our businesses. And we intend to do that. And that will require investment. We'll have more colleagues, more talent, if you will. We'll have some new capabilities, all of which are in the plan and the numbers Zach shared with you.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And then just putting it together because you mentioned youre modeling NII trends higher as you go through 2024. There's more upside to fees. How does that play into operating leverage for next year? Do you still think you can drive positive operating leverage?
Steve Steinour: It's a little [indiscernible] to give you precise guidance on that, but driving toward operating leverage over time is a key element of our goals. You'll remember that is our three major financial targets we've set for ourselves. And we do see solid opportunity for revenue growth next year on both spread and fees. But I would stress again, coming back, what's critical for us is managing for the median term at this point. And we want to make sure that we can maintain those critical investments, even as we're driving the efficiencies in the underlying expense growth rate. Talked about operating numbers over time will absolutely be part of the plan. And we'll have to see the precise outlook for 2024 going forward and to quantify that in more specific ways.
Manan Gosalia: Appreciate the detailed answers. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Just on the net interest income front, I know you indicated that you implied -- you expect a trough in the fourth quarter and then expanding through 2024. Maybe can you help us frame the magnitude of growth that you think is achievable under the current curve assumption as you look at the NII upside? And then I guess the same question would be for your commentary around the margin in terms of expansion through the year? Maybe if you can help us size that up in terms of what's a fair assumption based on what you're looking at.
Zach Wasserman: Yep, that's a great question. This is Zach. I'll take that one. I think just to take a step back, we saw in the third quarter really highlighted the effectiveness of our overall asset sensitivity management program. We saw NIM expand and the benefits of asset-required pricing really coming through into a stronger NIM. What we saw in the third quarter was about 10 basis points increase in NIM from the second quarter. Around half of that, I will note, are items that were temporary in nature, reducing Fed cash in Q3 from Q2, drove around 3 basis points, we've got some elevated levels of dividend from the FHLB stock that was a function of Q2 FHLB borrowing. Those items won't recur. However, we did see a positive 4 basis point move in underlying spread in the third quarter, as I noted. As we think about Q4, our expectation is to have to see a NIM of between 305 basis points and 310 basis points, which is around 5 basis points or 10 basis points better than I would have thought this time last quarter. And it's really driven by the benefits we're seeing coming through from the higher for longer rate scenario, which as we've noted, we would expect to be accretive to overall NIM, and that is bearing fruit. Based on the trends we're seeing in earning assets, I expect the dollars of NII in Q4 will be down around 4% to 5% from Q3 and informing a trough both in NIM ratio and the NIM and net interest income dollars in the fourth quarter then trending higher from there. The NIM outlook for 2024, I expect to be flat to rising, as I noted. And I think the things you're going to see are continued really solid progress on the fixed asset repricing, major asset categories on the fixed side this quarter are seeing, again, sequential increases since Q3 and we'll expect to see that continuing on, particularly in the higher for longer scenario. Even as we do see data continuing to trend as well, it will be accretive to the overall spread throughout the course of next year we think. We will also benefit, as we've noted before, during 2024 from a gradual reduction in the negative carry from the received fix swap hedge portfolio, we estimate roughly 5 basis points throughout the course of next year on that benefit, mainly in the second half of the year. So I would say a couple that flat to rising NIM with growth in loans, growth in earning asset that, as I noted, it will drive overall NII dollars higher. We'll get more precise with guidance as we get into January. But those are the major drivers that we're seeing at this point.
John Pancari: Very helpful, Zach. Thank you for that. And then separately on credit. Criticized loans up 17% linked quarter. It looks like -- and I believe you alluded to in your comments, a lot of that was commercial real estate. Can you -- and I know you added to your reserve and commercial real estate nonperformers are also up pretty sharply. Was there a dedicated effort to scrub the portfolio that you're working through your exposures there that drove a lumpier move here? Or is this the deterioration that's starting to take shape as we all expect in this sector?
Rich Pohle: Hi, John, it's Rich. Let me start with that, and then I can turn it over to Brendan to give you a little bit more color on what happened in the third quarter. So if you think back to Q2, our NPA level was at 46 basis points, which was the lowest level we've had since the GFC, and we've had eight consecutive quarters of declines, totaling over $450 million since then. The Q3 level that we're at today, 52 basis points is right around where we were this time last year. So to me, it's not at a level that's concerning to your point around being proactive. We have been a lot of the adds to nonaccrual that we had in the quarter were discretionary. We think about two-thirds of our commercial NPLs are current on their principal and interest. The [crick] (ph) class is a similar story. We had reductions in five of the six previous quarters. And as you talk about credit normalizing, you would expect to see an increase in crick class down from that. So I wouldn't categorize the movements as huge jumps. I think it's just a normal position at very low levels for us. But Brendan, why don't you give a little bit of insight into the Q3 specifics.
Brendan Lawlor: Sure. Thanks, Rich. To provide us a little bit more color approximately -- per crick class, approximately 60% of the increase was focused in commercial real estate and our ABL group. There are two places you'd expect to see higher levels. On the FDA side, it was split more equally between commercial real estate and C&I. For both NPA and crick class, as you noted, the real estate exposure was focused mostly in office. And on the C&I side, beyond the ABL concentration I mentioned, there really weren't material concentration. So I think what you're seeing in the numbers, as Rich said, it's just a bounce off a very low bottom.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate the detail.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hi. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Just maybe a question for you, Steve. I think -- I mean, you all have talked about being transported, there are banks that are talking about coming back to loan growth next year. But I'm just wondering if there's going to be a ton of loan demand to speak of for banks to lend into. Just give us a sense of what you seeing across your footprint? Where that loan demand is coming from? Or are you seeing customers get increasingly cautious?
Steve Steinour: Ebrahim, great question. Thank you. I believe there's a growing cautiousness in whats going on in Israel and the Middle East, what's going on in Washington. We've got a UAW strike that does not have an apparent resolution. And I think, businesses are reacting to that. 99% of our customer base, privately owned companies rates are up. They're using their liquidity, but the uncertain economic outlook and where rates are going, all sort of are headwinds to the next round of growth. Having said that, our businesses are doing well. We'll have good growth. We'll be within guidance that we gave you, that Zach gave you earlier in the year, we will be up about 5% year-over-year. And we'll continue to see growth next year, I believe, in a couple of areas in particular. Our distribution finance is a powerful engine. It seasonally reduced this quarter. It will be up in the fourth quarter, and we expect to continue to grow that by winning new business. We are a significant equipment finance lender. And more and more onshoring, more automation, there'll be continued demand, albeit probably not at the levels we saw in 2022 and before. That will play well. And we're top 10 asset-based lender. So all of those asset related finance activities should do well in this environment. And as you know, we are a huge small business bank. The small businesses will need more support and we'll be there for them. And those will be sources of growth. But there's an overall more cautious outlook within our customer base, just that will have some moderate impact on, I think, on overall loan demand next year.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. That's helpful. And I guess a follow-up. Zach, you mentioned solid increases in fixed asset portfolio yield as they repriced. Just talk to us in terms of when these are coming up for repricing? Is it just kind of playing out contractually? If there's some negotiation in terms of the spreads that are narrowing at the time of repricing of these fixed rate loans? And is that kind of impacting credit trends, are some of these borrowers looking a bit worse in terms of their ability to service the debt post repricing?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great questions, and let me address those. So what I'd say is, in terms of the trajectory on asset yield, taking a step back, over 200 basis points through the cycle to date, and it's really been a couple of things, most notably an intentional outcome that we've had in terms of how we're incrementally driving new loan production into -- and really driving for higher returns, which also is often higher NIM. And so we're seeing that come through in a lot of the areas where we're actively modulating and optimizing indirect auto, for example, is a great example that fuels up tremendously on the [indiscernible] course of the cycle. It's also though just a natural outcome of the structure of the balance sheet. And one of the reasons why we added the slide we did this quarter in terms of -- detail there was to just provide more transparency into that. We're around 50% fully variable. So you're seeing benefits of higher rates come through on that portfolio. Another roughly 10% in shorter durated fixed indirect auto. As I just noted, we're seeing really sizable increases in portfolio yield there. Another 10% in arms with a five-year duration, which we're gradually seeing that come through. In the higher for longer scenario, every one of those fixed asset categories, including the longer durated remaining third of the portfolio are really seeing the benefit and we've seen just in Q3, 50 basis points increase in the coupon yields across the portfolio, greater than 20 basis point increase in back book portfolio yields. And I do think that will continue to trend here be more than a key drivers for NIM stability and growth as we go into 2024. We're not seeing any substantive portfolio-wide credit-driven yield repricing [indiscernible] and really, it's much more fundamental as I noted.
Steve Steinour: Ebrahim, just to add, we've got a very diversified portfolio. We've been very disciplined with our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite over the years, you've seen us report quarterly since 2010 on the consumer book, which is super prime, prime auto and resi, et cetera. So we're sitting in a position we feel is strong, we have confidence in the portfolio and our ability to manage through even in a tougher cycle. And as we've said to our customer base, we've got a relationship orientation. We're here to support them, and we will -- we're in a position to do that with our reserves, our capital, our robust liquidity and that leads us to this stance of playing offense and moving share during these next couple of years.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to clarify if I heard correctly just on the NII. Are we expecting it to grow full year 2023 -- pardon me, full year 2024 over 2023 or just positively off the fourth quarter base?
Zach Wasserman: Well, Scott, a great question. [indiscernible] to clarify both [indiscernible] trajectory of growth out the year and on a net basis, full year growth as well, which is going to be a function of flat to rising NIMs and been pretty comparable overall full year NIM year-on-year as well as growth in earning assets and loans.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you for that. And then I wanted to kind of revisit the cost equation a bit. Maybe on the initiatives that you began in the third quarter, maybe just some thoughts on how substantial they are? And I guess ultimately -- I guess the question becomes, we'll have about 4% expense growth despite these initiatives sort of begs what cost growth might have been without them. So just any sort of further thoughts on exactly where we're investing, what this will ultimately end up driving et cetera.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, terrific question. [indiscernible] to expand on that. If I think about the equation that we were managing in 2023, we've been seeing around a 2%, 2.5% underlying expense growth. And that's with the benefit of significant efficiencies that we're generating this year. I estimate thats around 1% benefit in expenses in 2023 for these cumulative initiatives we are running for the last six, 18 months and self-funding underlying investments. We've talked about this model before, driving efficiencies is the core, keeping the underlying core at a low level with the funnel and outsized level of investment and expense growth into key investment earnings like tech, marketing, new additions of personnel to support new strategies, those underlying investments are up almost 20% in 2023, which is what we will hold the competitive capabilities that weve got. As we go into -- that model is what drove the overall roughly 2.5% growth that we saw in 2023. I think what we're seeing as we go into 2024 is roughly similar sort of underlying expense management program, really modeling down somewhat the underlying adjustments in light of the environment, clearly, but also bearing some modest incremental impacts of just the cumulative inflationary environment and the efficiencies will rise as well. And so, the net kind of underlying run rate that I would have expected into next year is around 2.5%. And then on top of that, we are accelerating, again, these investments in regulatory response, risk management capabilities that represents the additional 1.5% expense growth as we go into next year. That's the 4% trajectory. If I think about where we're investing just to touch on this briefly, continued focus on core strategy investments, delivering the TCF revenue synergies, growing our commercial bank through vertical specialized  specialties, expertise, digital and product development in our Consumer Banking and Business Banking division, continue to drive the fee revenue strategies and capital markets, payments and wealth. And then on top of that, clearly dealing with these additional areas around Basel III, CCAR, liquidity, interest rate risk management, resolution planning and data and alteration.
Steve Steinour: Scott, this is Steve. Just to add on. You'll also see several new initiatives that are also included in that number of 4% and we'll be announcing Q4 and Q1.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. And I guess just one final ticky-tack question. The fourth quarter cost increase, will that include any unusual charges the way we saw this quarter?
Zach Wasserman: So we saw around $15 million of onetime costs this quarter. Some portion of the onetime costs that we expect to arise as a result of the new initiatives were taking place, we're not able to be accounted for within the third quarter. I'm expecting roughly $10 million additional onetime expenses in the fourth quarter related to those same initiatives. That's not included in the guidance that I gave earlier relatively [indiscernible] scheme of things. So the total one-timers related to those actions, I expect to be approximately $25 million in total, which, again, we've taken $15 million [indiscernible].
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you all very much.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. So just circling back on capital, obviously, strong, really any ratio you look at including AOCI and I understand the logic of building capital from here given uncertain macro and you're kind of leading in the business. But is there a level that you're like once we get here, it's just more than we need under almost any scenario, and you'd look to deploy it more aggressively?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. It's a great question. Let me take a minute to expand on that. As you know, driving capital higher from here is a key focus. We have fully transitioned within the company to managing the primary metric of adjusted CET1, inclusive of AOCI. And on that basis, we're at 8% in the third quarter, our operating range for CET1 is between 9% to 10%. And so we want to drive that 8% ratio up into that operating range of between 9% and 10%, and that's the key goal. I think by the time we get there, I expect that -- we have significant confidence in being able to do that, by the way, over time. By the time we get there, presumably we'll have clarity around the final Basel III requirements, any other implications to capital coming out of the new regulatory environment. And we'll be able to also reassess where the macro environment is and where the lending trajectory are, look to the question we answered earlier. And so, hard to tell sort of exactly where within that range we will want to go. But my expectation is once we get into that range, but we have opportunity to get back to a more normalized capital distribution model, support elevated and longer-term run rate levels of loan growth that we've seen in the past and move through it. I'll just tack on our current working hypothesis and modeling estimate around the Basel III proposal, if it was adopted exactly as was proposed, just roughly 5% increase in RWA based on the phase-in schedule that was proposed as part of the NBR that wouldn't be phased-in until 2027, and will represent about 40 bps of CET1 in 2027. Again as that proposal is written. And so part of this is just quickly get ahead of that even its far out of time [indiscernible] and allow us to really move forward on our front foot starts in 2025 and beyond from an accelerated loan growth perspective.
Matt O'Connor: Got it. That was helpful. And then just quickly squeeze the mark-to-market impact of the swaptions, maybe it's a silly question, but do we just kind of put in some gains when rates go up and then if rates go the other way, is it mark-to-market on the negative side? Or how should we think about modelling that and the drivers?
Zach Wasserman: Let me expand on that, and I'll [indiscernible] just modelling question. Just the strategy of those instruments was to protect capital against really substantive up-rate scenarios. When we purchased them, they were roughly 200 basis points out of the money. We got about 9 months to 12 months of forward life and they would be designed to protect a third to maybe as much as 45% of the securities value at risk in those really substance about 200 basis point to 300 basis point shock scenarios. I think the -- we put a lot of them on early in the second quarter. We added to that portfolio earlier in the third quarter. And we see -- we spent roughly $30 million in premium. So in our view, a pretty small insurance policy for a very significant benefit in those shock scenarios. What we've seen thus far is gains. We saw $18 million of gain in Q2, a $33 million of gain in Q3. That's a $51 million cumulative gain. I'll tell you, if you were to strike them right now, you see another gain in the fourth quarter [indiscernible] March at the very end of the quarter. The answer is yes, in the near term. If rates rise, you see a gain in them. Rates fall, you would see a loss in them. The key thought process for us is how critical is that insurance policy to continue to maintain. And so versus the game in them. If we continue to hold them, I would expect that over time, they would expire unused and out of the money. You see that gain run back through as a negative through fee income if they largely closed out, and we will be dynamic in continuing to watch the interest rate outlook with a primary focus on protection capital. At this point, again, pretty deminimus cash outlay for a really strong insurance policy.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks for the detail.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Usdin, Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin: Hi. Good morning. Steve, I know you talked about generally a little bit of softening demand out there. But I wanted to ask to ask you on your auto business, I did notice that your originations were up, and obviously, a lot of peers have pulled away from this business, and it's a business that you guys have been historically very strong and now has really good incremental yield. Just wondering if that's at all an opportunity set and have you kind of -- how do you think through reengaging there as one of those potential growth engines, especially as you've been able to show the deposit stability? Thanks.
Steve Steinour: Ken, great question. And auto has performed very, very well for us. We have confidence in its credit and spreads are very attractive. It's a cyclical product and in the past, we -- when spreads have widened, we've chosen to do a bit more. We'll be dynamic as we look at this as the interest rate environment clarifies. And it's a short -- it's a relatively short asset. It's roughly a two year average duration. So we like this asset class a lot, and we certainly like it counter cyclically. And that will be something we'll be looking at closely as we go into 2024 and 2025.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Great. And then last thing, Zach, just looking at what you moved around a little bit on the swaps portfolios. Can you just kind of walk us through some of your decision trees with regards to this quarter's terminations and locking in here and any anticipated future activity you're thinking about in terms of just the book as it stands going forward? Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Absolutely, absolutely. And I will tell you this is a very dynamic and active discussion, its really a pretty rigorous data and analysis process that we do. And it's always focused on two key strategies. Protecting capital against upgrade scenarios and projecting NIM against downgrade scenarios. I'd like -- in the prior question around the pay fix swaptions, you did add during the quarter to that, anticipating that rates had the strong potential of moving higher and want to protect capital against that and we did [indiscernible] as you saw, clearly, and so that benefited us there. But what's interesting as well is that the curve has steepened, the long end has come up as much as it has. The opportunity to optimize and can take incremental downgrade hedging opportunities in a more efficient manner with less upfront negative carry is increasing. I would say as it relates to that, our view is still lagging into it, no big bets, and we're seeing very significant benefits that come through in the base asset sensitivity, clearly, but over the longer term, I think out into 2025, 2026, 2027, we certainly want to protect those revenue streams and will we see the opportunity to increase downward hedging here if the environment continues to be what it is. In the meantime, it's more of an optimization effort, I would say. You saw us exit some received fixed swaps in Q3. This was mainly a shorter duration, just less efficient structures by [indiscernible] increased the capacity to re-up for longer structures. We entered in some collars, which would give us the option for downgrade hedging rates are attractive out of the future. And I do suspect that there'll be more of that downgrade hedging opportunity, as we go throughout Q4 and into the part of next year if the curve continues to be the way it's shaped now.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And is there a way of kind of just putting all that together in terms of like the net impact of the swaps book on your NII and is that getting better going forward or worse? Can you just kind of help us put it in context, if you can?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. That's a great question. So just zooming into 2024 for a second, based on the swaps that we've got in the portfolio today, I do expect we're seeing roughly a 15 basis point to 17 basis point drag in [indiscernible] 15 in Q3, I expect to be roughly 17 bps of drag in Q4 of 2023 from the overall swaps coming through NIM. As I noted one of the earlier questions in this hour, by 2024 I expect that to reduce by about 5 bps, particularly into the second half of the year when the curve starts to fall in the forecast. So that's probably the best way to answer your question. And the goal is to call it a NIM really just to support it in this type of range for years we can.
Ken Usdin: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: My questions have been asked and answered. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank, Erika.
Zach Wasserman: Thank, Erika.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Rich or Brendan, what's the message you want to send us on the outlook for provision and reserves. I mean it feels like you feel fine on credit, but I'm curious if you feel you need to build reserves and how you want us to think about provision?
Rich Pohle: Yes. Let me just start with kind of where we are in the quarter. We bumped up by 3 basis points our coverage ratio. It was really a 1% dollar increase, it went up $26 million, and we put most of that into the commercial real estate reserve, just given the uncertainty that we've got there. Where we go from here, I mean, we don't give specific guidance around the coverage ratio, particularly around the provision. But it's going to depend on where the economy goes to the extent that we see further weakening, we'll reevaluate it. But I would imagine that any builds from here would be similar to what you would see in the third quarter, fairly nominal from a dollar standpoint, we might be moving some things around. But in general, we feel really good about where the reserve is right now. And as we get to the other side of this and the economic outlook starts to improve, you can see us bringing the coverage ratio back down into that 160 range over time. So we'll look at it every quarter, Jon, and -- but we feel good about the 196 right now.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Late in the call, Steve, but just a bigger picture question for you. You had a good quarter. But when I saw the guide for the fourth quarter for lower NII and higher expenses and then for the expense guide for 2024, you kind of pulled back some of that optimism. I guess my bigger -- and I think you understand that. But my bigger picture question is, what's the message for 2024? Is that -- is it a year of investment and you're not going to push revenue growth? Or are we just all being a little bit too pessimistic here and just focusing on the expenses and some of the near-term NII headwinds?
Steve Steinour: Zach also talked about improving net interest income and NIM at 2024. So I don't think of that as -- our outlook is not of a negative nature. We're investing in the businesses, we're going to do a number of things that I think will position us really well for the medium term, like 2025, 2026 in terms of further growth. We'll have some new capabilities and some additional talent in the company. We'll be in a position to manage with data and processes even better as we go forward. We're accelerating some of our multiyear plans into 2024. And as Zach said, that's -- that growth outlook or expenses in 2025 comes back to a more normal level. So this is us being intentional, position the company to play OpEx and we think we're in that position. We are confident on our credit. We've got good and growing capital on both a gross and an adjusted basis. Liquidity is exceptional. The deposit growth continues. And as you saw in 2010 to those who were around in that period of time, there are moments to take advantage. That's when we launched [indiscernible] as we do a number of things in the commercial bank and really opened up SBA lending, et cetera. We think this coming year is one of those moments, and we intend to put out those.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. So it's -- okay, that's good. I had to ask it, Steve, I'm getting asked that question, but I just needed to know if you're optimistic or pessimistic for 2024, and it sounds like you're
Steve Steinour: We are optimistic about 2024 and beyond. And beyond, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: All right. All right. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Our final question is from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hi. Good morning, everyone.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: Steve, I heard all the commentary for the past hour on expenses. And I guess what I still to understand is, is the step-up in expense growth in 2024, is that tied to you seeing a better revenue environment to absorb a higher level of spend or is something going on that's going to require you to be spend more in 2024 agnostic for the revenue environment?
Steve Steinour: So we're gearing the company to manage a growth dynamic that we expect will be in place in 2024 and beyond. We also are accelerating certain multiyear investments into 2024, so that we're in an even better position with data, and it's principally data to manage in -- managing company, right? We're at different scale outpost TCF. We saw a lot of unique activity in March around Silicon Valley, things move very quickly. We want -- and board wants better data, better access to information that we have and make pushing a button together. So -- we've been on a multiyear journey. We're going to pull that forward and position the company to be even stronger. We've been managing market risk as you've seen with us hedging about half of our AFS portfolio since 2019. But our processes have not been as automated as we would like them to be, given the speed at which things can change. And so we said we would take advantage of lessons learned out of Silicon Valley and others in this most recent episode, and that has resulted in us making a number of adjustments in our treasury and core policies that I think will prove to further bolster our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite and then these investments in data and some other areas in addition to the revenue area investments, will also position us to more effectively manage the company on a real-time basis.
Steven Alexopoulos: And will this step the pace of investment? Is that a 2024 story? Or is it a 2024 and beyond story?
Steve Steinour: But we're trying to pull things forward into 2024 as Zach said, and as we think about 2025 and beyond, we'll be back to a more normalized. Again, this is -- this was an electional part, an overall view of trying to take advantage of the environment that we see in 2024 and beyond and position the bank for growth. [indiscernible].
Steven Alexopoulos: Well, it sounds like it's partially opportunistic and partially you need to invest in systems, right? It sounds like that portion of this too?
Steve Steinour: We had multiyear plans that were accelerating. That's choice.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. If I could ask one last question. So I don't know if you can [indiscernible] recently was asked about crossing $100 billion, well, you really don't want to cross organically, right? You dont want to be $101 billion. But you guys had $186 billion today. How do you see this with these proposed changes coming. Do you think you're in a good spot at this asset level? Or do you think you need to boost size and scale to just give what this potentially comes? Thanks.
Steve Steinour: We own the risk at risk management. We're going to maintain this aggregate moderate to low-risk appetite. We've done things well in the past. We'll continue to do them in the future. I think the size of the business is not the only determinant. I think the business model itself is very, very important. Part of the strategy over time is to be deep in certain markets for our consumer and regional bank, giving us brand awareness and other attributes that let us continue to grow the core. And then we've invested selectively in a variety of commercial businesses. Our asset finance, our equipment finance and distribution finance. A number of these businesses that and beyond the specialty businesses that are national in nature, complemented by things that we've added on the payment space last year. The acquisition on the investment banking side, all of which give us more pride and capabilities to [indiscernible] to our customer base. And we're going to continue that. We've alluded to additional talent and capabilities in the near term, and we expect to be in a position to start talking about that. But all of that's in that 4% guidance for you for next year.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Great questions.
Steve Steinour: Thank you. Okay. So we're grateful for you joining us today. I just want to compliment [indiscernible] one more time into this last year, Rich got a retirement I mean at the end of the year. And Rich has just been a terrific leader. We've greatly benefited from their experiences. Rich, you position us well as you've heard on the call. So thank you very much. In closing, we're pleased with the third quarter results as we dynamically manage through this environment. We're bearing what we believe we're very well positioned for times such as leased with strong credit quality, improving capital ratios and robust liquidity and its supported by consistent efforts from about 20,000 colleagues across the bank to deliver these results. We are a team, you know we are disciplined operators and we're executing on our strategy that we outlined last year's Investor Day, and we're driving shareholder value. We're optimistic we're going to continue to do that in the years to come. And as a reminder, we're all aligned, the Board executives and our colleagues, our top 10 shareholder collectively, and we feel they're paying this market pull back. We're very focused on driving consistent strong performance. So thank you for your support and interest in Huntington, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Second Quarter 2023 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington Bancshares. Thank you. You may begin.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone and good morning. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing today can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and a replay will be available starting about 1 hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A. Earnings documents which include our forward-looking statements disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We're pleased to announce our second quarter results which Zach will detail later. Our approach to both our colleagues and customers continues to be grounded in our purpose and served us well in the second quarter. Our colleagues again demonstrated that we make people's lives better, help businesses thrive and strengthen the communities we serve. Now on to Slide 4; these are the key messages we want to highlight today. First, Huntington has a distinguished deposit franchise which continues to benefit from our strategy to acquire and deepen primary bank customer relationships. This has fueled continued deposit growth over the year, including this quarter. Second, we once again drove capital ratios higher with common equity Tier 1 having increased for 4 quarters in a row. We remain on track to build CET1 to the high end of our range by year-end. Third, credit quality which is a hallmark of the company is performing very well and we continue to operate within our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. Fourth, we are dynamically managing through the interest rate environment. We are maintaining disciplined deposit pricing while delivering deposit growth and maintaining a robust liquidity position. Finally, we remain intently focused on executing our strategy. We are investing in the business to drive long-term sustainable revenue growth and we continue to proactively manage the expense base to align with the revenue outlook. Operation accelerate remains on track and we will increase our use of business process outsourcing to drive sustained efficiencies into 2024. Moving on to Slide 5; over the past decade, we've transformed Huntington. This puts us in a position of strength today. This foundation includes our granular and high-quality deposit base which is supported by our leading consumer, business and commercial banking franchises. With this strong foundation in place, we can be nimble and seasonal opportunities to expand our business that will arise during times like these. The hiring of the fund finance team we announced last month is a great example. This business was on our Commercial Banking growth road map and we're pleased to be able to add great talent and welcome these colleagues to Huntington. We are building capital even as we maintain loan growth. We are optimizing the level of new loan growth and remaining judicious for the loans we carry on balance sheet in order to generate the highest return on capital. As a result, capital ratios expanded in the second quarter with our CET1 ratio increasing to 9.82%. Further, our adjusted CET1 ratio is 8.12% above the peer median. Our disciplined approach to risk management drives our strong credit quality with low net charge-offs and the nonperforming asset ratio decreasing for the eighth consecutive quarter. Our management team has a long track record of being disciplined operators with a focus on delivering value for shareholders. This execution has been awarded and recognized across the franchise, including winning the J.D. Power Mobile Award for the fifth year in a row and maintaining our strong number one SBA ranking. Regarding the macro outlook, it remains a dynamic environment; interest rates are playing out in the higher for longer scenario that we had been anticipating for some time. Economic activity in our footprint appears to be holding up relatively well which supports sustained loan growth and solid credit performance. That said, we are diligent watching the environment closely and are actively managing our loan portfolio. We are well prepared to operate through a range of potential scenarios. Further, we are also closely monitoring the potential regulatory adjustments to capital and other requirements. We are evaluating the proposals and thus far, the potential new requirements appear broadly in line with what we had expected. We are well positioned to manage through these changes, address them expediently and over time, offset a meaningful portion of the potential impacts. And finally, before I hand it over to Zach, we want to share that Rich Pohle, our Chief Credit Officer, has announced his upcoming retirement effective at the end of 2023. We've greatly benefited from Rich's expertise and leadership during his nearly 12 years with Huntington. He's been a great leader of our colleagues and a great partner for me and the executive team. We have a strong bench and we're pleased Brendan Lawlor, Deputy Chief Credit Officer, will succeed Rich in this role at the end of the year. Brendan joined us in 2019 after 25-plus years as a Senior Commercial Credit Executive at a large regional bank and is currently responsible for all commercial credit across the bank. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve and good morning, everyone. Slide 6 provides highlights of our second quarter results. We reported GAAP earnings per common share of $0.35. Return on tangible common equity, or ROTCE, came in at 19.9% for the quarter. Further adjusting for AOCI, ROTCE was 15.8%. Deposits grew during the quarter, increasing by $2.7 billion or 1.9% on an end-of-period basis. Loan balances continue to grow as total loans increased by $900 million or 0.8% from the prior quarter. Credit quality remains strong with net charge-offs of 16 basis points and allowance for credit losses of 1.93%. As Steve mentioned, capital increased from the prior quarter. This solid capital position, coupled with our robust credit reserves, puts our CET1 plus ACL loss-absorbing capacity in the top quartile of the peer group. Turning to Slide 7; average loan balances increased 0.8% quarter-over-quarter or 3.1% annualized, driven by commercial loans which increased by $772 million or 1.1% from the prior quarter. Primary components of this commercial growth included distribution finance which increased $464 million; asset Finance increased by $234 million; Business Banking increased by $160 million; Auto floorplan increased by $175 million. Offsetting this growth, CRE balances were lower by $340 million. In Consumer, growth continued to be led by residential mortgage which increased by $438 million; and RV Marine which increased by $112 million. Partially offsetting this growth were lower auto loan balances which declined by $318 million. Turning to Slide 8; as noted, we continued to deliver ending deposit growth in the second quarter. Balances were higher by $2.7 billion, primarily driven by consumer with commercial balances up modestly. On a year-over-year basis, ending deposits increased by $2.6 billion or 1.8%. Turning to Slide 9; we saw sustained growth in deposit balances throughout the second quarter. On a monthly basis, total deposit average balances expanded sequentially for April, May and June, with June 30 ending balances above the June monthly average, providing a strong start point as we enter Q3. Within consumer deposits, we have now seen average balances increase for 7 months in a row. Within Commercial, average monthly deposits were stable over the course of the second quarter. Turning to Slide 10; I want to share more details on our noninterest-bearing deposits. Overall, the $33 billion of these deposits represent 23% of total balances and are well diversified across Consumer, Business and Commercial Banking. The ongoing mix shift we have seen from noninterest-bearing over the past 2 quarters has been in line with our expectations and consistent with what we saw in the last cycle. We expect this mix shift trend to moderate and then stabilize in 2024. This trend is reflected in our total deposit beta guidance. On to Slide 11; for the quarter net interest income decreased by $61 million or 4.3% to $1,357 billion, driven by lower sequential net interest margin. On a year-over-year basis, NII increased $90 million or 7.1%. We continue to benefit significantly from our asset sensitivity and the expansion of margins that has occurred throughout the cycle. Reconciling the change in NIM from the prior quarter, we saw a reduction of 29 basis points on both a GAAP and core basis excluding accretion. During Q2, we maintained an elevated cash balance relative to Q1 which impacted NIM even as it had a relatively minor actual cash economic cost. On a comparative basis, normalizing for cash levels, NIM was 3.17% for the quarter or a 21 basis point decline from the prior quarter. The biggest drivers of the lower NIM quarter-over-quarter were higher funding costs partially offset by increased earning asset yields. We continue to analyze multiple potential interest rate scenarios as we forecast expected trends over the remainder of 2023 and into 2024. The 2 primary scenarios we incorporate include: one which is represented by the forward yield curve and another which assumes rates stay higher for longer and end 2024, approximately 75 basis points higher than the forward. We think this is the most likely range for short-term rates over the next 6 quarters. Based on this range, we anticipate net interest margin of approximately 3% by Q4, plus or minus a few basis points. This would equate to core net interest income on a dollar basis for the fourth quarter to be down approximately 1% to 2% from Q2 levels. As we look out further into 2024, clearly, the trends will depend on both those interest rate scenarios and what is happening with the broader economy and industry factors, including loan demand and deposit growth. That said, our modeling indicates NIM outlooks are stable to rising during 2024 which, coupled with earning asset growth, is expected to drive net interest income dollar expansion as we move through 2024. Turning to Slide 12; cost of deposits moved higher in the quarter to 1.57%. Our cumulative beta through Q2 is 32%, up 7 percentage points from the prior quarter, in line with our expectations and prior guidance. As I mentioned, we continue to expect cumulative deposit beta of approximately 40%. Turning to Slide 13; on the securities portfolio, we saw another step-up in reported yields quarter-over-quarter. We did not reinvest cash flows from securities in the second quarter as we allowed those proceeds to remain in cash given the attractive short-term rates. Cash and securities balances on average increased by $5 billion from the prior quarter as we maintained higher cash levels in the quarter. As of June 30, on an ending basis, cash and securities totaled $52 billion, representing a more normalized level as we go forward into Q3. Turning to Slide 14; our contingent liquidity continues to be robust. Our 2 primary sources of liquidity, cash and borrowing capacity at the FHLB and Federal Reserve represented $11 billion and $77 billion, respectively, at the end of Q2. At quarter end, this pool of available liquidity represented 205% of total uninsured deposits, a peer-leading coverage. Turning to Slide 15; our hedging program is dynamic, continually optimized and well diversified. Our objectives are to protect capital in uprate scenarios and protect NIM in downrate scenarios. During the quarter, we further expanded our Pay Fix swaptions hedge position to protect capital from tail risk in substantive upgrade scenarios. There is a modest upfront premium associated with these swaptions and the hedges result in a mark-to-market each quarter as they're deemed economic hedges. On the subsequent slide, you will see that positive impact during the second quarter on our fee revenues. We also remain focused on our objective of managing NIM to protect the downside and have maintained additional upside NIM opportunity given our asset sensitivity. The interest rate movements in the first few weeks of Q3 have provided opportunities for additional attractive hedging. We have incrementally added modest additional exposures to both our capital protection and NIM protection hedge portfolios and will remain dynamic as we go throughout the quarter if further opportunities arise. Moving on to Slide 16; non-interest income was $495 million for the second quarter. Excluding notable items, fees increased $40 million, including an $18 million benefit from the positive mark-to-market on the pay fix swaptions. Excluding this benefit, underlying fee income would have been $477 million. We saw solid performance in our key areas of strategic focus, including payments and wealth management. Capital markets revenues declined by $2 million from the prior quarter, however, increased by $3 million year-over-year. Clearly, the events of March and the U.S. debt ceiling debate caused a fairly challenging capital markets environment in Q2. However, pipelines remain solid and there are encouraging signs pointing to opportunity in the back half of the year. Moving on to Slide 17; GAAP noninterest expense decreased by $36 million. Adjusted for notable items in the prior quarter, core expenses increased by $6 million, driven by a full quarter effect of annual merit increases and higher marketing spend. We entered the year with a posture of managing core expense growth to a very low level given the economic backdrop. We developed and executed a series of proactive actions to reduce expense run rates, including the voluntary retirement program, organizational alignment and our continued implementation of long-term efficiency programs such as branch optimization and operation accelerate. We continually calibrate the level of expense growth to revenues and we're taking additional actions to further manage the pace of expense growth, even as we remain focused on self-funding investments in our key growth initiatives. We are actively working on the next set of medium-term efficiency opportunities, including business process outsourcing which represents a promising lever for us to continue to deliver a low level expense growth into 2024. Slide 18 recaps our capital position. Common Equity Tier 1 increased to 9.82% and has increased sequentially for 4 quarters. OCI impacts to common equity Tier 1 resulted in an adjusted CET1 ratio of 8.12%. Our tangible common equity ratio, or TCE, increased 3 basis points to 5.80%. Q2 ending cash levels were higher than Q1 end which impacted the TCE ratio by 2 basis points. Adjusting for AOCI, our TCE ratio was 7.45%. Our capital management strategy will result in expanding capital over the course of the year while maintaining our top priority to fund high-return loan growth. We intend to grow CET1 to the very high end of our target operating range of 9% to 10%. Adjusting for AOCI, we expect adjusted CET1 to be in the approximately mid-8s range by year-end. On Slide 19, credit quality continues to perform very well. As mentioned, net charge-offs were 16 basis points for the quarter. This was lower than last quarter by 3 basis points. On a year-over-year basis, charge-offs were up 13 basis points from the prior year's historic low level. Nonperforming assets declined from the previous quarter and have reduced for 8 consecutive quarters. Allowance for credit losses is higher by 3 basis points to 1.93% of total loans. On Slide 20, we continue to be below our target range of net charge-offs through the cycle of 25 to 45 basis points and our ACL coverage ratio is among the highest in our peer group. Let's turn to our 2023 outlook on Slide 21. As I noted, we analyzed multiple potential scenarios to project financial performance and develop management action plans. Our guidance is informed by the interest rate scenarios I discussed previously and the consensus economic outlook. On loans, our outlook is 5% to 6%, consistent with our prior expectations to be near the lower end of our prior range. On deposits, we maintain our outlook of 1% to 3% growth for the full year. Core net interest income ex PAA and PPP is expected to grow between 3% and 5%, inclusive of our expectations for deposit beta and loan growth. Non-interest income on a core full year basis is expected to be down 2% to 4%. This range reflects the results from capital markets we've already seen in Q2 and the assumption of gradual improvement in activities throughout the balance of the year. The remainder of our fee businesses are tracking very well to our prior expectations. On expenses, as noted, we are proactively managing with a posture to keep underlying core expense growth at a very low level and calibrated to revenue growth. For the full year, we expect core underlying expense growth between 1% and 2%, plus the incremental expenses from the full year run rate of Capstone and Torana of approximately $50 million and the 2 basis point increase in 2023 FDIC insurance rates of approximately $30 million. And finally, given the strong results posted during the first half of the year, we now expect full year net charge-offs to be between 20 to 30 basis points. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and move to Q&A. Tim, over to you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley.
Manan Gosalia: I wanted to dig into your comments on NIM being stable to rising in 2024 under the 2 scenarios that you outlined for it. Can you expand on some of the moving parts in there, especially in the higher for longer scenario? I guess, would that put more pressure on NII than the forward curve scenario with higher deposit betas? Or do I have that wrong?
Zach Wasserman: Manan, this is Zach. I'll take that one and thanks for the question. I think the outlook that we're seeing is really consistent with both of those scenarios. So I think -- in the higher per longer scenario that's sort of the top end of that general range, would benefit from asset sensitivity, asset yields would continue to rise, likely there would be a continuation in kind of an extending [indiscernible] the liability pricing cycle. But none of those 2 things, we continue to expect to actually be higher overall NIM, given the asset sensitivity and very consistent with what we've discussed over time. At the lower end of the scenario, you see the kind of the faster [indiscernible] deposit pricing cycle but also some less increase in asset pricing and we [indiscernible]; for the NIM but albeit maybe a few basis points lower than that. So generally, higher rates for us continue to corroborate to hire them. I would note as well that during the course of 2024, we will benefit from the shifting from a negative carry on our downrate hedging program to much more neutral position by the end of the year. So that will be a support for NIM trajectory throughout the course of '24.
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And then separately, just on regulation overall, I know you noted that the new requirements seem to broadly coming in, in line with expectations. But maybe if you can dig into how you're managing ahead of that. I know you're keeping you're building capital levels from here. You're holding a high level of cash instead of reinvesting in securities. So maybe can you expand on where you expect regulation to go, especially as it relates to the AOCI opt-out as well as LCR.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. As you know, we are trying to be planful anticipatory of where we think things are going and manage it headed. And I think at the most macro level, we do think we'll be able to relatively expediently address these potential new regulations. And frankly, over time, offset a lot of what otherwise the potential impact on them. But digging in specifically, it's our working assumption that the tailoring exclusion of AOCI, not [indiscernible] will likely be removed. And hence, it's our plan to see to manage capital hire to CET1 inclusive of AOCI higher in the guidance we indicated in the mid-8s range by the end of 2023. And if we continue on with the same operating posture to 2024, we would expect that ratio to approach 9% essentially get to 9% by the end of 2024; so back to essentially the low end of our operating range on that basis. We're also actively looking at the Basel III potential new RWA changes. As you know well, there are 3 big changes in there. The fundamental review of the trading book, we think that's going to essentially material for Huntington given our business mix. There's operational risk requirements which likely will be increasing RWA, they're largely key-off of fee income. We see a slightly higher aridity from that. However, offsetting that, will be credit risk RWAs which are more new ones, more fine-tuned and on-net are lower, we believe, for Huntington. Still early days and we have more analysis to go away. We see offsetting factors there unclear whether there will be a net impact from that but generally relatively offsetting. As it relates to other regulatory focuses like liquidity like potential long-term debt. Likewise, we're monitoring and we think we can -- those impacts will be relatively small over time. Happy to double click on that and any further questions for folks want.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt O'Connor: We're seeing from some of your peers is a pullback in lending as they look to build capital and alleviate some funding pressure. On the flip side, obviously, you've got very strong capital, strong liquidity as you highlighted, high reserves. I'm just wondering how you're thinking about how you can play offset and maybe to even pull back by some of your peers?
Zach Wasserman: It's a great question, Matt and it's something that we really have to look at because we are in a position of strength. We want to really seize the opportunities to win new clients in a great business. It's in times like this that companies when they operate [indiscernible] can being meaningfully during market share and we're cognizant of that. We're balancing that clearly with 2 factors: One, the desire to not only grow loans but to also drive capital or as I just noted in the prior question. So we're actively modulating loan growth, bringing it down from a 10% run rate year-over-year level to 5% in Q1, 3% in Q2. I think will be more like 1% probably the back half of the year. We're also very much looking at how we can potentially optimize the balance sheet and drive higher returns out of the assets that we do have. With that being said, we are on our front foot. You saw us hire the fund for the EMS team which will be a great new business line for us, brings liquidity, great customer quality there. And we are continuing to look finding pockets of strong growth, even as we optimize for the highest returns for the year at the margin. So very much on the front book. And to your point, there are back opportunities that we'll see some [indiscernible].
Matt O'Connor: And then, I guess just following up on the lending side. I mean everything we can track, it seems like auto spreads are at or near highs [indiscernible] commercial spread of widen. So why isn't there a leaning into this? Or is it just that the demand is not there at this point?
Zach Wasserman: Look, I think there are continues to be pockets of demand and great clients. And we've got a very strong set of workforce supporting as well. And to your point, the yields are strong. With that being said, clearly, the deposit costs are also rising and funding costs are also rising. So we're balancing those things in the way we think is prudent. Driving higher yields, I would say, really feel encouraged by what we're seeing on the asset yield side. The long-durated asset categories like mortgage and auto really benefiting between 10 bps and 20 bps on the portfolio. And I expect that to continue for some time to come really sustaining that 2024 beyond NIM that we were talking about in the previous question, even as again, we optimize to also allow capital to us.
Steve Steinour: Matt, this is Steve. I think it's fair to say we're being a little cautious until we know the outcome of the regulatory suggested reforms as well. There's more opportunity. I think that we will avail ourselves once we know what the rules are and the positions that we need to have going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to -- so at the commentary you gave about the NIM getting down to about 3% by the fourth quarter is helpful. I'd imagine once we move beyond that, because it sounds like most of the mix shift out of noninterest-bearing will be done, it's really going to be that incremental NIM that's going to decide where we go from there. What is the spot NIM today, right, incremental loans, incremental deposits? Just how does that compare to that 3% level?
Zach Wasserman: It's still higher than that. I think, again, I'd point you to for the quarter adjusted for cash levels that we're kind of running at now in the third quarter, the second quarter was around 3.17%. And so what we're seeing at the margin is continued modest decline in them here through the course of the balance of this year from that 3.17% normalized Q2 run rate down to the 3% by the end of the year. And I agree with your point which is as you get into the early part of next year, a lot of the kind of major trends starting to stabilize and it's really not incremental fundamental what the underlying is. Likely, there will be some potential continued trends in the very early part of '24 but I agree with your point. I would also note that for us during the quarter, the reduction in the negative carrier from hedges will incrementally help obviously do the course of the year again.
Steven Alexopoulos: Right for some tailwinds there, okay. And then for Steve, so the equity market seems to be coming around to this possibility of the soft landing. I'm curious, when you talk to your customers, what are you hearing? Are they coming around to the soft landing and maybe a little more optimistic what are you hearing.
Steve Steinour: Steve, I would say our customers generally are having a good year and expect to close out with the good year. They're working their margins through expenses but inflation seems to be a big and the supply chain is in better shape. Clearer line sites to this half and they're optimistic about '24 and beyond generally. So this would suggest at worst-case soft landing and potentially the ability to avoid a recession. In the Midwest, particularly our footprint, we still have a lot of economic activity, announcements of investments, targeted growth. So we're in a good position relative to some of the other regions and we have significant activity going on that I think we'll see particularly here in Ohio through the course of this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Just wanted to go -- spend some time on the expense outlook. I think you've done a lot of work year-to-date, the project actual rate that you talk about. In fact, I think you said the goal is to keep expense growth low for next year. Maybe give us a sense of the size of the BPO opportunity that you talked about? And how do you think about positive operating leverage going into next year given NII growth will likely be down. What's around that?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great question, Ebrahim. Thanks. So maybe framing the overall [indiscernible] is very much to keep operating expenses at a very low level, not only this year but next year. We've been trying to be very proactive and setting up those programs and can implement them effectively and have to build over time. On the BPO opportunity, this is something that we have leveraged over time for a while and continually looking at from a strategic perspective, what functions that we really believe must be owned or the critical value for the real by Huntington versus those that we can benefit from the scale capabilities of partnering [ph]. The more we need in to analyze that, the more we're encouraged there are incremental opportunities. Relatively modest in terms of size this year but building over time. And I think really part of the portfolio of efficiency programs that will support that low level of '24 and frankly, to continue to build into '25 and beyond also. So it's encouraging to get part of the portfolio of programs with something that we're incrementally leading in now to be able to accelerate the benefits of. On positive operating leverage, as we've said a lot, it's a core tenet of our operating plans, one of the 3 major financial targets we set for ourselves, it's something we take very seriously. Of course, we're managing the company for the medium term to really generate value and want to make sure that we're not doing anything in the short term that we've damaged that long-term growth trajectory. Too early to say what '24 will look like. I think you'll clearly have a grow over on revenue that will pressure revenue growth but we're also very encouraged with the opportunity to keep expense growth low. So not going to give guidance at this moment. I still think it's within the major reason that we're going to drive order.
Steve Steinour: Ebrahim, if I could add, this is Steve. The team is also working on a longer-term project operation accelerate. We shared that at the Investor Day. It's changing procedures and digitizing substantially the front to back side of the bank, that is going very well. It's on track. It was multiyear and that will help us with both efficiencies and customer set. So we've Zach has got us focused on consolidated 3 branches. We did a voluntary retirement program. We've done some restructuring and segments and some of the business units and support units during the course of the year. What he's referencing now with BPL is additive to a very healthy level of focus and activity on the expense management side so far this year.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Understood. And any updated thoughts? Steve, you talked about building capital but at the same time, you've talked about fee revenue opportunities, doing some targeted M&A like you've done in the past. Any thoughts there? Is the opportunity set attractive for you to do anything?
Steve Steinour: Well, our focus, as you know, is always to grow the core of the business. We've got a lot of opportunity to do that in front of us. And as the regulatory expectations around capital and liquidity, et cetera, get established, I think we're going to be in a very strong position to [indiscernible] that in an even more robust fashion. We're trying to get positioned for that now. the outlet, as you saw last year, there are a few businesses that were attractive. I suspect we'll find some additional ones at some point in the future. But we believe we've got a lot of opportunity at hand. There's nothing pressing in terms of pushing or needing to push for M&A now. And so we're very, very focused on driving the core.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler.
Scott Siefers: Steve or Zach, kind of conceptually, maybe when you think about the 40% cumm-beta [ph], maybe just a thought or two on the major puts and takes when you think about that being the right number for you all. You guys are in a very competitive market but I think it's clear within like the last month or so, especially that the deposit flows are there. So, I guess I'm just curious what you're seeing in terms of competitive dynamics? What sort of makes that the right number to land on it?
Zach Wasserman: This is Zach, I'll take that one. We -- all of the trends and forecasts that we're creating and as I noted in the prepared remarks, pretty rigorous multiple scenarios underlying that continue to corroborate that. So we feel like it's a good forecast. As always -- I always know the best forecast we've got, we'll share an update on if ever that pass. But our focus has been pretty stable around that level for a while now and the kind of underlying monthly trends continue to cooperate. But just double-clicking into the drivers, I would say, one, we're seeing continued modest rise in deposit costs but at a decelerating rate just like you would expect it to be -- we saw a beta trend by 8% in Q1, 7% in Q2. It will be less than that we go to Q3, clearly and then kind of topping out into Q4. So that's why we're just sort of seeing a declining trend all be increasing. The other thing is the mix shift from noninterest-bearing into interest-bearing is occurring fairly well like we would expect it to in the cycle and that lifeline is decelerating. And most of that mix shift has happened at this point. And we're already going to see the signs of that again kind of buildup and corroborate to that 40%. On the competition side, it's a competitive environment. But to your point, the deposits are there. And I think it's what's encouraging is it's very rational. And I think that given decelerating loan growth throughout the industry and for us, that's the kind of escape valve and pressure which is allowing us to manage pretty well here according to our plan. So overall, still in the right forecast.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS.
Erika Najarian: My first question is actually a clarification one, your 40% to the data, the unfold deposits, correct?
Zach Wasserman: That's correct.
Erika Najarian: Yes. Because a lot of your peers gave it on interest-bearing. So I just wanted to make sure that just touted that one, Scott was asking that question. And my real question is, I think the market really close sort of the expansion of the net interest income outlook. Could you tell us about how you're thinking about the elasticity of deposit license on the way down? I think to your point earlier, Zach, there are a lot of investors that are thinking about where you cut for next year. And they're wondering how much power do banks have price down if rates stay at a relatively high level versus what we've seen in a while?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, terrific questions. Also in soft topics, it's got lots of mind share just as vigorously as we anticipated on the way up on the just as our growth on the way down. So very much planning watching. I think it will clearly be a function of what segments you're in, what segment you're looking at. On the commercial side, where betas are generally higher and stone bespoke and prior agreement between us and our clients on how we'll trend that will likewise trend low. I think we're pretty confident will drive that as a very similar measure to the way it went up. I think -- many of the other very rational price segments like that in the middle market and business banking will likewise trend down pretty fast as rates decline. Again, in some of the categories in which we've been growing in consumer, there are some time dimensions to them which we'll have to manage at those times to lapse. But again, the playbook there is well trod and I think you feel quite good about the ability to bring that down. The overall last on the consumer side will clearly be a function of what's going on in the economy at that point and the outlook for a forward at that point but of the playbooks in history would tend to grow our ability to do that pretty well.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And just as a follow-up to that, if I may. You're holding a lot of cash. And obviously, there's not a lot of motivation to deploy that. Again, as we think about next year in the same scenario, you're still going to be earning a lot of your cash on your cash flow 0% risk weight if the Fed moderately. And I guess outside of better loan growth, Zach, what would be the factors for you to normalize, start normalizing that cash to a level that's more appropriate? Or do you feel like with all the liquidity rolls down the pipe, you might as well just hold it there for now since you're getting paid for it anyway?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I think that the level that we're running at for cash right now is sort of around $8 billion to $9 billion is the right level for the company given the liquidity requirements. So I think we're generally at where we think is the right level. Always tuning at the margin for how we're incrementally funding and kind of tuning the short-term FHLB borrowings at the cash level. But I think for the most part, that cash level is right sized right now. I think within the securities portfolio broadly, we'll continue to see the trend of moderately lower duration sequentially as we've been doing, frankly, the last 3 quarters in a row; and just continuing to preference liquidity.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Is that just a follow-up on your NII '24 comments. And if you talked about earning asset growth. I'm just wondering if your balance sheet has been elevated this quarter a good amount. And I guess are you expecting as you look out further that deposit growth will continue to carry the overall balance sheet side forward? And kind of, I guess, how do you think about the wholesale funding part of the equation as a balancing act on that?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, terrific question. Broadly speaking, the answer is yes. So I believe that we will rate loan growth in line with deposit growth for the most parts. And I think that's what we'll see here in the back half of this year. That's my expectation what the trend is to 2024 as well. I tend to see a pretty stable but slightly lower the loan-to-deposit ratio here over the next couple of quarters. And just fundamentally match funding making sure we can one of those fundamental underlying factors that allows us to manage the deposit beta and the marginal margin that we're getting up on the loan as I noted earlier. So it's an important dynamic. The good thing and I think we've talked about this in the past, is that we are coming to this cycle and we're now operating, let's say, in 3 quarters of the innings and a pretty favorable position where we saw really attractive loan opportunities, we could, in fact, fund them with noncustomer sources of funding and increase loan-to-deposit ratio but as not the default position for now. I think we're now, I think, getting loans and deposits growing at a pretty similar rate. It's quite healthy and a good balance for us.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And a follow-up, can you try to help us understand how the benefits from the security swaps look this quarter? And then as you go forward into next year, just your loan hedges, does that become a part of the benefit next year in terms of getting that NII starting to move the right way?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, it does. Great question, Ken. Let me elaborate on that. So up through the only part of Q3, inclusive of activities we've done in the first few weeks of this quarter, we've got around $29 billion of downgrade hedge protection through -- received fixed swaps it's around $21 billion, $22 billion. We've got some floor spreads which pay off under downgrade scenarios and then a portfolio of collars which will the option to enter into received fixed swaps in the future. And likely will, if rates continue to trend generally what they're expected to. So it's a pretty powerful portfolio that both extent now and even more than will be extent over the coming 6 to 12 months as we enter into those color-based RSG fixed loss. The impact, obviously, I mean, the challenge in hedging right now is that with an inverted yield curve and by me, with a fairly steep decline already forecasted, you've got some pretty dire downgrade scenarios to convince yourself that makes sense to incrementally entree things right now, given that they carry right now. What we are experiencing in the P&L at this moment is about 15 basis points of negative NIM drag from the receipt fix that we're already in. And that will go into essentially 0 by the end of 2024, if you follow out the forward yield curve scenarios. So that's 15 basis points of tailwind which we should see between now and the end of '24, fairly ratable clawback throughout that period.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Jon Arfstrom: A couple of credit questions. First of all, congratulations -- congratulations, Rich, on your retirement. Done a great job and I've enjoyed your perspective on these calls. Commercial real estate and consumer question. So on commercial real estate, how far ahead can you guys look in terms of identifying future issues? I know it's been a focus for you guys to tighten things up. But curious what you're doing now and it obviously looks very clean but you have a fair amount of reserves allocated to the business and that's kind of why I ask.
Rich Pohle: Yes. We're looking -- we're focused primarily right now on the 2023 and 2024 impacts. And it's really hard to look much further beyond that. So we're doing quarterly portfolio reviews in office. We're touching the real estate book every month. I think we've probably gone through 90% of the loans over $5 million in that book at this point. But the focus is on '23 and '24 and managing what we can control and that really relates to the maturities. And then particularly with respect to office, the lease rollovers that might be impacting cash flow in this year and next. So that's the primary focus. Beyond that, it's tough. You mentioned the 9% reserve. We've got against softness. We've got a 3.4% reserve against overall prebook. We feel for what we know right now, both of those are adequate and we'll continue to look at those on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Steve Steinour: Jon, Rich is also with the team getting long rebalanced wherever there appear to be issues that are proactive efforts to try to get those addressed paydowns [indiscernible]; almost of the efforts -- the primary focus is '23 '24. But there's also a long view full view of the portfolio over the next decade and other related issues, all of which are -- we're actively managing. We've been doing that for over a year and trying to stay well ahead of any issues may occur at this point to put in really good shape.
Jon Arfstrom: It seems that way. Okay. And then on consumer, I look at this every quarter, just your nonaccruals and charge-offs and it's just kind of -- it's nothing really. Maybe it goes to the soft landing comments but you look at RV marine consumer categories, delinquencies really haven't budged. Are you seeing anything in consumer health that bothers you at all because it's just -- these numbers are really, really good.
Rich Pohle: No, the numbers are really good. And I think it goes to the client selection and just the focus that we've got on prime and super prime. If you look across the entire consumer spectrum. There's really nothing in there that would lead you to believe that we're going to have anything more than just a gradual return what might be more normalized levels of charge-offs. Because right now, to your point, they're running extremely low. The only area that I would point out that's a little bit relatively higher stress than the rest of the book is and that's because of the floating rate nature of that portfolio. So it's going to lead to a little higher level of delinquencies than you might see across the book but the analysis that we've done from a vintage standpoint, on that book show that we're in the 55% to 60% loan-to-value range. So even though we might see higher levels of delinquency. We don't think the losses will follow.
Steve Steinour: Housing markets are generally tight where we are, John. So if someone has -- and unemployment is very low. So if someone has an issue, the best resolution is to sell a property, unlike what we might have seen in '08, '09 or prior [indiscernible]. Just to give Rich a little credit here and recognition. We've been at an effort to outperform our peers for over a decade with this aggregate moderate to low risk profile and he's been very, very disciplined about that. And we expect to outperform through the cycle. We've been sharing that all along. At this point, really, really good in that regard and a tribute to all my comments especially Rich and his leadership.
Jon Arfstrom: Yes, I agree. Steve, I was thinking you could give them a fishing boat or an RV out of the foreclosure pull there's anything to give.
Steve Steinour: We just don't have any other assets. On my lunch at some at posters. We pull those out.
Jon Arfstrom: Just to clean up for you, Zach. The $60 million to $50 million on the Capstone, Torana. What drove that? I know it's small $10 million but what happened there?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. And Julie, that's reflective of -- the cost that we see in that previous $60 million was mainly Capstone and has a factor of production and revenues that flow through into compensation expense. And so when capital markets revenues were a bit softer in the second quarter, our outlook somewhat lower than was originally budgeted into the back half of the year, so proud which is less flow through into less cost. That's basically it.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. And then the $30 million FDIC, that's all in the third quarter. Is that correct?
Zach Wasserman: So let me clarify that it's really important one. That FDIC expense that we talked about in that guidance is the 2 basis points higher assessment that is being assessed across the industry and that was known late last year and it's coming through every quarter. It's not the special assessment that's still being discussed.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Steinour for any final comments.
Steve Steinour: Well, thank you very much for joining us today. We're very pleased with the second quarter results as we dynamically manage through this unique environment. As you heard, we're very well positioned for times such as these with strong credit quality, improving capital ratios and robust liquidity. The deposit, both in particular in strangler nature has served us very, very well as head of our efforts to provide customer service and generate great satisfaction over the years. And we have a team of disciplined operators and we are executing our strategy that we outlined last year at our Investor Day which provides are driving value for our shareholders. And just as a reminder, the Board of Executives and our colleagues were all top 10 shareholders collectively. So that reflects a strong alignment with our shareholders and I think you're seeing the benefits of that through our results. So thank you for your support and interest in Huntington and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-20 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares' 2023 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  I would now let's turn the conference over to our host, Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin.
Tim Sedabres : Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone and good morning. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing today can be found in the Investor Relations section of our website www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded, and a replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call.  Our presenters today, are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer will join us for the Q&A. Earnings documents which include our forward-looking statements disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available on the Investor Relations section of our website.  With that, let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour : Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We're pleased to announce our first quarter results which Zach will detail later.  Huntington is very well positioned. We operate a diversified franchise with disciplined risk management. Our approach to both our colleagues and customers is grounded in our purpose, to make people's lives better, help businesses thrive and strengthen the communities we serve. And during times like these, Huntington's purpose is evident in how we look out for each other and serve as a source of strength for our customers and communities.  Now onto Slide 4. These are the key messages I want to highlight to you. First, we have one of the strongest deposit franchises of any regional bank. We have a diversified base of primary bank customer relationships, which has been built over many years supported by our fairplay philosophy. We also have the leading percentage of insured deposits as of year-end.  Second, we maintain a robust liquidity position consistent with our longstanding approach to conservative risk management practices. Third, our capital base is solid and building. Common equity tier one has increased for three quarters in a row, and we intend to continue to build to the high end of our range. Fourth, our credit reserves our top tier. Credit quality continues to perform exceptionally well and remains a hallmark of our disciplined credit management. Fifth, we are dynamically managing through the current environment, bolstering capital and liquidity. We're also incrementally optimizing the balance sheet and loan growth while continuing to proactively manage the expense base. Finally, we are well positioned operate through uncertainty with a focus on our long-term strategy and our commitment to top quartile returns.  I believe Huntington is built to thrive during times like this, and ultimately to benefit and to capture opportunities as they arise. Moments of market disruption present opportunities to take market share, to win new customers and to hire great talent. We are confident in our strategy and strong position. Moving on to Slide 5, we entered this period of disruption in the best position the company has been since I've joined over a dozen years ago. The reputation our colleagues have created a best-in-class customer service, results in customer confidence and trust in us. The 2023 JD Power award for Customer Satisfaction reflects our colleagues' efforts. Grounded in our fairplay philosophy, we continue to acquire and deepen primary bank relationships, resulting in our granular and diversified deposit base. For many years, we focused on gathering deposits that are sticky operating accounts, and proactively placed larger deposits off balance sheet. We continue to invest across the franchise to drive deposit growth. We are also incrementally optimizing loan growth to generate the highest returns and ensure the capital we deploy is put to the highest and best use. And we remain focused on delivering the revenue synergies we previously shared, accelerating the growth of our fee businesses and deepening our customer relationships.  In regards to capital CET1 increased 19 basis points from the prior quarter to 9.55%. And we plan to build capital to the high end of our range over the course of 2023. Our credit reserves are top tier in the peer group at 1.9%. We will continue to be proactive in our expense management. In the first quarter, we completed a number of actions to support our ongoing efficiency programs such as the 31 branch consolidations, the voluntary retirement program, and our organizational realignment with reductions in personnel. And in addition to operation accelerate, we have a roadmap to deliver continued efficiencies going forward.  Importantly, risk management is embedded within all our business lines. At Huntington, everyone owns risk, and we continue to operate within our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. Finally, I want to reiterate, Huntington is built for times like this. We have a strong well diversified franchise with a distinctive brand and loyal customers.  Our high-quality deposit base, robust liquidity, and solid credit metrics are the direct result of focused and disciplined execution over many years. We have an experienced management team supported by highly engaged colleagues executing on our strategy. And as you know, management is collectively a top 10 shareholder. And we are fully committed to driving top tier performance and growing shareholder value.  Zach over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman : Thanks, Steve. And good morning, everyone. Slide 6 provides highlights of our first quarter results. We reported GAAP earnings per common share of $0.39, and adjusted EPS of $0.38. Return on tangible common equity, or ROTCE came in at 23.1% for the quarter, adjusted for notable items. ROTCE was 22.7%. Further adjusting for AOCI, ROTCE was 17.8%. Pre-provision net revenue expanded 41% year-over-year to $844 million.  Loan balances continued to grow, as total loans increased by $1.5 billion from the prior quarter. Liquidity coverage remains robust, with over $60 billion of available liquidity representing a peer leading coverage of uninsured deposits of 136%. Credit quality remains strong, with a net charge-offs of 19 basis points and allowance for credit losses of 1.9%. Turning to Slide 7. Average loan balances increased 1.3% quarter-over-quarter driven by commercial loans, which increased by $1.5 billion, or 2.2% from the prior quarter. Primary components of this commercial growth included distribution finance, which increased $800 million tied to continued normalization of dealer inventory levels, as well as seasonality, with shipments of spring equipment arriving to dealers. Corporate and specialty banking increased $242 million, primarily driven by growth in mid-corp, healthcare and tech and telecom. Other assets financed businesses contributed growth of $216 million. Auto floorplan continued normalization, with balances higher by $214 million. Business banking also increased $92 million.  In consumer, growth continued to be led by residential mortgage which increased by $316 million. Partially offsetting this growth were home equity balances, which declined by $159 million. All other categories including RV Marine and auto declined by a collective $123 million. Turning to Slide 8. We continued to deliver average deposit growth in the first quarter. Balances were higher by $472 million, primarily driven by consumer, which more than offset lower commercial balances. On a year-over-year basis, average deposits increased by $3.2 billion or 2.3%. Turning to Slide 9. I want to share more details behind Huntington's deposit franchise. Our deposit base represents a leading percentage of insured deposits at 69% as of Q1. Our deposit base is highly diversified with consumer deposits representing over half of our total deposits and the average consumer balance being $11,000. Turning to Slide 10. Complementing our diversified deposit base is the stability and growth of our deposits over time. During last year, we consistently delivered deposit growth well above peer levels despite the backdrop of rising rates and quantitative tightening. Through year-end 2022, cumulative deposit growth was 2.4%, nearly 6 percentage points better than the peer median. Over the course of Q1, monthly average deposit balances were stable at approximately $146 billion.  Within consumer deposits, balances have increased for four months in a row. Total commercial balances were modestly lower, consistent with expected seasonality. During March, in addition to seasonality, commercial customers also incrementally utilized our off-balance sheet liquidity solutions. Turning to Slide 11. We have a sophisticated approach to customer liquidity management that comprises both on balance sheet deposit products as well as off-balance sheet alternatives. Over the past four years, we have invested substantially to build out these solutions to ensure we're managing our customers' overall liquidity needs. The enhanced liquidity solutions allow us to manage the full customer relationship with primary bank and operating deposits on balance sheet and utilizing our off-balance sheet solutions for investment or non-operational funds. Over the course of 2020 and 2021, we intentionally leveraged these off-balance sheet solutions in order to support our customers' excess liquidity. This resulted in fewer surge deposits coming on sheet as well as less commercial deposit runoff during 2022 compared to the industry.  On a year-over-year basis, our Commercial Banking segment on balance sheet deposits increased 11% and our off-balance sheet liquidity balances increased 54%. During March, this approach yet again showed its value for both Huntington and our customers. We saw customers moving a modest amount of deposit balances into treasuries and other products, while we were able to maintain those primary operating accounts on our balance sheet. Of the total change in Commercial segment deposit balances between March 6 and the end of Q1, we estimate that approximately half the delta was attributable to normal seasonality, and the remainder was mainly the result of shifts into our off-balance sheet solutions.  The bottom table highlights these movements as well as trends in the first two weeks of April. On-balance sheet deposits have returned to the March 6 level and off-balance sheet continues to grow. Turning to Slide 12. Our liquidity capacity is robust. Our two primary sources of liquidity, cash and borrowing capacity at the FHLB and Federal Reserve represented $10 billion and $51 billion, respectively, at the end of Q1. As part of our ongoing liquidity management, we continually seek to maximize contingent borrowing capacity. And as of April 14, our total cash and available borrowing capacity increased to $65 billion. At quarter-end, this pool of available liquidity represented 136% of total uninsured deposits, a peer leading coverage. On to Slide 13. For the quarter, net interest income decreased by $53 million or 4% to $1.418 billion driven by lower day count and lower net interest margin. Year-over-year, NII increased $264 million or 23%. Net interest margin decreased 12 basis points on a GAAP basis from the prior quarter and decreased 11 basis points on a core basis, excluding accretion. The reduction in GAAP NIM included 5 basis points from lower spreads, net of free funds, due to funding mix and marginally accelerated interest costs. It also included 5 basis points from the first substantive negative carry impact from our long-term downrate NIM hedging program and 3 basis points from higher cash levels. Slide 14 highlights our ongoing disciplined management of deposit costs and funding. For the current cycle to date, our beta on total cost of deposits was 25%. As we've noted, we expect deposit rates to continue to trend higher from here over the course of the rate cycle. Given the recent market environment, at the margin, we do expect a steeper near term trajectory. Turning to Slide 15. Our hedging program is dynamic, continually optimized and well diversified. Our objectives are to protect capital in up-rate scenarios and to protect NIM in down-rate scenarios. During the first quarter, we added to the hedge portfolio with both of these objectives in mind. On the capital protection front, we added $1.6 billion in additional pay fixed swaps and $1.5 billion in forward starting pay fixed swaptions. Throughout the quarter, we were deliberate in managing the balance sheet to benefit from asset sensitivity. We also incrementally added to our hedge position to manage possible downside rate risks over the longer term as well as took actions to optimize the near-term cost of the program.  During the quarter, we executed a net $400 million of received fixed swaps, terminated $4.9 billion of swaps and entered into $5 billion of floor spreads. As we've noted before, our intention is to manage NIM in as tight a corridor as possible as we protect the downside and maintain upside potential if rates stay higher for longer. Turning to Slide 16. On the securities portfolio, we saw another step up in reported yields quarter-over-quarter. We benefited from higher reinvestment yields as well as our hedges to protect capital. From a portfolio strategy perspective, we expect to continue to add to the allocation of shorter duration exposures to benefit from the inverted yield curve and further enhance the liquidity profile of the portfolio. You will note that fair value marks at the end of March were lower than year-end, both in the AFS and HTM portfolios, as market interest rates moved lower sequentially. Importantly, we have also shown the $700 million total positive fair value mark from our pay fixed hedges, which are intended to protect capital. Moving on to Slide 17. Non-interest income was $512 million, up $13 million from last quarter. These results include the $57 million gain on the sale of our retirement plan services business during the quarter. Excluding that gain, adjusted non-interest income was $455 million. This result was somewhat lower than the guidance we provided in early March, driven by lower capital markets revenues given the disruptions at the end of Q1.  The first quarter is generally a seasonal low for fee revenues. As we've noted previously, we see Q1, excluding the RPS sale, being the low point and for fees to grow over the course of the year, driven by solid underlying performance in our key areas of strategic focus capital markets, payments and wealth management. Moving on to Slide 18. GAAP noninterest expense increased by $9 million. Adjusted for notable items, core expenses decreased by $18 million, driven by lower personnel expense, primarily as a result of reduced incentives and revenue driven compensation. We're proactively managing expenses and have taken actions over the last several quarters to orient to a low level of expense growth in order to deliver positive operating leverage and self-fund strategic investments. Slide 19 recaps our capital position. Common equity Tier 1 increased to 9.55% and has increased sequentially for three quarters. OCI impacts to common equity Tier 1 resulted in an adjusted CET1 ratio of 7.6%. As a reminder, the reported regulatory capital framework does not include OCI impacts in the capital calculation. Our tangible common equity ratio, or TCE, increased 22 basis points to 5.7%. Note that we were holding higher cash balances at the end of Q1, which reduced the TCE ratio by 13 basis points. Adjusting for AOCI, our TCE ratio was 7.27%. Tangible book value per share increased by 7% from the prior quarter to $7.32. Adjusting for AOCI, tangible book value increased to $9.23, and has increased for the past four quarters. Our capital management strategy for the balance of 2023 will result in expanding capital over the course of the year, while maintaining our top priority to fund high-return loan growth. We intend to grow CET1 to the top end of our 9% to 10% operating range by the end of the year. We believe this is a prudent approach given the dynamic environment.  Based on our expectation for continued loan growth, we do not expect to utilize the share repurchase program during 2023. Turning to Slide 20. Our capital plus reserves is top quartile in the peer group and gives us substantial total loss absorption capacity. On Slide 21, credit quality continues to perform very well. As mentioned, net charge-offs were 19 basis points for the quarter. This was higher than last quarter by 2 basis points and up 12 basis points from the prior year as charge-offs continue to normalize.  Non-performing assets declined from the previous quarter and have reduced for seven consecutive quarters. Allowance for credit losses was flat at 1.9% of total loans. Turning to Slide 22. We have provided incremental disclosures on our commercial real estate balances. This portfolio is well diversified and at 14% of total loans is in line with the peer group with no outsized exposures. The majority of the property types are multifamily and industrial. Over the last two years, we have grown our CRE book at a slower pace relative to the industry and peers. We remain conservative in our credit approach to CRE with rigorous client selection. Total office CRE comprises less than 2% of total loans, and the majority are suburban and multi-tenant properties. Reserve coverage on our total CRE portfolio is 3% and the office portfolio is 8%. Let's turn to our 2023 outlook on Slide 23. As we have discussed, we analyze multiple potential economic scenarios to project financial performance and develop management action plans. We also remain dynamic in the current environment as we execute on our strategies. Our guidance is anchored on a baseline scenario that is informed by the consensus economic outlook. We have also based our guidance on a range of interest rate scenarios, bounded on the low end using the forward curve as of the end of March to one at the higher end, where rates are higher for longer with Fed funds remaining at approximately today's level over the rest of the year.  On loans, our outlook range continues to be growth between 5% and 7% on an average basis. And as before, we expect this growth to be led by commercial with more modest growth in consumer. As we entered the year, we were trending to the middle to higher portion of that growth range. Given the market disruption and our incremental focus on optimizing loan growth for the highest returns on capital, we now expect to be in the lower half to midpoint of this range. On deposits, we are guided by our core strategy of acquiring and deepening primary bank relationships. We're narrowing our outlook with a slightly lower top end of the range and still expect to grow average deposits between 1% and 3%. However, the composition of deposit growth from here, we now expect to be primarily consumer-led with relatively less commercial growth. Net interest income is now expected to increase between 6% and 9%. This is driven by slightly lower loan growth and marginally higher funding costs. Non-interest income on a core full year basis is expected to be flat to down 2%. The updated guidance reflects modestly lower expected growth in capital markets fees and includes the go-forward impact of the RPS business sale. As noted, we expect Q1 to be the low point for fees, growing over the course of the year, led by capital markets, payments and Wealth Management. On expenses, we are proactively managing with a posture to keep underlying core expense growth at a very low level. We're benefiting from our ongoing efficiency initiatives, such as Operation Accelerate, branch optimization, the voluntary retirement program and the organizational realignment, providing the capacity to self-fund sustained investment in our key growth initiatives. Given a somewhat lower revenue outlook, we are taking actions to incrementally reduce the expense growth in 2023. For the full year, we now expect core expense growth between 1% and 3%, plus the incremental expenses from the full year run-rate of Capstone and Torana and the increased FDIC insurance expense.  Overall, our low expense growth, coupled with expanded revenues, is expected to support another year of positive operating leverage. We continue to expect net charge-offs will be on the low end of our long-term through-the-cycle range of 25 to 45 basis points. Finally, turning to Slide 24. As you heard from Steve, the foundation we have built at Huntington over the last decade has created an institution that is well prepared for this environment. We will leverage the strength of our deposit base. We're focused on growing capital and maintaining robust liquidity. We remain disciplined in our credit posture, and we're executing our core strategy.  The work we have done to build the franchise positions Huntington to outperform and be ready to opportunistically seize on pockets of growth. We will remain disciplined and dynamic in our management approach as we continue to generate long-term value for our shareholders. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and move to Q&A. Tim, over to you.
Tim Sedabres : Thanks, Zach. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy of peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And at this time, we will conduct our question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question. 
Manan Gosalia : Hey, good morning. 
Tim Sedabres : Good morning, Manan. 
Manan Gosalia : As I look through your deposit flows for the quarter, you've clearly done better than peers, whether it's on total deposits or even just non-interest-bearing deposits. Can you break out what you saw in the background? Was there a lot of movement with new accounts coming in and some of those existing commercial clients moving off balance sheet? And if so, can you talk about how sticky you think some of those new account openings are?
Zach Wasserman : Thanks, Manan. This is Zach. I'll take that question, and it's a good one. Overall, what we saw in our deposit base during the quarter was tremendous stability and that continued, not only through the month of March, but into early April. And we've tried to provide some incremental disclosures around that, so that you could get the visibility.  And for us, it's not surprising as we've noted quite a bit. It's very granular, very diversified and, overall, it didn't happen by accident, it was a function of a really long strategy we have to focus on primary bank relationships, as you know. And to develop this commercial off balance sheet capability that we described in the prepared remarks. To get to your question, in particular, what we saw generally, I would note, by the way, that when you're looking at balances on a day-by-day basis as we've provided them in that disclosure, you have to take them with a note of caution. It really matters what day of the week what week of the month, et cetera payroll days and tax payments, et cetera.  Generally, we expect the end of March to be a seasonal low for commercial. And so most of the movement, around half the move we saw in commercial from, let's say, the average of March down to the end of March was really just BAU movements of commercial clients largely paying out payroll.  The other half was largely movements of deposits off balance sheet as very marginal amount of customers used some of those off-balance sheet solutions to leverage that product set. Interestingly, what you can see, we provide this disclosure out into the first two weeks of April is that essentially completely came back in terms of the overall balance of commercial deposits. So it's very stable net, virtually no movement. On the question of what we saw ins and outs, we, of course, saw some acquisition and we continue to acquire in every segment that we're operating in, consumers, continue to acquire [ph] business banking and commercial as well. And so we feel good about that kind of long-term program, which is one of the things that underlies our continued expectation for its positive growth throughout the rest of this year, just continuing to stay on strategy of acquiring and deepening primary banking relationships.
Manan Gosalia : Great. And then just separately, can you talk about the funding and liquidity side of the balance sheet? So despite the low level of deposit outflow, I think you built up some cash and liquidity levels by taking on more wholesale funding. So how should we think about that as we get through the rest of this year?
Zach Wasserman : Yeah. In terms of overall funding mix, we've talked about this a number of times in prior quarters. We really like where we are coming to this rate cycle from a perspective of lots of balanced options to fund the business. We're growing loans at this point between 5% and 7% and deposits are between 1% and 3%, around 2%, call it, the midpoint of that range. So that allows us to also leverage other sources of funding to overall fund the balance sheet, and we're in a great position to be able to do that. I will tell you, internally, we really like that. It creates quite a bit of attention in the system where the next unit of of funding is coming and really that is optimized from an economic perspective. And so our expectation is to continue to essentially add to each of those funding categories over the foreseeable future while still maintaining a level that's comparatively quite good relative to history for us. So that's the overall plan.  On the topic of liquidity, I would just note a couple of things. This is a key risk that the company has been focused on managing for more than a decade. We purposely create exceptionally robust pools of convention liquidity to cover any potential issue. I think we noted in the prepared -- in the deck some of the key sources of, and also noted that we continue to, over time, add to them. I will tell you that one of the statistics that's in the document today highlights $65 billion of contingent cash and borrowing capacity as of last Friday. I'm pleased to report that as of this morning, based on incremental efforts we've done now $84 million, which, in total, represents 187% of relative to our term deposits. So exceptionally strong liquidity profile, and, as I said, kind of very balanced funding mix.
Manan Gosalia : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore. Please state your question.
John Pancari : Good morning. You mentioned the actions you've taken incrementally to lower expense growth across the firm. Are those actions factored into your 1% to 3% expense guidance? And also what are those actions involved? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman : Yeah. It's a great question, John. This is Zach. I'll elaborate on that. So the short answer to your question is yes. Our guidance of 1% to 3% underlying core growth includes those actions. And I think just back to the sort of strategic intent of it, as we've said for a while, we are very intense on driving a low level of overall expense growth and really leveraging our ongoing program of efficiency initiatives to do that even while we continue to drive outsized growth and self-fund investments within that overall low growth framework.  And so as we came into this updated guidance period, and we saw somewhat lower revenue trajectory. For us, it was important and to kind of continue to execute on the discipline of driving the positive operating leverage to also ratchet down expenses.  I think the kind of things that we do, we always enter the year with a contingent set of expense management options menu, you could think about it as a different kind of options we could undertake if we need to. And that's essentially what we're going to go through now. We'll modulate the pace of hiring. We'll be very judicious in the discretionary expense categories, and we will look at sort of every possible area of expense control to ratchet back expenses and offset a good amount of what was otherwise profit and revenue pressure.  So that's the playbook, and we -- that's something we've done numerous signs over the course of the years. And so we feel really good about our ability to do it again now.
John Pancari : Okay. Great. All right. And then on the -- back to the balance sheet. Can you just give us your expectation in terms of an updated through cycle deposit beta? I believe you had expected 35% previously. But if you can update us there on what you're thinking, and also what net interest margin outlook is baked into your up 6% to 9% net interest income projection? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman : You got it. Let me elaborate more on that. Overall, pulling back, overall, the strategy we have is to continue to drive sustained growth in net interest income on a dollar basis, and to do that, driving continual growth in higher-term loan categories coupling that with the management of NIM around in a tight corridor as we can, where the top end benefits from our continued asset sensitivity and we stand to really benefit if rates do stay a lot higher for longer, but also at the lower end, protected with our hedge portfolio. And all that adds up to the 6% to 9% NII growth that we're guiding to. On beta, in particular to your question, it clearly is a market-positive environment, and, hence, it's realistic to expect some higher beta and, frankly, an earlier impact than we had previously seen. I do expect now a few percentage points higher than the original -- than the prior guidance of 35% beta. I will note that we provide a guidance on beta because we want to give you an indication of where we think that's going. But for us, the most important thing is the execution day-to-day of driving the deposit growth and staying incredibly disciplined in terms of the overall funding mix as I noted in my prior response. How beta ultimately plays out here over the end game is going to be clearly a function of where the yield curve goes. But I do think that a few -- a few percent higher than 35% is a reasonable range based on the new scenarios I laid out.  In terms of overall spread, as we noted, we've moved the guidance range from what was previously 8% to 11% to 6% to 9%, so down about 2% in terms of that guidance range. About 40% of that is just slightly lower loan growth and the rest is spread. As I think about the kind of the way the year plays out, I would expect that kind of a more front-loaded impact of spreads than we were previously expecting. So we would expect to see $1 decline in NII, in Q2 about the same as we saw in Q1, but then growing from there. And I think the NIM range that we have there is sort of consistent with that dollar trends.
John Pancari : Great. Thanks, Zach. 
Zach Wasserman : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please state your question.
Ebrahim Poonawala : Hey, good morning. 
Zach Wasserman : Good morning, Ebrahim. 
Ebrahim Poonawala : Two questions. One, in terms of the deposit growth outlook, I think you mentioned it's expected to be more consumer-led. Just give us a sense of strategically how either the interest rate environment or the events of the last month have changed how you're thinking about deposit acquisition? And has it materially changed the pricing on new deposit growth relative to the how you thought about it back in January?
Rich Pohle : Yeah. Thanks, Ebrahim. Overall, I would say, as we noted, tighten the range with a kind of a lower top end but still expect growth and pretty consistent with what we had thought before in terms of the overall amount growth. So we still see nice traction -- and I think we've seen that a little bit in some of the disclosures we've given just in the first month of the first week of into, for example.  With that being said, I think the mix will be different. And we now expect commercial to be largely flat from here. And really the growth to be consumer-led. Frankly, from our perspective, it's a great highlight of the strength of the consumer franchise that we've got that we can lean in now and continue to support high profit loan growth with that consumer funding. I think the dust has not fully settled in terms of all of the competitive and customer behavioral impacts of the last month, but I think one of them will clearly be more moderated commercial growth that will just be leveraging off-balance sheet structures that much more. So I'm sure that what we do have on sheet is incredibly stable. And on the consumer side, it's just running the same playbook that we have. And we have invested so much over the last few years and capabilities to build our marketing technology and customer targeting capability with the consumer that we really have the opportunity to optimize and to drive incremental consumer-oriented acquisition, not only of higher rate categories, but just fundamentally, we're growing -- we noted 2% growth in primary bank relationships on the Consumer side, 4% growth in business banking. And so it's a very balanced source of growth, and we just going to lead into it at this point to continue to grow overall balances.
Ebrahim Poonawala : Got it. And just as a follow-up, I guess, on the lending side. So I appreciate your comments in terms of where the growth has been in the outlook. But if you could give us a sense of just customer sentiment, given your business mix, some of the legacy TCF businesses, just the health of the economy in terms of when you speak to your customers, are you seeing a slowdown in demand also occurring at the same time, which increases the likelihood of a potential downturn and a recession based on what you're saying?
Steve Steinour : Ebrahim, this is Steve, and thank you for the question. We are seeing customers become more cautious, in some cases, deferring investments and/or postponing on acquisitions or other transactions. And this has increased during the quarter, it's one of the reasons we've sort of guided without changing the loan range to the lower end of that low range from where we would have been at the upper end of that loan rate at the end of '22.  There's a clear -- clearly more angst about, is there a recession, and what 2024 looks. Having said that, many of these customers are doing quite well in '23 thus far and remain optimistic. But again, there's been a lot of media, a lot of headline noise and it's having an impact in addition to what the Fed's doing.
Ebrahim Poonawala : Thanks, Steve. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Steve Steinour : Thanks, Ebrahim. 
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please state your question.
Scott Siefers : Good morning, everyone. Thank you. Hey, Zach, I was hoping you could expand upon some of the NII comments from a question or so ago. So I think if I interpreted you correctly, I guess, NII will take a step down in the second quarter. What would cause that margin or NII to start expanding from there in light of, I guess, fairly limited overall balance sheet growth through the remainder of the year? Just curious about the nuances as you see them.
Zach Wasserman : Yeah. I mean, mainly, it's going to be volume from there, Scott, just continue to sequentially grow loans from second into the third and third into the fourth quarter is the primary driver. We see the spreads much more flat in the back half than kind of accelerated impact. What I -- just to make elaborating a little bit on kind of the NIM trajectory that we see overly precise. When we walked into the year, we were expecting, frankly, a pretty ratable trend in NIM over the course of the year. I think at the time we provided some guidance around single-digit basis points kind of trajectory throughout the course of the year.  Most of that we now see kind of front-loaded just based on the shape of the curve and kind of how the outlook has shaped up at this point. So that's really the driver. Overall, my outlook for NIM is going to be 5 or 6 basis points lower on a 400 basis to give you a sense a portion of which is yield with both of which is just funding costs being slightly higher.
Scott Siefers : Okay.
Steve Steinour : Remember, we are a large equipment finance lender. And that generally has much more activity in the fourth quarter. That's part of this second half build-a-tech, records.
Scott Siefers : Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then can you guys speak broadly to some of the trends you're seeing in the auto portfolio. I mean I know your portfolio, just given the quality and tenure of it, it tends to be a lot different than the industry as a whole. But at least in the media, you would think the industry is sort of collapsing, I guess. Just curious at top level trying to sort of appetite from you guys and then what you're seeing at sort of overall?
Rich Pohle : Scott, it's Rich. I can take that and then Zach and Steve can tack on to it. So from my standpoint, on the credit side, as we showcased during Investor Day, I mean, this is really a business we like through all sorts of cycles. I mean it just become truly the core competency of the bank.  If you look at what we saw in the first quarter, it was a continued gradual normalization in both delinquencies and charge-offs. But it's still trending well below the historic losses that we would normally see. It was 14 basis points in the first quarter, up from 12 in the fourth quarter. From my standpoint, I look really closely at the origination metrics that we've got, we're still originating at FICOs north of 17-18 and the loan to values are remaining relatively constant, reflecting a little bit more mix in new versus used.  So from my standpoint, we're going to expect this portfolio to continue to surpass [ph] that past performance. And unemployment rates are still low, which is certainly going to help the credit metrics here. That's the big driver of losses. So I'm feeling good about it. And maybe Zach can talk about the optimization that we've got from a return on capital standpoint.
Zach Wasserman : Sure. I'll just tack on to that. Just I second the comment that the first feel great about the trajectory of the portfolio and we still see sustained demand and great relationships by the way, by a dealer. So I think we're a core and integral funding partner for our dealers, which really gives us great access.  In terms of optimization, that is one of the loan categories that we are actively modulating. We kind of detailed this at Investor Day last November, should you remember, that's a business that is so effectively managed with respect to pricing and volume trade-offs that you can really pull those levers quite effectively to drive higher return and higher yield times that we want to need to, and this is certainly one of them. And so we're bringing back production a bit and seeing really strong returns as a result of it.  So we'll see some of that and continue to optimize as we go forward for the rest of the year. But that is still a really important business for us and one we're pleased with kind of where we have seen it. 
Scott Siefers : Okay. Perfect. Thank you for all the color. 
Zach Wasserman : Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Erika Najarian with UBS. Please state your question.
Zach Wasserman : Hi, Erika. 
Erika Najarian : I just had 1 follow-up question for Steve. Steve, your starting point of CET1 is 9.5%. You accrete about 20 basis points of capital or more in the quarter. And like you said, your allowance already accounts for a tougher economic environment. I think your shareholders absolutely appreciate the focus on returns. But do you see an opportunity for Huntington to perhaps, as we have a little bit more clarity on the downside to the macro backdrop, take advantage of that capital and reserve resilience, so to speak, and perhaps start thinking about being more opportunistic in market share taking?
Steve Steinour : Yeah, Erika, thanks for the question. We do -- we have focused on and will continue throughout the year building the capital position of the company, strengthening it. We're quite pleased with the results delivered in the first quarter and look for comparable results as we go through the year. We're intending to be at or near the high end of our CET1 rank. And we're doing that with a view that this threat of a recession is increasing. And there's also a backdrop of that there's going to be some kind of regulatory action at some point in the foreseeable future around capital requirements. So with that in mind, that's the purpose of it. Having said that, we intend to be opportunistic. We've got a lot of organic growth potential in the business lines. We're very focused on our execution. And as you saw last year with the acquisition of Capstone and Torana, we're always looking to build out ancillary fee businesses within the company.  Beyond that, in times of disruptions, there tend to be people or teams that might be available, and we will again be -- look to be opportunistic there. And we see this in aggregate as a moment to take market share, and that's what we're driving towards. We're investing the businesses. The outlook Zach has shared with you, we'll have continued investment in the businesses, all of which is designed to enhance our flow our earnings and enhance our returns.
Erika Najarian : Got it. And just to be clear, Steve, I was asking about organic opportunities. That wasn't a hidden bank acquisition question.
Steve Steinour : Well, I'm glad you clarified that. I thought, you might go in a different direction.
Erika Najarian : Yeah, absolutely. And just as a follow-up to that, Zach, heard you loud and clear in terms of continuing to optimize the right-hand side of your balance sheet. As you think about senior debt issuance, I suspect that everything that you may be doing in the future would have lens towards the potential for TLAC eligibility.
Zach Wasserman : It's certainly on the thought process, yes, we're watching that development carefully. Still pretty early days, clearly to see where that might play in, but it's part of the thought process.
Erika Najarian : Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please state your question.
Ken Usdin : Thanks. Good morning. Just 1 follow-up on the capital front. Zach, you show on that Slide 19, where the current potential impact of AFS would be on CET1. I'm just wondering, do you have a rule of thumb if we kept all rates equal on just how fast that would pull to par either on a sequential basis or maybe by the end of '24?
Zach Wasserman : Yeah, it's a great question, and a considerable analysis of this. It's around 5% to 10% a year kind depending on which year in it is which our maturities are so like a totally flat curve basis. I'll give you a sense, we've just read this analysis on the forward curve as of March, it will be 42% recaptured by the end of 2024 in a forward curve scenario is benefiting in that one of interest rates declining relative to [indiscernible] scenario.
Ken Usdin : Great. Thank you. And just 1 question on the asset repricing side. You guys have some fixed rate assets that are still repricing even though I understand how you're slowing production. Just can you give us a sense on just what your front book, back book benefits are in some of your fixed rate portfolios? And have we even really started to see some of those benefits come through given where rates have moved to?
Zach Wasserman : Yeah, it's a great question. We look at that very carefully. And we're seeing really nice step-up in loan yields. To give you a sense, new volume rates up almost 50 basis points -- sorry, new volume up almost 70 basis points, back book up almost 50 basis points in Q1. We estimate that our loan beta at this point through Q1 is 37%, and that could easily be over the next couple of years approaching 60% so if you just sort of model the yield curve.  So we're a little further through the loan beta than we are at the deposit beta, but not much. And there's certainly much more room to go in terms of loan yields from here. Just given kind of about just over 10% of the portfolio in auto, that turns pretty quick, just over two years. So going to get the benefit of that repricing and some at delays but impactful beta there. And then obviously, the sort of the longer-dated loan book likewise is seeing a nice reset in terms of rates, and it's about a benefit for us over the coming quarters as well.
Ken Usdin : Okay. Thanks, Zach. 
Operator: Next question comes from Jon Arfstrom with RBC. Please state your question.
Jon Arfstrom : Thanks. Good morning, everyone. A few questions here. Zach, on Slide 14, that green line on the bottom, the last time you said, it took a couple of quarters for deposit cost to roll over after the Fed stop. If we're done in May, do you think that relationship holds? Does it -- is it two quarters and deposit costs stopped going up? Is that fair?
Zach Wasserman : That's generally the expectation we've got, John, yes, based on just the prior basis. Obviously, the [indiscernible], it could be a kind of function of the pace with which rates might begin to decline and also what the kind of economic environment, hence, the loan growth environment across the industry that would affect the competitive environment of deposits. So that will clearly play into it. But generally, our planning assumption is, as you know, which is very much in keeping with what we've seen, not only in the last year's cycle, but in multiple recycles for that.
Jon Arfstrom : Okay. Fair enough. Steve or Rich, maybe for one of you. You used the term in the deck rigorous client selection for commercial real estate. Can you talk a little bit more about that, what you go through? Help us understand the type of work you do and do you think this is different than what your peers are doing?
Rich Pohle : I really can't speak to what our peers are doing, but I can tell you that we, for four years now, have developed a process of really fine-tuning who we do business with in this space. As you know, real estate cycles and you have to be able to depend on who you're doing business with to support the projects. And so we really narrowed the funnel around the types of the sponsors that we work with. And we said -- we cure them. We look at their -- just how long they've been in business. We look at their financial wherewithal. We look at their liquidity. And more importantly, we look at how they've behaved in past cycles.  And we cure them and are curing how much we'll have out to any particular sponsor how [indiscernible] single project we will have to them and other metrics associated with that. So we -- right now, we are focused on serving the core and that has served us well going forward.
Steve Steinour : Jon, we're always disciplined in our credit. And I think that's going to prove to be the case as we come through the cycle. Obviously, pleased with where we are at the moment. So we'll see. But I can tell you, especially in [indiscernible] where we had enormous challenges in '08-'09 we have sustained a discipline here since that time. And Rich has been a big part a bit along with that, our lending fees.
Jon Arfstrom : Good. One more for you, Steve. I know this seems like a softball, but if not, I'm genuinely curious. But what surprised you the most over the past six weeks as you manage through some of this disruption?
Steve Steinour : The speed of the one on the banks was a surprise, Jon, faster than that we've seen that I can ever recall. And I think, as a consequence, it lead -- the regulators and others, maybe a little behind what they would become they didn't expected either. And that's why I think it's a couple of weeks to go as we be resolved and signature as well.  Normally, there's more front-end planning. They have a chance to line things up. This turned into a little bit more of a scramble. Having said that, I thought the reaction that something from treasury and as just -- it was just outstanding timing and fully appropriate.
Jon Arfstrom : Okay. All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos with JP Morgan Chase. Please state your question.
Steven Alexopoulos : Hi, everybody. 
Steve Steinour : Hi, Steven. 
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start. So on the net interest income, outlook, which has taken down a bit. Given everything is actually detailed on the swaps and the forward curve, as of right now, where do you see yourself trending within that? Is there a bias either to the upside or downside within that range right now?
Zach Wasserman : When we set these ranges, we try to set them with our general expectation to be the right at the midpoint. So that's kind of the baseline expectation. I think kind of what -- the puts and takes that would take you to the high and the low end codes volume on one hand just sort of the shape of the yield curve and the competitive drive on the other hand.  So it's hard to generalize, but we feel quite good about landing in that range at this point, and thats what we're driving for.
Steven Alexopoulos : Got it. And is the way we should think about it, so if we're at the low end, say, of the NII range, should then we should be at the low end of the expense guidance? Should we just connect those 2?
Zach Wasserman : Generally speaking, that is the way we think about it. We throttled the expense growth based on where the revenue trajectory is going. And that's why we try to have a really disciplined forecasting process with as we've said, multiple economics in there so we try to do that. Obviously, the expense level takes some time to pull. And so you need to have a good line of sight to where that's going and it's possible if there's a rapid move but a surprising movement, but that's not possible at given short time period, but over the longer term, yes.
Steven Alexopoulos : Got it. Okay. So maybe just one last one for Steve. Just following up on your response just now to Jon's question, given the speed at which deposits went out, Silicon Valley Bank, when you look at that, do you view that from a distance as a unique one-off event? Or are there lessons that you're now applying the way you think about managing capital risk, liquidity that even a stable regional bank like yourself will change potentially fairly materially than the aftermath of what we just saw? Thanks. 
Steve Steinour : Steve, I think there are always lessons learned. But the business model is of SVB and Signature were so different from us and other regional banks, but particularly from us. The concentrations of the uninsured deposit level of 95%, just in retrospect, it seems rather clear that the liquidity risk was very, very different and a huge miss combined with their asset liability. In terms of lessons for us, even that much more aware of liquidity.  We've always seen this as a prime risk. We've always had good back up, and we've been very granular and advantaged to have that best-in-class uninsured to total deposit ratio. But we'll probably be even more cautious, not probably, we will be even more cautious given the speed at which things move as we go forward.  Having said all that, we're in a very strong position today. We expect to grow deposits as we continue through the year. And so it's like extra vigilance. We may give some policy adjustments to reinforce and strengthen further, but that will be of a minor nature, I don't think it will impact our performance.
Steven Alexopoulos : Okay. Thanks for taking my questions. 
Zach Wasserman : Thank you. 
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour : So thank you very much for joining us today. And as you've heard, we're operating from a position of strength with the foundation that's been built over a long period of time. We're very, very focused on continued growth and intend to be opportunistic. We're confident in our ability to continue creating value for shareholders. And as a reminder, the Board executives and our colleagues are a top 10 shareholder collectively, reflecting our strong alignment with our shareholders.  So thank you for your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-20 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. At this time, I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations.
Tim Sedabres : Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone, and good morning. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing today can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and a replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer; Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A. Earnings documents, which include our forward-looking statements disclaimer and non-GAAP information are available on the Investor Relations section of our website. With that, let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour : Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We are very pleased to announce our fourth quarter results, which included GAAP net income of $645 million and adjusted net income of $657 million. For the full-year, reported GAAP net income was $2.2 billion, and adjusted net income was $2.3 billion. Both results reflect record earnings for Huntington. 2022 marked a year of numerous successes driven by our team's execution of organic growth initiatives, realization of both expense and revenue synergies from the TCF acquisition. An unwavering focus on credit discipline and proactive balance sheet management. We ended the year with substantial momentum. Clearly, the economic environment is becoming increasingly challenging. However, Huntington is better positioned today than at any time since I joined over a dozen years ago. And over those years, we've transformed the risk profile of the bank and remained highly disciplined. We are taking proactive steps now to again position Huntington to outperform, and we entered the year with solid capital levels, top-tier reserves, a growing core deposit base and strong credit metrics. We continue to see opportunities to grow revenue and profit.  Now on to slide four. First, we finished the year with our fourth consecutive quarter of record pre-provision net revenue. This was supported by higher interest income driven by earning asset growth and an expanded net interest margin. Revenue growth has been exceptional over the course of the year, and we intend to protect and grow that revenue base. Second, we delivered broad-based loan growth ex PPP up 10% year-over-year. As we drove this growth, we also optimized for return while still exceeding our loan growth outlook. One example of this optimization is indirect auto, where our production in the quarter was approximately 15% lower than the prior quarter, while our new loan yields increased by over 100 basis points. Importantly, we continue to grow our deposit base with multiple consecutive quarters of growth. We believe this is a differentiator for Huntington in this environment. It also demonstrates the breadth of our franchise and our colleagues' ability to acquire and deepen primary bank customer relationships. Third, our financial results for the fourth quarter and full-year reflect a top-tier return profile and were at or above our medium-term targets. These results demonstrate the earnings power of the company, and we expect to continue to deliver on these targets. As we intended, we delivered common equity Tier 1 capital to the middle of our 9% to 10% operating range. We are also very pleased to announce a new two-year share repurchase program. Fourth, we ended 22 with strong momentum across the business that we carry into this new year. We remain focused on growth, aligned with our risk appetite. Importantly, we have the capital, credit reserves and strength of balance sheet that give us confidence to continue to deliver on our organic growth priorities. Slide five highlights the tremendous earnings power of the franchise, which has improved sequentially over the course of the year. PPNR is over 60% higher than pre-pandemic levels. Our return on tangible common equity is top tier. We managed our asset sensitivity throughout the year and deliberately positioned the company to benefit from higher interest rates, which resulted in significant revenue growth. We've also been prudent in taking actions to protect this revenue base should we experience lower rates over the next few years. We will continue to be dynamic in this regard with our goal of reducing volatility and creating a tight quarter around the path of spread revenue. At our Investor Day in November, we shared with you our highly defined set of strategic priorities. We expect these strategies will drive sustained revenue growth and support gains in efficiency over the long-term. As you also heard, this management team is a group of experienced operators. To further accelerate the execution of these strategies and support increased efficiency, we will be taking a series of actions during 23 to align our organizational structure with a focus on our critical priorities. We expect these actions will result in new growth and efficiency opportunities. We will share more details on these actions as they're finalized over the course of the first quarter However, one element will be a voluntary retirement program for our middle and senior management. Overall, I believe this program will be important to support our colleagues and create value for our shareholders. In closing, we are well positioned for continued growth. We have the strategies and the momentum in our businesses to support growth. We also benefit from highly engaged colleagues who have consistently delivered outstanding customer service and are a true differentiator. We have a credit discipline to outperform and remain focused on rigorous expense management, investment prioritization and capital allocation. We remain committed to our long track record of managing to positive annual operating leverage and are intently focused on driving shareholder value.  Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve. And good morning, everyone. Slide 6 provides highlights of our fourth quarter results. We reported GAAP earnings per common share of $0.42 and adjusted EPS was $0.43. Return on tangible common equity, or ROTCE, came in at 26% for the quarter. Adjusted for notable items, ROTCE was 26.5%. Further adjusting for AOCI ROTCE was 19.8%. Loan balances continued to expand as total loans increased by $1.9 billion and excluding PPP, increased by $2.1 billion. Deposit balances increased by $1.6 billion on an end-of-period basis, while average deposits were essentially flat compared to the prior quarter. Pre-provision net revenue expanded sequentially by 4.2% from last quarter to $893 million. And on a full-year basis, year-over-year increased by 36% to $3.2 billion. Credit quality remained strong with net charge-offs of 17 basis points and nonperforming assets declining to 50 basis points. Turning to slide seven. Average loan balances increased 1.7% quarter-over-quarter driven by both commercial and consumer loans. Commercial loans continue to represent the majority of loan growth within commercial, excluding PPP, average loans increased by $1.9 billion or 2.7% from the prior quarter. Primary components of this commercial growth included distribution finance, which increased $900 million tied to continued normalization of dealer inventory levels, as well as seasonality with shipments of winter equipment arriving to dealers. We also saw the continued long-term trend of demand within our asset finance businesses, which drove balances $300 million higher in the quarter. Commercial real estate balances increased by $500 million largely as a result of production late in the third quarter and lower prepays. End-of-period balances were higher by $180 million. Auto floor plan utilization continued to normalize, which drove balances higher by $300 million. Additional increases in line utilization over time, represents a substantial ongoing opportunity. We also saw higher balances in specialty verticals. Such as mid-corporate and tech and telecom, which were offset by lower balances in other areas as a result of our return optimization initiatives. In Consumer, growth was led by residential mortgage which increased by $500 million as on sheet production outpaced runoff and was supported by slower prepaid speeds. Partially offsetting this growth were lower auto balances, which declined by $230 million and RV Marine, which declined by $50 million. Turning to slide eight. We delivered $1.6 billion of deposit growth for the quarter and $4.6 billion for the year on an ending basis, on an average basis, deposits were lower by two-tenth of 1% while increasing 2.4% year-over-year. Competition for deposits has intensified, beginning in earnest in September and continuing into the fourth quarter. Notwithstanding that, we are pleased with the traction we saw over the course of the quarter as our teams delivered robust production, demonstrating the deposit gathering capabilities across the bank. Ending deposit growth was led by consumer, which increased by $1.6 billion. We saw a mix shift in line with our expectations, including incremental growth in both money market and time deposits. We continue to remain disciplined on deposit pricing with our total cost of deposits coming in at 64 basis points for the fourth quarter. We will remain dynamic balancing core deposit growth, the competitive rate environment and the utilization of a broadrange of funding options. On slide nine, we reported another quarter of sequential expansion of both net interest income and NIM. Core net interest income, excluding PPP and purchase accounting accretion, increased by $67 million or 5% and to $1.459 billion. Net interest margin expanded 10 basis points on a GAAP basis from the prior quarter and expanded 11 basis points on a core basis, excluding accretion. Slide 10 highlights our high-quality deposit base and diversified funding profile. For the current cycle to date, our beta on total cost of deposits was 17%, as we have noted, we expect deposit rates to continue to trend higher from here over the course of the rate cycle. Overall, our beta continues to track to our expectations. Turning to slide 11. Throughout 2022, we were deliberate in managing the balance sheet to benefit from asset sensitivity. We also incrementally added to our hedging program to manage possible downside rate risks over the longer term. During the quarter, we executed a net $3.2 billion of received fixed swaps and $800 million of forward-starting swaption collars. At this point, based on the current rate outlook and yield curve opportunities, we believe we have optimized the size of the program. We are comfortable with our position today as we balance near-term costs versus longer-term protection. As always, we will be dynamic as we monitor the outlook and the yield curve. We maintain unused hedge capacity that we could deploy should the curve revert and/or steepen to a level where we would add incremental downside rate protection hedges. On the securities portfolio, we saw another step-up in reported yields quarter-over-quarter. We are benefiting from reinvestment as well as the hedge strategy to protect capital. We will continue to reinvest cash flows of approximately $1 billion each quarter, at attractive new purchase yields around 5%. Moving to slide 12. Non-interest income was $499 million, up $1 million from last quarter. We drove record activity within our capital markets businesses during the quarter and throughout 2022. Capstone continued to perform well and our underlying capital markets businesses outside of Capstone finished the year strong, up 26% year-over-year. We remain pleased with the client engagement we are seeing in the wealth management business with another positive quarter of net asset flows. On a year-over-year basis, we saw lower mortgage banking income as a result of the higher rate environment and from lower deposit service charges from fair play enhancements we implemented during 2022. Offsetting these factors were higher capital markets revenues and payments revenues. Importantly, we're executing on our strategy to drive higher value revenue streams and our fee mix continues to trend favourably. Moving on to slide 13. GAAP noninterest expense increased $24 million compared to the prior quarter. Adjusted for notable items, core expenses increased by $19 million. This quarterly increase in core expenses was primarily the result of revenue-driven compensation tied to capital markets production. Additionally, we saw seasonally higher medical claims in the quarter, which increased by $16 million. Underlying these results, core expenses were well controlled, demonstrating our commitment to disciplined expense management. Slide 14 recaps our capital position. Common equity Tier 1 increased to 9.44%. Our tangible common equity ratio, or TCE, increased to 5.55%. Adjusting for AOCI, our TCE ratio was 7.3%. We ended the year having delivered on our plan to drive common equity Tier 1 to the middle of our 9% to 10% operating range. Going forward, our capital priorities have not changed, fund organic growth, support our dividend and provide capacity for all other uses, including share repurchases. After having held back on share repurchases for the last several quarters, our expectation is that over the course of 2023 and beyond, we will now return to a more normalized capital distribution mix, including share repurchases. Our Board has authorized a $1 billion share repurchase program through the end of 2024. Given the current economic outlook, our thinking is that we will not actively repurchase shares during the first-half of 2023. And as we watch the path of the economy. This may result in capital ratios continuing to expand in the near-term. We like the flexibility the program provides, and we believe it is prudent to maintain an authorized share repurchase program as part of our overall capital management framework. On slide 15, credit quality continues to perform very well. As mentioned, net charge-offs were 17 basis points for the quarter. This was higher than last quarter by 2 basis points and up 5 basis points from the prior year as credit performance continues to normalize. Nonperforming assets declined from the previous quarter and have reduced for six consecutive quarters. Criticized loans have similarly improved for four consecutive quarters. Allowance for credit losses was up slightly, driving the coverage ratio higher to 1.9% of total loans. Turning to slide 16. You will note a strong reserve position. As I mentioned, the portfolio has continued to perform extraordinarily well, and we believe our disciplined approach to credit through the cycle underpins the overall strength of our balance sheet. We were pleased to update our medium-term financial targets at Investor Day in November, and these form the foundation of our expectations over our strategic planning horizon. We believe these metrics are at the core of value creation. Profit growth, return on capital and the commitment to drive positive annual operating leverage. Turning to slide 18. Let me share some thoughts on our 2023 outlook. As we discussed at Investor Day, we analyze multiple potential economic scenarios to project financial performance and develop management action plans. Our targets are anchored on a baseline scenario that is informed by the consensus economic outlook and the forward yield curve as of December 31. The baseline assumes a mild recession in 2023 with modest net GDP growth for the full-year. The economy is expected to exit the year on the path toward recovery with inflation gradually subsiding. Since Investor Day, the economic outlook is incrementally worse and is likely at the lower end of the baseline scenario outcomes. Our baseline outlook for 2023 is for average loans to grow between 5% and 7%, led by commercial with more modest growth in consumer. We will continue to focus on optimizing for returns and driving loan expansion in select areas. Deposits are expected to increase between 1% and 4%, reflecting continued growth and deepening of customer and primary bank relationships. Net interest income is expected to increase between 8% and 11%, driven by continued earning asset growth and expanded full-year net interest margin. Non-interest income is projected to be approximately flat. We expect continued robust performance from our areas of strategic focus: capital markets, payments and wealth management. During 2023, several other factors are offsetting that growth including our anticipated holding of the majority of our SBA loan production on sheet, thereby reducing near-term fee revenue in favour of longer-term high-return spread revenue. Lower income of approximately $23 million associated with purchase accounting accretion in fees. Please refer to slide 30 for more details. Lower operating lease revenue as we continue to transition to more capital leases. Importantly, we expect this will result in lower operating lease depreciation expense as well. Lower mortgage banking income for the full-year 2023 versus 2022. And finally, in light of the economic outlook, we are implementing risk mitigating deposit policy changes that will result in a lower incidence of overdrafts and related service charges. In addition, we are reducing NSF fees to 0 in the first quarter. This will result in an approximate $5 million reduction in fee income per quarter, which we expect to be more than offset by lower associated charge-offs. As you know, the first quarter is generally a seasonal low for overall fee income. We expect fee income will grow sequentially throughout the remainder of the year. On expenses, as Steve noted, we intend to hold growth to a low level given the environment, even as we remain committed to funding critical long-term investments. We plan to manage core underlying expense growth between 2% and 4% for the full-year. This level of expense growth benefits from the ongoing efficiency initiatives we've discussed previously, such as Operation accelerate, branch optimization and the organizational alignment actions that Steve highlighted. Added to the core expense growth, we expect approximately $60 million higher expenses from the full-year run rate of Capstone in Toronto, and $33 million of increased FDIC insurance expense associated with the surcharge. In addition, we expect the first half of the year to include some amount of restructuring charges associated with the expense management actions we are taking. We will provide more details about these actions later in the quarter. Overall, our low expense growth coupled with expanded revenues, is expected to support another year of positive operating leverage. We expect net charge-offs will be on the low end of our long-term through-the-cycle range of 25 to 45 basis points. Our 2023 guidance reflects the current macroeconomic outlook. We will continue to be diligent in analyzing the macro environment and will react as needed to manage as the year plays out. We ended 2022 in a position of strength and have good momentum. We have every expectation of continuing to outperform this year. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and move to questions and answers. Tim, over to you.
A - Tim Sedabres: Thank you, Zach. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Manan Gosalia with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Manan Gosalia: Hey, good morning. Hey, question on deposit growth. You mentioned deposit competition has intensified quite a bit. And we can see from the CD rates that you're offering in the market that you've been proactively raising the CD rates and offering more 14-month CDs. So just given all of that, can you talk about how much of the projected deposit growth in 2023 will be driven by CDs? And what the overall deposit mix is likely to look like?
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Yes. This is Zach. I'll take that question. Thank you for asking it. Generally speaking, we're seeing our deposit growth continue to trend pretty well in line with the outlook that we've given between 1% and 4% growth for the full-year. So, we think we're on that run rate. I think it will be balanced between both consumer and partial and to your point, we'll continue to the mix of that deposit gathering will continue to trend as we expected and it is baked into our overall rate and beta expectations for higher rate products like time deposits like money market et cetera. I think we're beginning -- we're operating in this rate cycle clearly at a lower level of mix of those products than we were, for example, the last rate cycle. So, we'll see that trend higher throughout the course of the next several quarters, but in line with our general expectations, it all comes back to our focus on deepening relationships with our existing customers and our primary bank relationships. And so, we think it's working pretty well and expected to continue as we go to
Manan Gosalia: Got it. And then maybe on the NIM trajectory from here, can you comment on if we're close to peak. And given what you said on the hedges and the fact that the program, at least for now. I mean how should we think about a floor for NIM from here over the course of the next four to eight quarters, as I said, does start cutting rates.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. On the topic of NIM, I think just take a step back, we've significantly benefited over the last two quarters from explicit actions to manage asset sensitivity seen more than 60 basis points NIM expansion in the last three quarters alone. And that was very intentional with in mind towards continuing our top-tier performance in NIM over the course of long periods of time that we've done. As we stand now, as we start to look into, we do believe there's more room to go on asset bases, and we'll see yields continuing to increase out over the next few quarters. However, we're further along in that process probably three quarters of the way through than we are on the deposit beta side, but we also expect, as we said, rates continue to track higher over the course of the next several quarters, we're probably only about halfway through the deposit beta cycle. And when you couple that dynamic with what is currently expectation, the yield curve that we'll see short-end rates fall towards the latter part of 2024. It is reasonable to project a somewhat downward trajectory of NIM over the course of 2023. Our goal will be to manage NIM, as we've said on a number of occasions previously within a tighter corridor in 2023 as we can, really protecting the downside hedging program and ultimately driving towards sequential and sustained growth in net interest income on a dollar basis. And I think when we couple what we expect to be a pretty strong NIM level overall with the loan growth that we expect to continue to drive, again, to the guidance 5% to 7% over the course of this year, we'll see that NII on dollar rate is continuing to expand, and it's about focus.
Manan Gosalia: Great. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everyone.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start sort of follow-up, Zach. With the NIM expected to trend down given all the hedges and protection you've put in place to sort of tighten that ban. And can you frame for us how much downside could we see what's the range?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks, even, for the question. Look, I think the trend is something on the order of single-digit reduction on kind of a quarterly basis as we go throughout 2023. There's a range of uncertainty. So, I want to be clear, not being overly precise, you just think about all the factors that are going to play into that. The Fed funds actions, which, as you know, from staring at the dot plots are not aligned with the market expectation. So how that all plays out, I think it's going to be the most important factor the pace and trajectory of beta, which at this point seems to be fairly well linear across time, but we'll have to wait and see how that goes. And clearly, the big one is the economy where that tracks over the near term. So, it's difficult to be overly precise, so I'm trying not to and bring back to dollar. Our goal will be to drive NII on a dollar basis. I said, I do expect some downward trajectory in them and probably something on the order of single digits on a sequential basis each quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. That's helpful. And then Zack, when we look at, you're obviously expecting more loan growth than deposit growth, a fairly large issuance of sub debt this quarter. Could you walk us through the funding strategy? I know you said you expect the overall growth in average earning assets. But what's the funding strategy? It seems like you have to do much more than just on the deposit side? And maybe what will be the cost of that?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I think it's an important point. And it's something that we feel is a point of strength and an advantage at this point in the cycle, given that we're coming to the early to middle stage of the cycle has still a very advantageous overall position in terms of loan-to-deposit ratio, the mix of important categories of spot like time deposits in our noncustomer funding kind of relative to history. And so, it allows us, as I've mentioned on a number of previous occasions to utilize the balance source of funding. If you look back at what happened in 2022, we grew loans at 10% deposits were more in the 2.5% range. Clearly, loan deposit ratios have tracked up, and we used a broad range of other funding sources like long-term debt like the FHLB and other noncustomer sources to balance out. The same is going to be true for 2023, albeit to a somewhat less degree thinking about loan growth in that mid- to high single-digits range, 5% to 7%. Deposit growth in the 1% to 4% does imply we'll continue to see loan-to-deposit ratios tick up. And you'll see us, therefore, continue to utilize other balance funding sources like the Federal Home Loan Bank, other noncustomer sources of funding there. The rates that we're seeing are pretty reasonable. The incremental economics certainly on that loan growth continued very accretive to return on capital and the overall cost of deposits and funding within that beta expectation so NIM expectation. Could I just talk on that question.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you, Steven.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Usdin : Hey, good morning. Hey, Zach, I wanted to ask you; I know we talked about this last quarter. The security swaps that you had added a nice amount of net interest income again. And I'm just wondering, can you help us understand just the benefit from that, if ineffectiveness helped that again? And just how does that go -- like how do we track that going forward relative to just interest rates in terms of the benefits that you should get from there?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. They were a very powerful benefit. I think it's -- they're protected, as you know, about one-third a whole would have otherwise been AOCI Mark reduction, which was their primary attention originally, but also have played out in terms of really strong reported yields in the securities portfolio. Roughly half of the approximately 50 bps increase in securities yield was from that hedging program to give you a sense of the scale of it. And I think where it goes from here in terms of incremental benefit is going to be, to some degree, a function of just where that mid-portion of the curve goes and at this point, it's fairly well topped out. I'm not expecting a ton more lift there. The lift from that has reduced somewhat from the third quarter, but it still is very accretive we're not adding to that portfolio now. And so, I think we're getting the benefit that we expected from it.
Ken Usdin : Okay. Great. And then one follow-up on deposit beta. 17% total cumulative so far through the cycle. Can you just remind us what you're thinking about betas from here and just to be super clear for us, if you don't mind, on I think you guys usually do talk on total?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, sure. So, it was 17%, to give sense is kind of tracking across time, it was 6% in Q2, 11% Q3, 17% in Q4. So, continues to track and kind of in the additional 5 to 6% to 7% range each quarter. And the expectation is to go out into Q1, it can be sort of more of the same, continuing out over until we get into the middle part of the year. Our planning assumption Ken, is something on the order of 35% total through the cycle, which would indicate we're about halfway through to the prior point that I made. With nothing that I'll tell you where we're intently focused is on the day-to-day management and really very, very rigorous looking client by client in the commercial portfolio, geography by geography in the in the consumer portfolio and ensuring that we can stay competitive and ensure we've got a strong deposit franchise. And so, we'll continue to wait and see and manage against that. If the outlook changes will let you know. But at this point, it continues to track according to that broad expectation.
Ken Usdin: Okay, great. Thank you, Zach.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. You mentioned on slide 18 that you expect to be at the low end of your net charge-off range. The tone very quickly changed this week from some land into hard landing. I guess my question here is this may be obvious to us that have covered the company for a while, but what makes you confident despite the deteriorating economic outlook that you could stay at the low end of that already pretty low range and given some of -- there was a -- I wouldn't call them up here, but there was a company that reported pretty eye-popping delinquency numbers in auto this morning. I'm wondering if you could give us what's going on with auto credit trends underneath. And again, we remind us why you feel confident about how that portfolio would perform in an economic downturn.
Rich Pohle: Erika, it's Rich. Let me take that. I'll go -- I'll answer your second question first with respect to auto. So, we are seeing delinquencies in our portfolio. And again, remember, this is a prime and super prime portfolio. And as we talked about at Investor Day, we've been in this business for decades, and we've got very sophisticated custom scorecards that we use in our client selection process. So, we feel very good about where this business is today and spend through numerous cycles and it's proven itself that it can outperform peers from a loss content through various cycles. So, we feel good about that. The delinquencies right now are right where we would expect them to be from a seasonal standpoint. If you go back and you look at where would have been in that 2018 and 2019 area. We're still trending below those pre-COVID levels. So, we feel good there. And we've been very proactive as it relates to how we're managing our loan to values in that space as well. So I don't have any real concerns about our indirect auto space. I feel very comfortable with how that business is growing. With respect to the overall comfort that we have in our net charge-off forecast. I think it goes back to our customer makeup. As I talked about at Investor Day, on the consumer side, we are overwhelmingly a secured creditor. 95% of our loans are secured. And again, we've got that prime focus and high FICOs of origination around 770. So, it is a very strong book and throughout all of that back I just talked about auto, but even RV Marine resi, all of those portfolios are showing very well from a delinquency standpoint. So, we feel good there. On the commercial side, we have taken a lot of steps to reposition this book over the last several years going through into more specialty businesses, more larger companies, public companies so we feel that we've mitigated the loss content in that portfolio as well. So even though, as Zach pointed out, we're looking at more of a mild recession than a severe landing that's why we feel comfortable with where we are from a charge-off forecast at that low end. Now clearly, if the economy worsens, where we land within that range is going to depend on where the economy goes and how the Fed reacts. But at this point, we're comfortable with where we put that guidance.
Steve Steinour: But Erika, this is Steve. A number of the guidance is through the cycle, and we've been well below the through-the-cycle average. And at this point, we're guiding to the lowest end of the range. And we've been strategic on how we position the lending activities now for a dozen years. We've been very disciplined Richard team, along with the lending teams that have adhere to the discipline, didn't open up in some of the areas of my benefit to frothy and recent vintages. So, we've got a really good core book on both the commercial side. And as a super prime and secured lender generally on the consumer side, we actually think of that as a lower risk book. So, our aggregate out low risk profile and discipline over many years will serve us well, certainly in auto and frankly, the entire portfolio.
Erika Najarian: And my second question is on that 6% to 9% PPNR growth, medium-term target. Clearly, you expect to hit that this year. And I'm wondering, obviously, it gets more difficult if the Fed is cutting which a lot of investors expect for 2024. And maybe the question is I know we'll hear more from you on this expense management actions that you're taking for which you will incur a restructuring charge. But is that an example of the commitment that Huntington has to deliver this PPNR growth range with consistency over the medium term on an annual basis, even if the revenue tailwinds dissipate, like rates?
Zach Wasserman: Erika, this is Zach. I'll take that one. And the answer to your question is yes. We in terms of that very much is a sign of our trying to look ahead. Look at not only 2023 but also over the entirety of the strategic plan in Horizon and ensure that we're setting up the overall financial performance in terms of revenue and the growth rate of overall expenses such that we can achieve the objectives in terms of profit growth -- that is a very deeply held objective and we're not looking in the short term, but in the long term to achieve it. As we talked about at Fairmont Investor Day, there are multiple strategic levers that we use to manage overall expenses to grow less than revenue to support that PPNR growth. And even as we drive a faster growth rate of the expenses -- or sorry, the investments within expenses to drive ultimately business growth over the long term, but the efficiency drivers, operation accelerate that is going in reengineering, major customer-facing processes, taking waste and cost out of the system as we improve productivity our long track record of optimizing the consumer and retail branch distribution network, which is still very relevant, still it made, but it does represent an opportunity over time to reduce and to harvest expense saves and things like this organizational alignment, which are designed to help us to improve efficiency and hold cost growth at a low level. I will note, it's in the guidance that I've given in terms of overall core expense growth for 2023. But importantly, also helps us to achieve our strategic objectives. Align our organization yet even more towards our most important strategic priorities and to operate as efficiently and at pace as we can. So, we are extremely focused on driving that long-term efficiency program, which is an important component of the PPNR guidance. And I do expect we'll achieve the financial medium-term targets this year. That's what's baked into an implied by our overall guidance.
Rich Pohle: I think Erika, Steve, if I could add on just a bit and as you'll remember from the Investor Day deck, shared a number of economic scenarios. And we were asked a question and commented that we would take action that the scenarios that the economy worsened and the more challenging scenario emerged. We've already closed 32 branches this month we are taking action consistent with our prior statement and the commitment around driving towards these medium-term financial goals. We're looking ahead as well to 24 with how we're positioning the reinvestment off of the expense actions. So, team is doing a great job. It's a quick pivot, if you will, from a record year and a record quarter. But it's with a very clear set of actions and plan and we're executing.
Erika Najarian: Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks for your questions, Erika.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Jon Arfstrom : Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Just to follow-up on Erika's first question. You guys talked about your buyback being on pause because you're watching the path of the economy. In the first half, you talked a little bit about the economic outlook since the Investor Day was slightly worse, yet Rich, you sound pretty confident. It feels like you feel good about your credit outlook just help us square that a little bit more. Are you actually seeing erosion maybe outside of your portfolios? Or help us understand your overall thinking because it seems like it's pretty positive from my view.
Rich Pohle: Well, I would say it's positive right now, and we're certainly cautious as we enter a downturn, but everything that I'm looking at right now, Jon, is holding water exactly where we thought it would be our delinquencies, both in commercial and consumer are right where we would expect them to be. We had a very sharp drop in our commercial delinquencies and our commercial real estate delinquencies are essentially nothing. The [indiscernible] momentum and NPA momentum that we've got both down 20% year-over-year, puts us in really good stead as we enter a downturn. So, we're looking at everything. Every portfolio we're going deep into to make sure that we're proactive in identifying potential issues and trying to get ahead of them in terms of working with customers as there's potential problems. But certainly, the headwinds are there in the economy, but we feel good about where the portfolio is positioned. Like I said, we're not going to bat 1,000. We do have higher losses forecasted in 23 than we had in 22. So, we understand that it's going to be a more challenging environment, but we feel good where we're sitting.
Jon Arfstrom : Okay. And then can you guys touch on the one fee line that stood out was Capital Markets. Can you touch on what you're seeing there? You talked about Capstone and then some of your other businesses. Are these referrals coming to Capstone internally. Is it business generated on their own? And what do you think there in terms of the longer-term runway?
Zach Wasserman: In terms of -- so this Zach. I'll take that one. Capital markets is a real bright spot for us. the core underlying capital markets, excluding Capstone, grew 26% revenue year-over-year in 2022, and we expect another run rate of double-digit teams are above revenue growth as we go into '23. So, we're seeing just really sustained traction in the underlying strategy there is to deepen relationships with additional clients continue to penetrate that set of services and products into our core customer base and reap the benefits of it. It's been an area as you know that we've been investing in considerably over time, and we're seeing that play through into incremental revenue growth. And then Capstone to your point, is a nice addition to that. And I would tell you that Capstone is doing really, really well. They beat the plan for Q3. Overall, more than the $100 million run rate, if you look at the back half of revenues. I look at the back half of '22, and we expect that to continue and sustain and continue to grow as we go into '23. It's early days, I would say, in getting client referrals from the Huntington base, but at the beginning, we are seeing, particularly as late to the pipeline and in the future, a lot of positive engagement of core Huntington clients with the Capstone team and with the service set there. And so, it's going to be an area that there's continues to bear fruit and we're quite bullish about the opportunity to grow capstones what was previously $100 million revenue run rate up into something that continues to perform well and above that as we go forward over time. So, it's definitely a strong point at this point.
Rich Pohle: I'll add to that a little bit, Jon, if I can. So, Capstone's had a good performance thus far. They had a very strong pipeline coming into the year. Obviously, multiples of change valuation is impacted by that. Timing becomes a little more uncertain. But we're really pleased with that. The integration into the bank channels is going very, very well. The core businesses, foreign exchange, a record year, Institutional Sales & Trading. Commodities has had a very good performance. So, a number of the businesses are doing very, very well at the core and expect that they'll continue to so that the laggard is, as you would expect, the rates businesses given the inverted curve and but this is a very strategic growth for us. We're continuing to invest in it and the integration of both Capstone and the combined efforts of our core teams and what you earn district at the Investor Day make us very bullish about '23 and beyond.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you, Jon.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Hey, I just wanted I just wanted to ask one back on credit. Just sort of in light of your updated economic assumptions, what sort of additional reserving needs do you think Huntington might have? I mean you're already starting with 190 plus reserve here. So, I mean does that seem sufficient in light of what you're thinking? Or would it continue to drift upward a bit?
Rich Pohle: Scott, it's Rich. I'll take that. So, as you saw, we held our coverage levels flat in the second quarter then we had two incremental builds in Q3 and Q4. So, the 190 coverage that we're sitting with today, we think is fully reflective of the current economic scenario. Now where the reserve goes from there is really going to be a function in the short-term where the economy is having, we see significant degradation to react to that or that isn't as bad will react there. So, it's hard to answer it. We go through that process every quarter in terms of looking at the economic scenario that's in front of us and what the potential for improvement or degradation is, and we make the call at the end of the quarter based on all that. So, the near term is really going to depend on where the economy shapes up. I would say that longer term, as we've been past the downturn, however long it might be, we do think that we will bring the reserve coverage down over time. It's just a question of the timing around that. And then year-end reserves that reflects this adjusted thinking in terms of the baseline economic scenario goes off in the comment and a problem.
Scott Siefers: Thank you and then its just actually a piggyback question. Just the expense guidance for the full-year. I'm presuming that includes the restructuring charges to which you alluded earlier. I know you said you're talking in more detail about those later, but do you have maybe an approximate level of what we might expect just to get a sense for what the sort of underlying expense growth might look like from here on out?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks, Scott, for asking the question. I want to take the opportunity to clarify. The guidance we've given is 2% to 4% growth in underlying core. And then on top of that, the run rate for Capstone, which is around $60 million plus the FDIC surcharge we estimate to be $33 million to be relatively precise about that. We have not yet fully sized the potential restructuring costs from the organizational alignment actions that Steve mentioned. So that is yet to be included in that guidance, just to put a very specific point on that. And there I don't expect it to be overly large, but we'll have to see, ultimately, it will be a function of a number of factors, including the final nature of the changes and importantly, as Steve noted, we're instituting a voluntary retirement program, which by a certain name has a function of employee selection and take up on their own and so they'll be some degree of variability until we have a sense of where that program lay in. So that -- more to come on that. There's a few opportunities during the first quarter for us to provide additional updates around the nature of the program and the size of our on and we intend to do that as we to get further out in the Q1.
Scott Siefers: Perfect.
Zach Wasserman: There's some pickup on that expense, that one-time expense that we would expect to see just in the run rate in 23, and there may be other things we can do to absorb that also not the forecast.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you all very much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I just want to push on the buybacks. You've got almost 9.5% CET1 capital. You've got very strong reserves. You got a very strong capital generation, solid loan growth, but not good at consumer a ton of capital, seem pretty confident on credit. So, I guess I'm just trying to better understand why you wouldn't buy back stock in the first half and then just to kind of throw it out there, it feels like the uncertainty might increase as we look to the back half. So, what would make you kind of more confident to buy back in the second half heading into maybe more macro uncertainty?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, Matt, it's a good question. I think just take a step back to probably to frame it. the expectation now as we get out over the course of the totality of '23 and certainly as we think about '24 and beyond to get back to a more normal mix overall payout ratios between dividends and share purchases and retaining capital to grow. And so, I think you could see this buyback is really just the program with the repurchase program as being indicative of that part of that, and I think a really healthy sign. And when we thought a little more tactically zooming in into the near term, I just really want to see the depth of the economic environment during the course of '23 before you make any substantive or significant commitments. And hopefully, the launch of that is understood. How long exactly does it take to get clarity to your point, is somewhat uncertain. I suspect we'll know a bit more over the course of Q1 and as we get into Q2. It's more resolved at that point than I think we'd be more active but still highly uncertain we'll have to see and be dynamic. But generally speaking, the size of the program was designed to keep us in the middle of our CET1 operating range over the course of the proceeding periods. And so that will be our plan to generally manage in that way. More clarity in the near term.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then as we think about potential uses of the capital besides buyback, just remind us your appetite for bolt-on deals and I guess, specifically within fees, right? Because we kind of step back right now in net interest income, maybe its not peaking, but its probably not going to be a key driver of growth as we get through this year and beyond? And I know you guys have been talking about kind of better balancing some of that fee mix over time. So, whats the appetite to do something, whether its small or maybe bigger than you find in the past?
Steve Steinour: Matt, its Steve. We are interested in building our fee income opportunities and net revenue stream. And so, if we can find things that we think make sense, that would enhance our current business lines and/or what we can offer to our customers, we would be interested. Just as last year, we were fortunate to get cash on the board and a fintech opinions [indiscernible] So well be looking at the as the year progresses, whether it makes sense to bolster the acquisition on the fee side of our businesses. But thats not sort of an intended set aside on that buyback conclusions that just related. Our capital priorities havent changed.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I will now turn the floor back to Mr. Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour : So, thank you very much for joining us today. As you know, we're very pleased with the record year for Huntington and a third straight quarter of record net income, fourth straight quarter of PPNR growth. We come into this year with a lot of momentum. We think we're well positioned to manage through a model recession, and we remain committed to and confident of our ability to continue creating value for our shareholders. And as a reminder, the Board executives, our colleagues are a top 10 shareholder collectively, reflecting our strong alignment, strong alignment with our shareholders. So, thank you for your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone, and good morning. Copies of the slides we will be referencing today can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and a replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer; Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A portion, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. We are extremely pleased to announce our third quarter results, which reflected adjusted net income of $575 million and represented another quarter of record earnings for the company. We continue to execute on our plan for 2022 and the business is performing very well despite macroeconomic uncertainties. We are seeing sustained demand from customers across the footprint, which is reflected in the robust pipelines and our growth trends. We are closely monitoring economic developments and continue to believe we are operating from a position of strength as we head into the fourth quarter and 2023. Now on to Slide 4. First, the performance in the third quarter was exceptional with our third consecutive quarter of record PPNR. Loan growth continued to be broad-based and combined with the benefit from higher interest rates, net interest income again expanded at a double-digit rate from the prior quarter and fee income also expanded sequentially. As a result of these factors, adjusted PPNR increased by 14% in the quarter. This performance was driven by execution of our revenue producing initiatives and reflected our continued disciplined expense management. Second, we delivered another quarter of sequential growth in average deposits driven by commercial. Third, we were pleased to drive double-digit annualized loan growth again this quarter. With this robust loan momentum and continued pipeline strength, we are optimizing asset growth at the margin to maximize the return profile as we enter the fourth quarter. Fourth, we are increasing our revenue and profitability guidance to incorporate the recent rate curve outlook. Zach will provide you with more details on that later. Finally, we are positioned very well for potential economic uncertainty with balance sheet strength, including higher capital levels and a reserve profile that is near the top of the peer group. Additionally, our profitability and return on capital outlook is expected to continue to support further building capital ratios. This places Huntington in a position of strength with an outlook that will continue to be guided by our disciplined approach to customer selection and our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite through the cycle. On Slide 5, let me share more details on our third quarter performance. As I mentioned earlier, we reported record net income, which reflects our earnings power and ability to generate sustained top-tier returns. We have positioned the company to benefit from higher interest rates with our asset sensitivity, and we continue to grow our fee income businesses. This level of robust revenue supports our continued investment in key strategic initiatives, which will sustain growth. Importantly, we remain committed to our disciplined expense management and guided by our commitment to positive operating leverage. Finally, as we previously delivered on the TCF integration program and cost savings, we remain focused on driving the incremental revenue opportunities from the acquisition. Let me provide a few updates on our progress to-date. We've added over 60 revenue-producing colleagues in Minnesota and Colorado to support wealth management, business banking, middle market and specialty banking. The commercial teams in the Twin Cities in Denver are continuing to gain traction, adding new customers and building pipelines. In addition to the expanding middle market teams, we are seeing accelerated loan growth in some of our specialty areas such as, health care and asset-based lending, where we have recently closed a handful of sizable new relationships in Colorado as a function of our expertise and local presence. We are also driving increased productivity from the acquired branches where we have grown primary banking relationships nearly every month since conversion. We believe this demonstrates relationship deepening and a positive reception to the Huntington product offerings. Our business banking expansion in Minnesota and Colorado is also showing substantial momentum. We're pleased to have already achieved the top three ranking or better for SBA lending, which were start-ups in both markets. The launch of Wealth Management in the Twin Cities continues to track better than our initial projections. The team has been fully built out, and we are pleased with the caliber of talent we were able to add in this market. While it's still early, the team is already contributing to relationship growth. Building pipelines reflect a significant customer opportunity even against a difficult market backdrop. Based on early successes we are seeing in the Twin Cities, we've expanded the wealth management business to Denver with key hires added during the third quarter. In our Asset Finance business, which includes equipment finance and distribution finance, which was formerly known as inventory finance, our teams continue to capitalize on the opportunities to harness the combined scale to better serve our customers. The business is significantly benefiting from that scale, driving increased momentum in client acquisition and deepening of existing relationships. We are now the fifth largest bank-owned equipment finance platform in the US, an increase from number seven only a year ago. These initiatives are ongoing, and we expect them to be a significant contributor to our growth over the longer term. We look forward to our Investor Day next month when we can spend more time on our overall business strategies as well as how these TCF revenue synergies factor into our consolidated outlook. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 7 provides highlights of our third quarter results. We reported GAAP and adjusted earnings per common share of $0.39. Return on tangible common equity or ROTCE, came in at 21.9% for the quarter. Adjusted for notable items, ROTCE was 22.2%. As you saw on slide 4, if you were to normalize TCE for the non-cash accounting impact of other accumulated comprehensive income that arises from unrealized losses on our AFS securities portfolio, our ROTCE would have been 18.6%. We are pleased with the sustained momentum in our loan balances, with total loans increasing by $3 billion and excluding PPP, loans increasing by $3.3 billion. Total average deposits also increased $1 billion quarter-over-quarter and $3.7 billion year-over-year. This growth reflects the focus on primary bank relationships. Pre-provision net revenue expanded sequentially by 17% from last quarter to $857 million. Credit quality remained strong with net charge-offs of 15 basis points and non-performing assets declining to 53 basis points. Slide 8 shows our continued trajectory of PPNR expansion. We expect Q4 to be another strong quarter as we drive sustainable profitability and highlight the earnings power of the company, supported by organic growth initiatives and harnessing the benefits from the TCF acquisition. We remain committed to our long track record of managing to positive operating leverage even as we continue to invest in the business. Turning to slide 9. Average loan balances increased 2.6% quarter-over-quarter, totaling $117 billion. Excluding PPP, total loan balances increased $3.3 billion, or 2.9% driven by both commercial and consumer loans. Within commercial, excluding PPP, average loans increased by $2 billion or 3.3% from the prior quarter. These results were supported by broad-based demand across our commercial businesses that is fueling robust new production. Line utilization remained relatively stable during the quarter on a core C&I basis, while we saw higher balances within distribution finance. Asset Finance, which includes equipment finance and distribution finance, contributed with balances higher by $1 billion. This included $300 million from distribution finance during the quarter. Commercial real estate balances also increased by $800 million. Commercial growth continued in our middle market, corporate and specialty banking segments, which collectively increased by $200 million during the quarter. In Consumer, growth was led by residential mortgage, which increased by $1 billion, driven by slowing prepays and higher mix of on-balance sheet loan production. We also saw steady growth in our vehicle finance business. Turning to slide 10. We delivered average deposit growth of $1 billion. Deposit growth was led by commercial, up $1.4 billion. This expansion reflects our initiatives to drive primary bank relationships and new customer acquisition. We remain disciplined on deposit pricing, with our total cost of deposits coming in at 25 basis points for the third quarter. On slide 11, we reported another quarter of sequential expansion of both net interest income and NIM. Core net interest income, excluding PPP and purchase accounting accretion, increased by $148 million, or 12% to $1.392 billion. Net interest margin increased primarily driven by higher earning asset yields as a result of our asset sensitivity position. Slide 12 highlights Huntington's deposit pricing discipline. Our low deposit rate relative to the third quarter of 2015 along with an improved funding profile gives us the flexibility to remain disciplined on deposit pricing. For the third quarter, we have started to see our average cost of deposits tick-up as expected. We are remaining dynamic in this environment. We continue to manage the portfolio at a very granular and segmented level to ensure pricing discipline and with a focus on growing the primary bank relationships that bring lower-cost deposits. Turning to Slide 13. We have been dynamically managing the balance sheet against the volatile rate backdrop. This quarter, we continued to execute on our hedging strategy to manage possible downside rate risks over the longer-term, while positioning ourselves to benefit from higher expected rates in the short-term. In Q3, we increased our downside protection by executing a net $6.6 billion of received fixed swaps and $2 billion of callers. We will be proactive in managing our downside risk, while closely monitoring the rate outlook. Our expectation is to continue to deploy downside hedging strategies over the coming months. Additionally, we are actively managing the securities portfolio to both capture the benefit from higher rates over time and protect tangible capital. We maintained the proportion of securities in held to maturity, flat during the quarter and our reinvesting securities portfolio cash flows at rates above portfolio yields. Moving to Slide 14. Non-interest income was $498 million, up $13 million from last quarter. We drove record activity within our capital markets businesses during the quarter, with revenues increasing $19 million, which includes the full quarter impact from Capstone. Capstone's deal pipeline is healthy, and we expect it to contribute to additional growth in the fourth quarter. We remain pleased with the client engagement we are seeing in the wealth management business with positive net asset flows year-to-date. The momentum in net flows has been outweighed by market-based changes in assets under management, resulting in lower overall revenue. Deposit service charges were also lower by $12 million reflecting the expected $9 million impact from Fair Play enhancements that were implemented in July. Our outlook for the impact of these fee adjustments is unchanged from prior guidance. Our Fair Play philosophy is at the center of our strategy and is directly aligned with our mission of looking out for people. We believe the effect of Fair Play continues to be a compelling value proposition for our customers and supports sustainable growth for the bank. Fee revenues were also impacted this quarter by a decline in mortgage banking driven by a lower return on our MSR asset and lower saleable spreads. Moving on to Slide 15. Non-interest expense increased $35 million from the prior quarter. Aligned to our prior guidance, core expenses, excluding notable items, increased $49 million to $1.043 billion. This increase was mainly driven by the full quarter impact from Capstone and Torana. It also included additional compensation expenses related to the strong revenue and production we are seeing in 2022, and impacts from Merit and day count. The underlying expense run rate remains very well controlled. Our efficiency ratio, which is an outcome of our revenue drivers and expense management activities came in at 54.4% on a reported basis and adjusted for notable items was 53.9% for the quarter. On an adjusted basis, this reflects a decrease of 210 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Slide 16 recaps our capital position. Common equity Tier 1 ended the quarter at 9.3% within our targeted operating range of 9% to 10%. As we go forward, our capital priorities remain unchanged with our first priority to fund organic loan growth. With the robust return on equity, we are generating from our core assets, we are deploying our incremental capital to fund organic growth and drive CET1 toward the middle of our target operating range by year-end. Our tangible common equity ratio, or TCE, declined to 5.3% as a result of AOCI marks on the securities portfolio. Recall, this temporarily reduces equity as value marks are taken and then accretes back over time. Importantly, this does not impact our regulatory capital ratios. Our TCE ratio, excluding the AOCI impact, increased 19 basis points to 7.2%. Finally, our dividend yield remains well above the median in our peer group at 4.5%. On slide 17, credit quality continues to perform very well. As mentioned, net charge-offs were 15 basis points for the quarter. This was higher than last quarter by 12 basis points and down five basis points from the prior year. Our consumer and commercial portfolios continue to demonstrate stability and credit quality. Nonperforming assets declined from the previous quarter and have reduced for five consecutive quarters. Criticized loans have reduced both from the prior quarter and prior year. Allowance for credit losses was up two basis points to 1.89% of total loans, reflecting a conservative reserve posture given the heightened economic uncertainty, even as our internal portfolio metrics show stability. Turning to slide 18. Let me update our latest forecast for Q4. Our guidance assumes the consensus economic outlook through year-end and incorporates the rate curve as of the end of September. Our loan growth guidance remains unchanged at high single-digit growth rate on a year-over-year basis. We are currently tracking toward the higher end of this range. As a result of balance sheet growth and the rate curve outlook, we are again revising guidance higher for net interest income. We now expect core net interest income on a dollar basis, excluding PPP and purchase accounting accretion to be up in the high 20s to low 30s percentage growth rate for the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. In fee income, we now expect it to be down low single digits for the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. This guidance is reduced from a prior level. We continue to see encouraging trends in core strategic growth areas within fees, namely our capital markets, wealth and advisory and payments businesses and the prior trends we have been seeing in other major fee lines, including mortgage, are within expected levels. The change in our guidance is related to the decision to hold on sheet, the guaranteed portion of our SBA loan production. Market sale premiums for those assets have reduced and it is now more advantageous for us to hold that production on sheet in Q4, as opposed to selling. We will forgo an acceleration of fees this quarter, but benefit from higher spread income out into 2023 and beyond. We believe this is a good economic return, but will cause fee recognition in Q4 to be lower than prior expectations. On expenses, our expectation is for core expenses to be up low single digits in the fourth quarter compared to the prior quarter. We continue to maintain tight control of underlying core expenses, while also seeing some impacts from compensation driven by the strong performance and profitability we are seeing in our 2022 results. Given the higher earnings, we now expect our tax rate to be approximately 19%. Finally, before we move to Q&A, I'd like to end with a few key points. As Steve mentioned earlier, our business is performing exceptionally well right now with solid momentum in the underlying drivers and expanding profitability. We also continue to see strength in our customer trends, where they appear to be managing through the environment well and with solid credit performance. Notwithstanding these clear positives, we are mindful of the heightened uncertainty and risks in the environment. We are closely monitoring the impacts from persistently high inflation, rising interest rates, geopolitical instability and market volatility. The cone of uncertainty around the near-term economic environment has widened and the probability of a recession is increasing. A bedrock part of the way we manage our business is to be dynamic to ensure we have game plans ready and are positioned; to act to manage through a multitude of scenarios while sustaining top-tier performance; and as always, we are guided by our moderate to low risk appetite through the cycle. We are operating from a position of strength, and we are confident in our ability to successfully manage a range of economic environments. We're looking forward to hosting many of you at our upcoming Investor Day on Thursday, November 10, in New York City and via webcast. We are excited to share more about our strategic growth objectives and our targets to continue to drive top performance and value creation over the years to come. With that, we will conclude our prepared remarks and move to Q&A. Tim, over to you.
Tim Sedabres: Thanks, Zack. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Operator: This time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good morning. Thanks for all the time this morning. What I wanted to just dig into is how we should be thinking about momentum into 2023 from a loan growth perspective. You've got accelerating growth there, and you've got some NIM benefits that are coming from the mix shift. And I just wanted to understand the dynamic as we should be thinking about loan growth versus peak NIM given in particular the hedges that you're adding? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Great question. Thank you. This is Zach. I'll take that. I think, in terms of loan growth, we continue to see quite a bit of momentum as we discussed in the prepared remarks, even as we're taking opportunities here in the fourth quarter to optimize where we're driving that incremental production for higher capital returns. And so expect to see continued momentum into the fourth quarter and that will continue into 2023. Notwithstanding the economic uncertainty, we continue to see demand from our clients and pipelines that even as they're pulling through are refilling and so that indicates continued momentum out into 2023 and beyond. And I think as we drive that, we'll also benefit from higher asset yields to the point of your question, and that will support expanding NIM here into the fourth quarter in the near term.
Betsy Graseck: And the hedge impact, can you just talk through how we should be thinking about that as we go -- migrate through the next four quarters to eight quarters?
Zach Wasserman: Sure. As it relates to hedging, we  sort of taking a step back, we purposely took a series of actions in 2021 as we discussed to increase the asset sensitivity of the business, and to benefit from higher rates that really or through over the course of the last several quarters, just in Q2 and Q3 of this year, 55 basis points of total core NIM expansion and there's more opportunity ahead. The strategy that we're working through is really based on history, where if you look at the long-term history around rate cycles, typically medium to long-term rates begin to fall right at the peak of the Fed hiking cycle. And so even as we're continuing to benefit from our asset sensitivity over the course of the early part of this year, we have been adding incrementally to the downside hedge protection portfolio, so as to protect against potential downside rate scenarios in 2023, 2024, 2025 and beyond. At this point, we've completed around 60% of that total potential capacity for hedging, which based on what we've done so far, would protect around to 35% to 45% of NIM in down ramp scenarios out into those years that I mentioned. From here, I expect to stay asset sensitive, and that will, based on our expectations, drive additional NIM expansion into Q4. Even as we're continuing likely to continue to add to that hedge portfolio here over the next over the coming months, staying dynamic, walk through of interest rates, but continuing to protect against that downside. So the net of those things should support continued loan growth, as I said, and help to protect and maintain really strong levels of NIM as we go forward.
Betsy Graseck: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. So Zach, appreciate the comments on NII into the fourth quarter. So the guidance indeed looks like another step-up that the growth rate will moderate as one might expect. Once we are, sort of, done with the Fed's tightening cycle? And maybe, if you can just comment, or give your thoughts around the ability to sustain positive NII momentum after that's all finished. It sounds like certainly the volume side sounds pretty optimistic, but we would just be curious to hear your thoughts on the puts and takes?
Zach Wasserman: Yeah. Yeah, it's a great question. And I think that, the model will be that sustained growth rate in loans, coupled with the rising in the near-term and then stable NIM out into the future to really drive sustained continued growth in NII on a dollar basis. The trajectory around NIM in 2023 is very much a function of what happens with the economy, clearly and where the rate curve is trending. So it's  I won't give you a clear guidance at this point. We'll talk more about that as we engage in future sessions, but our expectation is that 2023 will look quite good from a NIM perspective and that the volume growth will really support sustained continued growth in NII.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thank you. And then if I could switch gears to the expense side for a moment. The cost base maybe a little higher than I would have expected into the fourth quarter, are the compensation pressures, will those sort of  I mean, are those related to just the strong earnings performance for this year? Will those  that base that we've got in the fourth quarter continue into next year as well. In other words, there's some of the transitory versus ongoing?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. It's a good question. Really, that -- the portion of expenses in the third quarter that we're calling out is compensation related or really are, in fact, related to the exceptionally strong levels of production and revenue and ultimately profitability we're seeing in 2022. And our baseline posture for expense management at this point is to be keeping the core underlying growth of expenses very well controlled and at a low level. The model, as we've talked about, quite a bit over time is for us to self-fund investments in our strategic initiatives, execution on the TCF revenue synergies and our continued technology development program by driving efficiencies in the core operating expense base of the company through scale, process, automation, et cetera. An indication of that is we're continuing to optimize our branch network. We just announced a week or so ago, another 31 branch closures that will be implemented in the early part of next year, and that's just sort of how we'll drive that efficiency to continue to keep expenses growing at a low level and of course, drive positive operating leverage as we go forward. So that's the run rate that we see as we get out into 2023. And of course, we'll provide more clear guidance as we get closer to the beginning of next year.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. All right. Thank you very much. I appreciate the time.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning everyone.
Steve Steinour : Good morning, Steven.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start on the deposit side. So in the quarter, you grew average loans by $3 billion, but deposits by $1 billion, and we saw a mix shift out of non-interest-bearing into brokered that -- what do you see as a risk of non-interest-bearing outflows, right? Talk about the funding strategy? And where do you see the mix evolving to?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. It's a really good question, and it's obviously a key area of considerable focus. We really like the results we're seeing on the deposit side in Q3 and solid execution of our strategy of driving toward primary bank relationships and operating accounts, even as we're staying very dynamic and really managing interest expense and the trajectory on that exceptionally closely. What I expect into the fourth quarter is more of the same. So I expect to see deposits grow into the fourth quarter commercial led -- and even as, of course, beta and interest expense costs are beginning now to tick up as we go into the fourth quarter, just kind of taking a step back in terms of the overall funding mix to the point of your question. As we see it, we're starting this cycle and beginning into the early stages of it from a really solid position relative to cycles. The loan-to-deposit ratio is relatively low. Non-customer sources of funding are also relatively low. And that leaves us in a good position to leverage diversified funding sources to fund that we've got. Of course, deposits are the core and that's why we're pleased that they're growing. But we do have the opportunity to leverage short-term and long-term other sources of funding, which we'll do in a diversified way to balance the funding sources, and to be frank, to put good tension in the system to really support our disciplined approach to pricing and deposit growth over time. And so that's the model that we'll use. And I think as we go out into the future, we'll see that balance of funding.
Steven Alexopoulos: That's helpful. And then to follow up. So based on the ranges that you're giving for the updated fourth quarter guidance, we can get to a scenario where NIM is flat or even down a little bit in the quarter -- fourth quarter. Could you frame for us how much NIM expansion you're thinking about for 4Q? And was your answer to Scott's question that you think NIM could hold flattish next year? Is that the base case? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. So, I do expect to see NIM expansion into the fourth quarter. It won't be at the same rate that we've seen for the last couple of quarters, but I do think, we'll see that continue to expand into the fourth quarter. As we go into 2023, what happens kind of over the longer term out into the back half of '23 is really going to be a function of where we see the yield curve going and the economy as I mentioned. And so, you could see stability, you could see some downdraft. We'll see. I think it's going to be a function of those drivers. With that being said, our focus, as I said before, is really on growing net interest income on a dollar basis. And I think the loan growth we're bringing through will help to sustain and support that over time.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks. Steve, that deserves some type of award for the way he has managed this balance sheet so far in this environment. Thanks for taking my questions.
Steve Steinour: Thank you. It's a team effort, but appreciate the recognition.
Zach Wasserman: It's also early innings. Thank you.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks, good morning. Zach, if I could follow up on the securities book. I was wondering, if you could just help us understand how the paid fixed, receive variable swaps have helped the securities book, noting that your yields were up 50 basis points in that book this quarter on top of a prior 50 basis points. It seems like you're really getting that extra juice off the securities book. So, can you kind of just help us understand like what's -- how long does that help you for on that swap side? And then, what are you expecting just the overall size of the book to look like going forward? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Great question. In terms of size, we think the securities portfolio is rightsized with respect to the size of the balance sheet at this point. It's about 24% of total assets, 26% of earning assets. And I expected to say, proportionately the same -- at the same level for the foreseeable future. It's -- we're essentially managing it for our liquidity as a corporation at this point. In terms of yields, we did see a 50 basis point increase in portfolio yield into the third quarter, which was obviously very helpful for NIM. If I was to reconcile that for you, about 30 basis points of that 50 was from the hedge portfolio. Just under 10 basis points was from the impact of new money yields coming in during the quarter and the remainder of roughly 11 basis points was driven by a reduction in premium amortization. I expect that we'll continue to see rising yields out of the securities portfolio, partly as a function of that just continued reduction in premium amort, the hedge portfolio should continue to benefit us as well as the rate curve has ticked up just a bit incrementally from the end of the third quarter here and new money yields are pretty attractive relative to existing portfolio yield. To give you a sense, team is currently investing somewhere between 5.15% and 5.35% yields here as we enter October. So that will continue to be accretive to yield as we go forward.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And just to follow up, I'll ask on that, just then, Zach, that 30 basis points help like. How long is that helper in that part of the portfolio, the swaps on the securities book? How long does that carry forward for?
Zach Wasserman: It will continue to carry forward for a while here. The tenure of those are multiple years. And so we'll obviously have to see where the trajectory of the yield curve goes to the extent to they drive incremental benefit on a quarter-to-quarter basis, but they will protect us for some time to come to the extent that rates keep rising.
Ken Usdin: Right. Okay. Thank you, Zach. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom: Thanks. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Steve or Rich, can you talk a little bit about how you're balancing growth with -- I think, Steve, your comment was potential economic uncertainty. Your numbers look clean, but you did have a higher provision and you took your reserves up a little bit. So talk a little bit about credit, and Rich, maybe give us some help on what you're thinking on provision and reserves.
Zach Wasserman: Let me start, and I'll turn it over to Rich, John. Thanks for the question. First of all, credit was really good again this quarter, and we feel very, very good about our position. We talked about it internally being a strong position that we're playing from and you'll hear us occasionally reference it externally as well. Balanced book, balanced portfolio, lot of discipline about aggregate moderate to low-risk appetite over many years, you've seen our credit metrics quarter-over-quarter on the consumer side, super prime. It's -- we're feeling -- obviously, we're feeling very good about it. Obviously, we're working it diligently. There's a lot of portfolio review that's very active portfolio management underway constantly, and the teams are doing a great job. So now that I've stole most of Rich's thunder, let me turn it over to Rich.
Rich Pohle: I was going to say there's not a whole lot to add there. But as Steve mentioned, I mean, the credit looks really good. We've got eight basis points of charge-offs for the year in crit-class and NPAs are both trending down for several quarters. With respect to the increase in the reserve coverage, I mean, the allowance went up by $64 million in the quarter, and most of that was coming from loan growth. So we've taken this consistently a prudent approach since -- to our ACL since COVID came in 2020. And we think that we've got a good position of strength right now heading into a possible downturn. You know, as it relates to how we're managing the growth versus where we are in the cycle, I mean, we are fundamentally laser-focused on client selection, and we underwrite our clients at all times to how do they perform through the cycle. And clearly, with one coming up potentially, we're paying heightened attention to that. But we're always sensitizing for higher rates for stress with inflation and other variables as we underwrite our credits, and that's not changing. So we feel that we can grow the balance sheet and grow it prudently, and we'll move forward from there. So we feel good about where we are.
Jon Arfstrom: Just as a follow-up on client selection of your comment. Can you talk a little bit about the consumer as well? I mean, your numbers are incredibly clean, but are you expecting some deterioration there over time or just give us your overall thoughts there, Rich?
Rich Pohle: Yes. We are expecting it. And really, when you talk about deterioration, I mean, you are coming off a very low base, right? With all the stimulus money that came into the system in 2020 and into 2021. The levels of delinquencies and the level of charge-offs are really unsustainable. So what we're looking at is more of a return to normal. We're closely watching the early-stage delinquencies and they're exactly where we thought they would be. I mean, they are up off of those historic lows. But if you go back and you look at where delinquencies would have been in 2018 and 2019, we're not at those more normal levels. And with respect to charge-offs, we've had net recoveries in many of our consumer portfolios in the first, second and even into the third quarter. And we do expect over time that those are going to return to the norm. But right now, we feel very good about where the consumer book is positioned.
John Arfstrom: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is coming from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I guess, following up on the last question first. Specifically, on indirect auto, I mean, we're seeing some pockets of, I guess, stress last normalization elsewhere. I think your mix is a lot different and just so much higher quality, you've been so consistent. Obviously, you had just like $3 million of losses. But specifically, Derek, can you talk about what you're seeing and if there's any changes that you're making either on the origination side, or I guess, we're hearing about collections being tricky as well? Thanks.
Rich Pohle: Hey, Matt, it's Rich. I'll take that. So as we've been in this business for 75 years, and we've been through all sorts of cycles and as you know, our model is one of focusing on prime and super prime customers. And one of the benefits that we've developed over time is the ability to put in highly predictive custom scorecards with response to fall expectations. So we're underwriting to not getting the car back in the first place. And we are mindful of the fact that used car prices are coming down, and we build that into our decisioning. If you look on slide 37 of the earnings deck, you'll see that, while we're maintaining really strong FICOs and custom scorecard ratings, our LTVs have come down steadily since the third quarter of 2020. And so we've got a very disciplined and sophisticated underwriting approach, and the fact that we're, I think, prudently bringing the LTVs down over time speaks well to how that folk is going to perform. It's a core competency of the bank. We are  expect the charge-offs to return to normal. But for right now, we're enjoying what we think is a really strong core competency that we bring to that business.
Steve Steinour: Even the normal  that is on a comparative basis to the industry is just excellent. So we underwrite for roughly 20, 25 bps of loss and obviously, we're not seeing that now.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. That's helpful. And then just separately, you care to give us maybe a 30-second kind of preview of the Investor Day in terms of what you're looking to accomplish. You talked about strategic update and financial targets, but anything you want to give a full review of? Thanks 
Zach Wasserman: Sure. This is Zach. I'll take that one. Thanks for serving up that question. We are really excited about the opportunity to engage on November 10, Thursday in New York City and via webcast for Investor Day. We've got quite a robust agenda planned. We'll go through each of our major business lines, each of our key functions like credit and risk management, and human resources, and we'll share kind of an overview, not only of the strategy generally, but also what our updated long-term expectations are for financial performance and kind of the road map for us to get there. So it's going to be a robust discussion. And I think will serve as a great launching off point for a series of additional conversations thereafter. So really excited about it and look forward to three weeks from now.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thanks. See you there.
Steve Steinour: See you.
Operator: Thank you. We do have a question coming from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian : Hi. Good morning.
Steve Steinour : Good morning, Erika.
Zach Wasserman : Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: My first question was for Steve. And Steve, I was laughing at your response to Steven Alexopoulos' comment is classic. Your efficiency ratio medium-term target is 56% and obviously, with the help of your -- the business strengths and rates went down to 54% in the quarter. And I'm wondering if the medium-term range still holds in that you'll look to continue to reinvest back in the business, especially as rates are helping the denominator side of that equation.
Steve Steinour : Erika, if we could defer that question to Investor Day, I would be very pleased, but I also very much appreciate the inquiry.
Erika Najarian: Got it. I tried.
Steve Steinour : I can see that. You certainly did.
Erika Najarian: Second question is a follow-up for Zach. I'm going to ask Steve's question another way. I think it was -- I saw it as an accomplishment that your period end deposits grew and you kept your cost of deposits to 25 bps, well below where I think everybody was expecting to go -- so as we think about your outlook for good loan growth and some NII growth next year, how should we think about deposit growth from here? I fully understand your message that you never got to search deposits in the first place. But how should we think about core deposit growth outside of mix shift. And additionally, how you're thinking about the terminal deposit beta from here?
Zach Wasserman : Sure. It's a great question, Erika, and let me see if I can expand on some of that. So in terms of deposits, our expectation is to grow core deposits into the fourth quarter, as I mentioned earlier, commercial led commercial just continues to perform very well. I think we're really benefiting from all of the investments that we've made to expand the strength of the team and expertise and capabilities, not to mention the boost around TCF synergies, which are really contributing. And so that will be the core driver into Q4. What's interesting on the consumer side, I do expect to see some continued downdraft in consumer core into the fourth quarter, but actually pretty encouraging underlying trends. What's happening in consumer is a bit of a tale of two cities where the underlying trend in customer acquisition, household acquisition and primary bank relationship growth and the deepening efforts that we've got both in our offline channels and increasingly now on the digital channels are really working. And we're seeing nice expanding deposit gathering from those activities. What's offsetting that is what we -- the well documented phenomenon of the elevated level of savings and so-called surge deposits from the COVID area -- era are running down. And the net of those two things has been a modest reduction over the last several quarters. I expect that to continue into the fourth quarter before that -- the surge balance, a downdraft sort of start to wane and the underlying growth that we're seeing in that core activity within consumer start to come to the fore. And so, we're encouraged about the longer-term trends in consumer. And as I look out over the 2023 period, I expect to see deposit growth. We'll continue to see commercial probably growing faster, but consumer contributing with net positive growth. As it relates to beta, we'll see. I think, we're pretty sanguine on this point that we've seen low deposit beta thus far, and I think that's been shared very much across the industry and a number of the peers have seen that through the third quarter. The market is becoming more active, as I said earlier, in the back half of Q3 and continuing now into Q4. So I expect to see beta rising in the fourth quarter. It's kind of as we expected, so not overly different than what we've been planning for all along, but that is trending. Where it ultimately goes, in my opinion, is a bit theoretical. Everything continues to track generally to our plan thus far. But where we're focused is on our strategy, drive the primary bank and operating account relationships, stay very rigorous in terms of the detailed management and very dynamic in watching the market and ultimately ensure that we can keep supporting our customers and growing those relationships, which so far has been working, and that's what we'll keep doing.
Erika Najarian: Thanks. See you in three weeks.
Zach Wasserman: Looking forward to it, Erika.
Steve Steinour: Thanks.
End of Q&A:
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to turn the floor over to Mr. Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: Well, thank you for joining us today. This was a tremendous quarter for all of us at Huntington. We're very pleased to see our second straight quarter of record net income and third straight quarter of record PPNR. We believe we're well positioned to manage through the current uncertain economic outlook. We remain committed to and we're confident of our ability to continue to create value for our shareholders. And just as a reminder, the Board executives and our colleagues, we're a top 10 shareholder collectively, reflecting our strong alignment with shareholders. So thank you for your support and interest today, and we hope we'll see many of you in three weeks. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-21 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Mr. Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone, and good morning. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing today can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As reminder, this call is being recorded, and a replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A. As noted on slide two, today's discussion, including the Q&A portion, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks, and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings. With that, let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Tim. Good morning and welcome. Thank you for joining the call today. Our outstanding second quarter results reflect momentum across the bank as we completed the integration of TCF. While 2022 continues to bring its own set of unique challenges, our businesses are performing very well. Overall, the companies in our markets are in good shape and continue to evidence demand for loans to support business investment and expansion. Consumers are generally maintaining liquidity. Much of the government and municipal stimulus funds are yet to be invested. Importantly, Huntington and the banking industry remain very well-positioned to withstand the current volatility. Now on to slide four. First, our performance in the second quarter was exceptional, with record net income and PPNR. Our focused execution is driving these robust results and leading returns. Loan growth continued in the quarter as we saw higher balances in nearly every portfolio across our commercial and consumer businesses. Higher loan growth paired with the benefit from higher interest rates contributed to expanded net interest income. Second, we're pleased to deliver average deposit growth quarter-over-quarter in our commercial and consumer businesses. The focus remains on growing primary bank relationships, while maintaining a disciplined deposit pricing strategy. Third, we achieved our target for core expenses below the $1 billion level as we completed the TCF cost synergy program. Fourth, we delivered on our medium-term financial goals this quarter earlier than previously guided. Finally, we posted record low net charge-offs this quarter and overall credit quality remains exceptional. This reflects our disciplined approach to customer selection and our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite through the cycle. While we acknowledge the potential for uncertainty, to-date, we are not seeing substantive areas of concern within our loan portfolios. On slide five, let me share more detail on our second quarter performance. Robust loan growth, higher net interest income, and expense reductions supported our record PPNR, which increased 17% from the prior quarter. Average loan balances, excluding PPP, grew 10% on an annualized basis and are tracking to our expectations. While growing deposits, we are maintaining deposit pricing discipline in the face of a rising rate environment. We were also honored to be once again recognized by J.D. Power for the number one mobile app amongst regional banks. This marks the fourth consecutive year earning the top rank. Last month, we announced the formation of an enterprise-wide payments organization, led by a dedicated payments executive. This initiative reflects our strategic priority to accelerate our payments capabilities, expand the services we provide to our customers and drive additional fee revenues. In May, we announced the acquisition of Torana, now known as Huntington Choice Pay, which is a payment business focused on providing business to consumer payment services. On the commercial side, we continue to see traction in our treasury management initiatives with revenues growing 12% annualized this quarter. On the consumer side, we launched an enhanced cash back credit card offering late in the first quarter and results so far have exceeded our expectations. We are driving organic growth opportunities by providing enhanced product offerings to the TCF customer base and growing share of wallet. We completed the acquisition of Capstone last month, which adds a top-tier middle market investment bank and advisory firm bolstering our capital markets capabilities. We are pleased with the early contribution from our new colleagues, who added $4 million of capital market fees in the last two weeks of the quarter post closing. Looking forward, we see significant revenue synergies within our customer base as well. Turning to slide 6. We extended our track record of modeled credit outperformance in the recent CCAR stress test results. This year's process included the acquired TCF loan portfolios and the results did not materially change our model performance relative to peers. This highlighted the robust credit strength of Huntington's balance sheet, which has continued to outperform peer median benchmarks in every CCAR cycle since 2015. Finally, I want to highlight the accomplishments of the TCF combination. It's been just over a year since we closed on the acquisition. And since then, we've delivered on the commitments we shared at announcement. We closed quickly in under six months and converted systems just four months later. We delivered the cost synergies earlier than guided. The pace of digital investment spend has doubled from the prior run rate, accelerating our digital initiatives. We've delivered leading financial performance, which is evident in our results this quarter. Finally, we are capturing incremental opportunities from the addition of key markets and capabilities through our revenue synergy initiatives. Over the past year, we've added over 50 revenue-producing colleagues in Minnesota and Colorado to support wealth management, business banking, middle market and specialty banking. The middle market teams in the Twin Cities and Denver are growing relationships, increasing loans and deposit production. We're also seeing increased productivity from the acquired branches and a positive reception to the Huntington product offerings and customer service experience. Our business banking expansion in the Twin Cities and Denver is also showing substantial momentum, where we are pleased to have already achieved a top five ranking for SBA lending in both markets. We've seen early traction from our wealth management launch in the Twin Cities with AUM building year-to-date. As a result of this success, we've replicated that approach in Denver, and we've hired an experienced leader and other new colleagues to build out our capabilities. As for our inventory and equipment finance businesses, the teams continue to capitalize on the opportunities to harness the combined scale to better serve our clients. Today, we are the seventh largest bank-owned national platform, and I expect that ranking to increase based on the momentum we are experiencing. These initiatives are ongoing, and we expect them to contribute to our growth over multiple years. We are well positioned to grow shareholder value. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide eight provides highlights of our second quarter results. We reported earnings per common share of $0.35. Adjusted for notable items, earnings per common share were $0.36. Return on tangible common equity, or ROTCE, came in at 19.9% for the quarter. Adjusted for notable items, ROTCE was 20.6%. We were pleased to see sustained momentum in our loan balances with total loans increasing by $2.8 billion. And excluding PPP, loans increased by $3.3 billion. Total average deposits also increased, with growth in both consumer and commercial balances. Pre-provision net revenue expanded sequentially and grew 17% from last quarter. Consistent with our plan, we reduced core expenses below our target of $1 billion, driven by the realization of cost synergies. Credit quality was exceptional, with record low net charge-offs of 3 basis points and nonperforming assets reduced to 59 basis points. Slide nine shows our continued trajectory of PPNR expansion. We see 2022 coming together quite well, as we drive sustainable profitability and highlight the earnings power of the company, supported by our organic growth initiatives and harnessing the benefits from the TCF acquisition. We remain committed to our long track record of managing to positive operating leverage, with disciplined expense management, even as we continue to invest in the business. Turning to slide 10. Average loan balances increased 2.5% quarter-over-quarter, totaling $113.9 billion. Excluding PPP, total loan balances increased $3.3 billion or 3%, driven by commercial and consumer loans. Within commercial, excluding PPP, average loans increased by $2 billion or 3.3% from the prior quarter. These results were supported by broad-based demand across commercial lending that is driving robust new production. Line utilization remained relatively stable during the quarter on a core C&I basis, while we saw higher balances within our inventory finance business. Commercial growth was led by middle market, corporate and specialty banking, which collectively increased by $746 million during the quarter. Asset finance contributed meaningfully with balances higher by $497 million. Inventory finance continues to rebuild towards a more normalized level, with average balances up $383 million during the quarter. Commercial real estate balances also increased by $213 million. Auto dealer floor plan balances were relatively stable, increasing by $45 million, as supply chain constraints continue to dampen inventory levels. In Consumer, growth was led by residential mortgage, which increased by $1 billion, driven by slower prepays and higher mix of on-balance sheet loan production. We also saw steady growth in RV/Marine and indirect auto. Average home equity balances declined by $41 million. However, we were pleased to see end-of-period balance growth, driven by robust new production of first-lien refinance products. Turning to slide 11. We delivered average deposit growth of $2.1 billion. Deposit growth was led by commercial, with deposits up $2.1 billion, while consumer balances increased by $500 million from the prior quarter. This growth reflects our initiatives to drive primary bank relationships and new customer acquisition across the bank. We remain disciplined on deposit pricing, with our total cost of deposits coming in at just 7 basis points for the second quarter. On slide 12, we reported another quarter of sequential expansion of both net interest income and NIM. Core net interest income, excluding PPP and purchase accounting accretion, increased by $125 million or 11% to $1.244 billion. Consistent with our prior guidance, net interest margin increased driven by higher earning asset yields as a result of our asset sensitivity position and lower Fed cash balances. Slide 13 highlights Huntington's deposit pricing discipline. We have a long history of managing through cycles, and we believe our deposit base today is even stronger, than it was starting the last tightening cycle. For the second quarter, we have seen little change to our average cost of deposits, given the timing of rapid Fed rate moves occurring later in the quarter. That said, we are remaining dynamic in this environment. We are managing the portfolio at a very granular and segmented level, client by client in many cases, to ensure pricing discipline and growing the primary bank relationships to bring lower-cost operational deposits. Turning to Slide 14. We are managing the balance sheet in order to position ourselves to benefit from higher expected rates in the short-term, while also being judicious on managing possible downside rate risks over the longer term. We continued to execute on our hedging strategy during the second quarter, and increased our downside protection by executing a net $3.3 billion of received fixed swaps. Our expectation is to continue to add to this hedging program during the third quarter. Additionally, we are managing the securities portfolio to both capture the benefit from higher rates over time, as well as protect capital. We increased the proportion of securities and held to maturity during the quarter and our reinvesting securities portfolio cash flows at rates well above portfolio yields. Moving to Slide 15. Non-interest income was $485 million, up $41 million year-over-year and down $14 million from last quarter. We saw record activity, within our capital markets business during the quarter, which drove revenues up $12 million from prior quarter. Additionally, we saw expansion in our cards and payments revenues and deposit service charges. Fee revenues were impacted this quarter by lower gain on sale from SBA loan sales, as we sold less balances in the second quarter compared to the prior quarter. Recall, we restarted our normal SBA loan sales earlier this year. And while loan production remains robust, this quarter's gain on sale is generally aligned to our go-forward expectations. Fees were also impacted by a decline in mortgage banking as volumes continue to normalize from the exceptionally strong levels seen last year and due to lower saleable spreads. While we are pleased with the sales and client engagement traction in our Wealth Management business, we saw lower overall revenues as market-based AUM changes outweighed continued momentum in net asset flows. Moving on to Slide 16. Non-interest expense declined $35 million from the prior quarter. Excluding notable items, core expenses, declined by $13 million to $994 million as we completed the cost savings from the acquisition and achieved our targeted expense level. Our efficiency ratio, which is an outcome of our revenue drivers and expense management activities, came in at 57% on a reported basis, and adjusted for notable items was 56% for the quarter, in line with our medium-term target.  Slide 17, recaps our capital position. Common equity Tier 1 ended the quarter at 9.1% and within our target operating range of 9% to 10%. As we go forward, our capital priorities remain unchanged with our first priority to fund organic loan growth. Our expectation is that given the strong sustained levels of loan growth, buybacks will be de minimis, if any, for the remainder of the year. With the robust return on equity we are generating, we expect to be able to fund this organic growth and see capital ratios move higher over the balance of 2022. Our tangible common equity ratio, or TCE, declined to 5.8%, as a result of AOCI marks on the securities portfolio. Recall, this is an accounting construct that temporarily reduces equity as value marks are taken and then reverses over time and this does not impact our regulatory capital ratios. Our TCE ratio, excluding the AOCI impact has been relatively stable near 7% level. Finally, our dividend yield remains number one in our peer group at 5%. On Slide 18, credit quality continues to perform very well. As mentioned, net charge-offs were a record low of 3 basis points, benefiting from another quarter of net recoveries in commercial portfolios and continued stability in consumer credit quality. Non-performing assets declined from the previous quarter and have reduced each of the last four quarters. We also saw lower criticized loans, which have improved both from the prior quarter and prior year. Allowance for credit losses was flat at 1.87% of total loans, reflecting a conservative reserve posture, given the heightened economic uncertainty even as our internal portfolio metrics show stability. We are proud to report on Slide 19 that we have achieved our medium-term goals. Since sharing these targets, we have been intently focused on executing on our commitments and managing dynamically through the changing environment. We have been guiding that we were as expected reflect these goals by the second half of 2022. We have now achieved these results one quarter ahead of schedule. This performance represents the earnings power of the franchise. The TCF acquisition bolstered many of these areas and allowed us to gain incremental scale and profitability, as Steve mentioned earlier. And the incremental growth momentum is only just the beginning. As we stand today, we believe our return on capital is compelling compared to our peer set and demonstrates the financial rigor with which we operate that is focused on creating fundamental value for shareholders. Finally, turning to Slide 20. Let me update our outlook. Our guidance assumes the consensus economic outlook through 2022, and it incorporates the rate curve as of the end of June. Our loan growth outlook remains unchanged. As a result of our balance sheet growth and the rate curve outlook, we are again revising guidance higher for net interest income. We now expect core net interest income on a dollar basis, excluding PPP and purchase accounting accretion, to grow in the high teens to low 20s percent range. In fee income, we continue to expect growth between low and mid-single digits for the fourth quarter on a year-over-year basis. We are continuing to see encouraging trends in our payments, capital markets and wealth and advisory businesses. As we shared previously, our guidance incorporates the normalization of mortgage banking revenues and the fair play enhancements we are making over the course of the second half of the year. Note, our guidance fully captures the expected benefits of our Capstone Partners and Torana acquisitions, which closed in the second quarter. On expenses, we are pleased to have completed the cost savings program. We are balancing continued momentum in the business and strong revenue growth with the uncertainty around the near-term macro outlook and inflationary pressures that are affecting the economy. The strong revenue performance of the business will drive a degree of associated compensation expenses in addition to targeted investments to support key growth initiatives. Hence, our expectation is for core expenses, excluding Capstone Partners and Torana to grow at a modest level for the balance of 2022. Additionally, Capstone and Torana will add incremental expenses of approximately $25 million beginning in the third quarter run rate. Finally, given our continued exceptional credit performance, we are revising our full year net charge-offs down to less than 15 basis points from approximately 20 basis points previously. That concludes our opening remarks. Tim, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Tim Sedabres: Thanks, Zach. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you. 
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session.  Our first question comes from John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. I want to see if you could maybe comment on your deposit growth expectation? How you're thinking about the ability to grow deposits here and possibly the makeup of that of that growth? I know you didn't include that in your formal guidance. So maybe if you could just kind of help us think about how we should model the growth. Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Absolutely. Thanks, John. This is Zach. I'll take that one. I think just taking it to back, we were pleased to see the deposits continue to expand in the second quarter, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we guided that we would have that expectation and we were pleased to see it come through and be delivered. The outlook going forward continues to be for modest growth. Commercial growing faster, consumer might be flat to down a bit. The environment is clearly volatile here with the rate moves we've seen out of late, but that's the traction we're seeing and so far it's corroborated here just in the first few weeks of July. The focus we've got is really deepening, engagement with our clients growing, core operating count certainly within the commercial business, primary bank relationships broadly across the franchise and really balancing that growth with pricing over time, clearly, but that's the growth we've got for now.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks. And then related to that, maybe could you just elaborate a bit on your deposit beta expectations in terms of how they begin to -- how they could trend in the back half  your terminal beta ultimately? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I'll take that one again as well. So thus far in the cycle, it's been pretty limited in terms of pricing changes that we've seen come through. As we highlighted in the prepared remarks, average deposit cost for Q2 just 4 basis points higher than Q1, so very low. That represents less than 10% beta. With that being said, clearly, the rate has happened late in the quarter in May and then more in June and given the forecast for July, we do expect Q3 and Q4 to be higher. As we take a step back and just think about this cycle, it's clearly changing and there are factors that are driving beta to be higher than we be the last rate hiking cycle. We started from a lower starting point. Asset growth continues to be pretty strong here across the industry, and these multiple more than 25 basis point rate moves that are happening quick succession are clearly up factors for beta. With that being said, we do think more to continue to recognize the level of excess liquidity across the entire industry at this point is quite high. And inflation itself tends to increase balances over time as that filters into wages and corporate revenues. Take it to back still very early in the cycle. Our posture is to be very, very disciplined and manage this with a lot of rigor at a very detailed level as we noted before and with that primary bank focus. And I think everything we're seeing thus far and the incremental forecasting that we do on a monthly basis continues to cooperate that were on the trend that we were expecting.
John Pancari: Okay. Thanks for taking the questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good morning. How you are doing?
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Betsy.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning, Betsy.
Betsy Graseck: I wanted to just get a sense on how you're thinking about the buyback resumption, what the parameters would be and what you're looking at to turn that back on?
Zach Wasserman: Yeah. Thanks for the question. This is Zach. I'll take that as well. As we talked about in the prepared remarks for Q2, we didn't do any buybacks given the Capstone acquisition closing. And I think as we think about the next several set of quarters, our capital priorities are really guided by our overall party sets and first and foremost, to fund organic growth and given the strong ROE that we get on the organic loans we're bringing in, that's our top priority. That's where we intended, and I'm really pleased to be able to allocate the capital. Even as we also manage capital ratios upward here, trending towards the year-end. It's a little too early to call what happens in 2023. And as we get closer, we'll have a better view of what the plan might be at that point. But I think you'll see us tick capital ratios up here sequentially and deploy it to the loan growth for the foreseeable future.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then you talked a bit already about the credit and what's going on with the corporate side. Could you give us a sense on the consumer book, what you're seeing? Is there any differentiation at all between either FICO bands, income bands or whether or not you're housing, you're a homeowner or a renter? Any dynamics there would be helpful. Thanks.
Rich Pohle: Hey, Betsy, it's Rich. I can take that one. On the consumer side, we see as we've talked about in some of the previous calls, just a little bit of increasing in the delinquencies just in many respects because they've been running at such artificially low levels given the deferral business  deferrals in 2020 and the stimulus in 2021. I would say in general, though, those books are performing very well. We have maintained our FICO disciplines across the board. And with increasing auto pricing and increasing home rates, we've also done a good job of keeping the loan to values constant or coming down. So we feel very good about where the consumer book is positioned right now.
Betsy Graseck: Okay.
Steve Steinour: Betsy, this is Steve. We put the  we published our auto lending every quarter. So you see new lending at super prime, it just hasn't deviated more than 5 or 10 points and has generally drifted upwards over the last 12 years. And we're super prime on the home side as well. And then the RV/Marine is an average just over 800 like an FICO. All of this is very low to fault frequency, default expectation and it's all secured. So we feel very good about the consumer book as a whole.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Betsy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning everybody.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: So for Zach, somewhat of a theoretical question. So if we look at the balance sheet, the loan-to-deposit ratio is low, which is keeping deposit betas very low at the moment. You're hedging to stabilize loan yields. When we think about incremental loan beta versus incremental deposit beta, this is for you and the industry, are we basically setting up where as we look out to 2023, the full year NIM could be higher in 2023, just mechanically over 2022. But at some point, we should expect your quarter-over-quarter NIM to start trending down through the year as deposit betas ultimately catch up?
Zach Wasserman: Well, first of all, thanks for serving me of a theoretical question. I'd love to take those. Appreciate you doing that. Look, I think that our outlook in best forecast that I see is for continued NIM expansion over the next few quarters. And if you sort of stretch the forecast out, if you use the forward yield curve as guidance, that continues out into the middle part of 2023. That starts to stabilize. My forecast doesn't show contraction of anything material, just more bouncing a lot of flat line as you get kind of further out into time. Obviously, you noted in your question that I quipped about it, it is a little theoretical, so you start to forecast on forecast on forecasting you got to move too far. But that's the expectation that we've got.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Got it. And in response to John's question, I just want to understand your answer. You said you thought your deposit beta could be higher this cycle than the prior cycle, is that right?
Zach Wasserman: No, that's not what I said. I think generally continue to be tracking around the same level at the last cycle. I think it's -- the beta sort of trends over time. That was the point I was trying to make. Initially in the early stages of the cycle, it's quite low. And that's certainly what we saw in the second quarter less than 10% beta in the second quarter. I think the beta will accelerate as the rate environment and cycle continues. But in totality on a cumulative basis, still seeing generally the same kind of trends and outlooks as we had seen in the last cycle.
Steven Alexopoulos: In the last -- okay, got it. Thanks. And then for Steve. So there's quite a bit of talk about companies onshoring supply chains, right, back to the US. I'm curious what you're seeing on the ground? I'm not really talking about the Intel plant, but beyond that, is this something that you're starting to see or is this just really a talking point at this point? Thanks.
Steve Steinour: Steven, it's occurring. It's been occurring. I think, if anything, what we're even seeing this year with China shutdown episodically with COVID, it's just reinforcing. So it's supply chain nearshore or onshore and we're getting some of that benefit here in the Midwest and I suspect probably in the Southeast Southwest as well. I think that's going to continue. The supply chains have gotten better in some industries, but still in most are a problem. And that level of investment required is reflected in our equipment finance results. We've had a  we had a record second quarter and expect to have a very strong second half. Usually, our second half is better than the first half. So, the teams are seeing a lot of investment. Reshoring is certainly a meaningful portion of it.
Zach Wasserman: And the other thing I just -- this is Zach. The other kind of secular phenomenon, but I do think it's going to be a tailwind for the industry broadly for the commercial banking space in the investment in property plant equipment to deal with labor supply constraints, which aren't going away anytime soon and are really driving significant corporate level investments in automation technology things of that nature.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Great. Thanks for all the color.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Ken Usdin: Hey good morning. Noticing the strong loan growth this quarter overall and keeping the guide for the year, as I put through the slide deck, I noticed that the originations on some of the consumer buckets are understandably smaller than they had been. I just want to ask you to flush out again, as you think forward about commercial growth versus consumer growth, are there any changes you guys are making in either underwriting criteria or what you want to put on the books? And how do you expect commercial versus consumer growth to look going forward overall? Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. This is Zach. I'll take that, and I'll see if my colleagues want to tack on throughout the course of answering your question. Generally, as I noted and your question, we continue to expect high single-digit loan growth by Q4. We're actually running above that level right now. Q2 was about a 10% annualized, which gives us the opportunity to optimize our capital allocation and really dial in the long-term return of the asset growth as we go throughout the balance of the yield which we feel really good about to be in that position. The nature of the growth going forward will be pretty similar to what we've seen in the first half of this year, that is commercial led, driven by production and consumer growing, but slower. And I think it's corroborated by what we're seeing in the -- particularly the commercial loan pipelines up. I don't think we mentioned a 9% quarter-over-quarter, 33% year-over-year in our late-stage commercial pipeline. So notwithstanding the economic headlines, our clients are still investing. There's still opportunity to grow. On the consumer side, we're going to see slower growth in residential mortgage than we saw in the first half, as we go into the second half and auto and RV/Marine continue to contribute, although at a slower level. So, I think perhaps a modest shift toward commercial, but generally pretty similar to the nature of growth we saw in the first half.
Steve Steinour: And I'll just tack on a little bit. With mortgage rates up, refi volumes down, you see in the mortgage numbers everywhere. But  so some of the home lending, at least on the mortgage side, will be maybe partially offset with . But the consumer side, I think, will tend to be a little less robust than it has been. At the same time, the sheer scale and the opportunities we have in these national businesses with TCF are really extraordinary. So, the inventory finance is like number two to one of the big four nationally, and that just has great upside for us as supply chains get worked out. We've talked before about all the floor plan, that's almost a $2 billion number for us as it normalizes. So, there's opportunity a bit in the utilization rate changes. We saw a little bit of that in the second quarter. There's a lot of opportunity utilization rate changes. But the growth dynamics here in these national businesses and new markets are very, very good. We've got over 50 new business colleagues in Minnesota and Colorado, as I mentioned earlier, and that activity is bearing fruit and will continue to be a source of growth for us as well. So very well-positioned. Zach gave you the close in pipeline as of a contemporary week, but the total commercial pipeline almost doubled what it was a year ago. So a lot of opportunity in front of us.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Great. Thank you, Steve. And then just one more follow-up, just drill that into auto. Just some peers -- and this isn't new, some peers are saying that things are getting tougher on spreads and it pulled the way you guys tend to get that premium to the market. And just with the changing dynamics going on in terms of residual values and new versus used mix, can you just talk about some of the dynamics there in terms of the ability to continue to produce and originate at the same level and how you're expecting credit to act as well underneath? Thank you.
Steve Steinour: The credit, we think will have a very consistent performance because we've been so disciplined for more than a decade. So we don't expect to see any significant credit issues emerging out of auto or RV/Marine for that matter because that's an 8, 10-plus average FICO. So very, very low to full frequencies. And that drives more than valuation -- used car valuation or other equivalent metrics, much more to our business line that it evolves because we just -- frankly, we just don't have that many repossessions. As we think about the business going forward, there's always a lag as rates rise in terms of getting pricing at a typical level and there's always a benefit as rates fall. So we're dynamically pricing. We're actually -- we don't focus on market share. It's about return and risk, and we'll continue to do that. But we've been in this business for almost three quarters with century has performed very, very well for us, and we expect it will continue to do so. Thanks for your Ken.
Tim Sedabres: Next question?
Operator: Our next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Zach Wasserman: Ebrahim, how are you?
Ebrahim Poonawala: Good. Hi, Zach. Just wanted to follow-up on your expense guide. Two-part question. One, as we think about your strategic target, 56% efficiency ratio, just talk to us in terms of areas of investments as we look forward from here and where you're flexing expenses in terms of savings and whether there is a case to be made that the efficiency ratio normalized for whatever rate backdrop could be structurally lower than your current target?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks for the question. There's a lot to unpack in expenses. So you gave me the opportunity to do that. I think now that we have delivered the cost synergies fully, it's in the run rate we're back to managing expenses on an ongoing basis as the business grows and with a goal toward continuing to drive positive operating leverage and modulating expenses relative to revenue. While we self fund the key investments in our strategic initiatives to sustain them and those are not changed from what we've had before. We continue to build out key commercial capabilities, build our critical fee businesses and payments, capital markets, wealth, and I think continue to build terrific digital and overall product capabilities within our consumer and business banking function. So, those are the priorities. We'll keep investing in them align with clearly what Steve was just mentioning in terms of the terrific momentum we have in the TCF expansion opportunities. The efficiency ratio is an outcome, frankly. And our goal is really in the end, drive PPNR and just continue to expand profitability over time. With that being said, I do think efficiency ratio could very well trend lower here just given where the rate environment is going, and we'll see where that goes.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And I guess just a separate question on -- in your slide deck, slide 35, you talked about digital engagement or originations, both consumer, commercial deposit originations seem to have peaked a few quarters ago and declined. Just wondering if anything to read in there and talk to us in terms of the investments you're making on the digital side from a client onboarding acquisition perspective?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. So, I think in terms of the investments we're making in digital continue, and it's all about channel development, internal process efficiency. And we've got -- as we have had in the past, a series of interesting new product developments that are on our roadmap that I will feel a thunder on now, but you'll see them come through into the market over time as we launch them. We're always throttling the dials of where we're directing our marketing funding. And that changes the mix of online versus offline account acquisition over time. But in the end, it's all about driving the most value ultimately from the accounts in terms of depth of relationship and ultimately, customer lifetime value. So, -- and we feel really good where that is trending, frankly.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom: Hey, thanks. Good morning.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Zach, a theoretical question for you, Zach. Do you feel like there's an upper limit on your margin. I've covered your company for a long time and I always think like 350-ish gets a little bit toppy on your margin. But is it possible to see similar types of sequential jumps in the margin if we get another 75 basis points next week, or is there something in your business mix that would prevent them?
Zach Wasserman: If you see the room here, you're seeing a lot of heads nodding and pleasured with your questions, so thanks for asking it. I mean I think, look, the reality is that there is no top. It's a function of where the interest rate market goes, right? And I think it can go higher. With that being said, I think, realistically, what you're seeing kind of the realistic range is right for the foreseeable future. And certainly, as we do our modeling based on the yield curve where it is right now, we see continued expansion, as I mentioned in one of the questions earlier for the next few quarters and then beginning to flatten out as you get into kind of the middle part of 2023 and beyond, based on the trajectory of the yield curve right now.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. And then, Steve, a question for you, acquisition appetite. It's probably an annoying question, but you've done some fee businesses and I think you've done well with those. You've done well with TCF. You did fine with FirstMerit. Any interest at all in depositories, or is that just off the table, given the regulatory environment?
Steve Steinour: We have a lot of opportunity to achieve with TCF. So, our expectation is just to continue to focus on that. And if there is some ancillary fee businesses that help us in payments or well for the capital markets, those would be of interest to us. But we've got a lot of upside going forward over the next couple of years. And I don't know, how to think about the regulatory environment for us. We got approved in record time the last time with TCF, and we had the same experience with FirstMerit and that should be some indication of our standing. And would be another indication of the outperformance every time above median is a reflection of the quality of the portfolio. So we're seeing outstanding and have been. So, all of that suggests we're able to do things, if we choose to, but our focus will continue to drive the revenue opportunity from the TCF combination.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Fair enough. Thanks guys.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Jon
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Long with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question
David Long: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Steinour: Good morning., David.
David Long: The expected pre-pandemic Day one CECL reserve was lower -- much lower for legacy Huntington and even much lower for TCF than legacy Huntington given its shorter duration loan portfolio, than your current reserve level. So with the economic forecast at very healthy levels here, just wanted to see why maybe your reserve today is higher than where it was pre pandemic?
Rich Pohle: The prepayment, I think you have to go back. I mean that's over two years ago. So it's a point in time. This is always a point in time. The portfolio has -- mix has shifted over time as well. We had a big oil and gas portfolio that was part of CECL Day one that's not anymore. We've got more real estate today than we had back then. So a lot of it is a function of just the makeup of the portfolio. And as we're sitting here today, we're looking potentially in a recession. I think if you went back to January of 2020, you didn't have that on the horizon, potentially near term. So it's a combination of everything. The mechanics of CECL is you look at it every quarter and you run your models and you make subjective adjustments where do you think the models might be of not capturing everything. And as we sit here, at the end of the second quarter, we had come down for six consecutive quarters prior to this one, and I just thought it was time to take a little bit of a pause and see where things shake out. So it's a quarter-by-quarter analysis we do. And it's really hard to go back to CECL Day one and say this is a goal or an objective to get there.
David Long: Got it. Thanks for providing the color. And then Steve, you mentioned or talked a little bit about some of the revenue synergies with TCF. And I sense your excitement there, but is there any way you can put numbers behind it, either in incremental loan growth with any of the categories or level of dollars of revenue that you think can be created?
Steve Steinour: Well, we haven't given guidance along those lines, David, but you're hearing us allude to it in terms of equipment finance, inventory finance, the reference as stated the TCF didnt do SBA lending in Colorado or Minnesota. In fact, we didn't do C&I lending or small business lending in Colorado. So you get a lot -- for that matter well in either market. So there's a lot of investment that has made that early on is producing, and I think this gets bigger and better as we scale those businesses in those markets. And then we are a force in Michigan. We were having great growth in Michigan. And we're now able to run a full set of plays in Chicago. So you have those combinations of regional markets, our equipment finance, number seven nationally, I think will be better than that on a relative position by the end of the year based on the volumes we see. So we've got a lot of synergy that's been achieved. And we've been emphasizing OCR. We have a much better product set on both the consumer and commercial side, and that emphasis will continue to translate into revenue growth in capital markets, card and other businesses, the fee businesses for us, treasury management, et cetera, as we go forward. We'll give some thought to try to mention that over time for you and others. But at this point, we haven't done so.
David Long: Great. Thank you. I appreciate the additional color Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks David.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Najarian with UBS. Please state your question.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. Just kind of follow-up question on how yields  the yield trajectory. Zach, the increase in AFS yields was particularly eye-popping. Was that just a function of the starting point of 165 is just so low, or was there anything sort of more onetime in nature there? And additionally, I noticed that C&I yields were only up 5 bps in the quarter. And I'm wondering if you expect that loan beta to accelerate over the next few quarters?
Zach Wasserman: Yeah. Nothing unusual in the first category you talked about. I think we're just seeing that continued trend through and certainly in our securities portfolio broadly really benefiting from expanding yields and just the reinvestment of the cash flows. Overall, broadly speaking across the loan categories, we're seeing nice trends in new money yield with gross yields really benefiting as the yield curve is expanding here. The environment is still competitive. And so it's still a factor, but we're seeing new money rates expand in almost every major product line across the board, around 30 bps to sense overall from Q1 to Q2. And I think that the average rate increase in Q2 versus Q1 was relatively modest. I think we're going to see coming through related to your C&I question in Q3 is more just given, again, the timing of the rate moves and the moves and so for late in the quarter versus what we'll see on average for Q3.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Okay. And just a follow-up question. Clearly, the market has priced in, started to price in a mild downturn, some downturn over the near-term. Could you remind us when you printed an ACL ratio of 222 in 2020, what kind of unemployment rate were you assuming then? And if we think about a mild downturn over the next six to 12 months, how much more will your ACL ratio climb from what seems to already be a pretty nice level of 187?
Steve Steinour: Yeah. I mean as it relates to where we were a couple of years ago, I'd have to go back and take that out. I would just say that we use multiple scenarios and each one is going to have embedded assumptions around GDP and unemployment. So -- and those are going to run a pretty wide range. But it's the mix, the weighted average of all those that
Zach Wasserman: This is Zach, just tack on. I would not draw sort of a direct correlation in that way. I think there's, just too many other factors that go into it. And I think that it's not even necessarily the case that it would go up. I think it really depends on, I think, what the trajectory is and what the outlook is across the various scenarios also clearly that the depth and duration of any economic softening is the most important factor.
Steve Steinour: Well. And I think the other thing that you have to look at is the, with CECL, it's really hard to predict where the actual level of reserves is going to go because not only is that a function of the portfolio, but it's also a function of loan growth. So you've got to build that in. So this quarter, we kept the ACL coverage flat, but the dollars, the allowance built because of the loan growth we experienced. So, there's a few moving pieces in there. But I would say entering into a potential downturn with a position of strength, we would think would mitigate any large increases going forward.
Erika Najarian: Thank you so much.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Erika.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Hey guys. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Scott.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning.
Scott Siefers: Hey. I was hoping you might be able to sort of update your thoughts on the revenue contributions from Capstone and Torana. And I know you had the $4 million contribution from Capstone in the second quarter. I think the 
Zach Wasserman: Yeah.
Scott Siefers: disclosures you offered previously on that one in particular were based on prior year's performance. So just any updated thoughts now that they're officially under the umbrella?
Zach Wasserman: Yeah. So thanks for the question, Scott. And just we couldn't be more pleased about closing both of those acquisitions. Torana is relatively small. Capstone is a very, scaled business as we've talked about. And just an amazing fit for our capital markets business and not only bring on a great run rate, but the opportunity to expand that business within the Huntington franchise is really, really significant. So we're thrilled about it. At this point, our current forecasts are around that same kind of run rate here over the next couple of quarters. And I think we'll see the synergies start to manifest as we get out further into time, but really excited about that. I think Torana over time will grow a relatively small impact in this year.
Steve Steinour: So, Scott, I think Zach gave you like a $100 million three-year average revenue.
Zach Wasserman: Correct.
Steve Steinour: And that's the reference point to your question. I would tell you they have a very good pipeline for the third quarter, and they had a good second quarter. And as we integrate and bring them into our customer base, we've nailed then we've worked together. This is a really good cultural fit. We'll look to grow revenues off that base.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. Thanks
Zach Wasserman: It's around the $30 million run rate is roughly we're at.
Scott Siefers: Okay. You said $30 million run rate?
Zach Wasserman: Third quarter. Yes.
Scott Siefers: Third quarter. Perfect. Okay. Good. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our final question comes from David Konrad with KBW. Please state your question.
David Konrad: Hey, actually, Erika already asked my question. So I guess, we're all wrapped up. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks. 
Steve Steinour: Thank you. Well, we know you've had a busy morning. So, thank you very much for joining us today. It was just a tremendous quarter for us in Huntington. We're obviously pleased with the results, but we're also pleased with the momentum that we have going into the third quarter, coming off of record net income and PPNR growth. We're well positioned, we believe, to manage through the current uncertain economic outlook. We remain committed to and are confident of our ability to continue driving value for our shareholders. Just as a reminder, the Board executives and our colleagues are a top 10 shareholder collectively, reflecting our strong alignment with shareholders. So thank you for your interest and support today. And have a great one.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-21 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone, and good morning. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing today can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As reminder, this call is being recorded, and a replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A. As noted on slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A portion, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone, and welcome, and thank you for joining the call today. It's been an eventful start to the year. We entered 2022 with momentum, and we carried forward that trend to deliver a strong first quarter. We are managing through a turbulent macroeconomic environment, high inflation, persistent labor and supply chain constraints, fed interest rate tightening, rapid moves in the yield curve and the devastating crisis in Ukraine, all have made for a challenging backdrop. Now on to slide 4. I'm pleased to highlight our excellent first quarter performance. First, our colleagues are delivering on revenue-producing initiatives supporting our strong results. We're generating profitable growth and building momentum, including executing on our revenue synergies. Second, operating with disciplined expense management, we posted another quarter of sequential reductions in core expenses. Our targeted cost savings are on track for full realization this quarter, and we are capturing these benefits even earlier than originally guided. Third, we had record low net charge-offs this quarter with overall exceptional credit quality. Our disciplined risk management continues to be a strength. Lastly, we are confident in our full year outlook and our ability to drive additional profitability. We are revising our guidance higher to incorporate the recent rate curve outlook, and we remain confident that we will achieve our medium-term financial targets in the second half of 2022. On slide 5, let me share more detail on our first quarter performance. Our robust loan growth, higher net interest income and planned reductions in expenses supported a record PPNR. Average loan balances, excluding PPP, grew 10% annualized, driven by new loan production across both commercial and consumer portfolios. We continue to see strong customer demand and growing loan pipelines and are confident this momentum will continue over the course of this year. Our teams are fully aligned and executing on the revenue synergy opportunities from TCF. We are seeing terrific momentum in these initiatives as we expand into new markets with enhanced capabilities. In the Twin Cities, our new wealth management, business banking and mid-market teams are already contributing to revenues. Likewise, in Colorado, our business banking and middle market teams are capturing market share and generating revenue. We're also pleased with our inventory finance business, which has seen seasonal growth and is exceeding our expectations. Additionally, we are seeing increased productivity and positive recession to the Huntington product set and customer service experience. We continue to execute on our strategic initiatives across the bank. In March, we announced the next evolution of our leading Fair Play product set, including the soon-to-be-released instant access feature as well as an enhanced credit card offering through the launch of our cash-back credit card. In addition, our continued expense discipline has enabled us to support investments that are yielding results. This is evidenced by our record first quarter of sales in Wealth Management and also by another quarter of robust growth in our capital markets businesses. Just last month, we announced the signing of a definitive agreement to acquire Capstone Partners, a top-tier middle market investment bank and advisory firm that will add significant capabilities and expertise to our capital markets businesses. The transaction is expected to close late this quarter. Capstone is a terrific fit with Huntington, both strategically and culturally, and we're excited for the synergistic growth opportunities. The addition of Capstone better positions us to serve the full range of needs for clients and our footprint as well as those we serve on an increasingly national basis. The transaction adds key verticals that complement our existing industry specialization and adds new capabilities in expanded sectors. We expect Capstone will meaningfully increase our capital markets revenues by about 50%, and we're excited to welcome our new colleagues to Huntington. Finally, we are proud to share a few of the awards we received during the quarter. We were honored to be recognized by Forbes in 2022 as one of America's best large employers, where we ranked number 7 in the banking and financial services industry. We were also recognized in middle market and small business banking with numerous Greenwich Excellence and Best Band Awards for 2021. And lastly, we are proud that The National Diversity Council named Donald Dennis, our Chief Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Officer, as a Top 100 Diversity Officer nationally. Before moving on, I'd like to take a moment to welcome Brant Standridge to Huntington who joined us earlier this month as our President of Consumer and Business Banking. Brad comes to us with a broad set of experiences, including a customer-focused foundation that aligns well with our strategies. As Brant joins us, a special thank you to Steve Rhodes, who will continue to lead our Business Banking division. Slide 6 shows our continued trajectory of profitable growth. We've been driving sustainable profitability for years supported by our prior strategic investments and our long track record of managing the positive operating leverage. We are confident that this increasing trend will continue and will further benefit by the underlying earnings power unlocked from TCF. We are poised to have outsized PPNR growth this year and expect it to expand sequentially over the remainder of the year. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 7 provides highlights of our first quarter results. We reported earnings per common share of $0.29. Adjusted for notable items, earnings per common share were $0.32. Return on tangible common equity, or ROTCE, came at 15.8% for the quarter. Adjusted for notable items, ROTCE was 17.1%. We were pleased to see accelerated momentum in our loan balances, with total loans increasing by $1.7 billion and excluding PPP, loans increased by $2.6 billion. Total average and ending deposits also increased, driven by strong trends in both consumer and commercial balances. Pre-provision net revenue grew 4.2% from last quarter, reflecting our continued focus on self-funding revenue-producing strategic initiatives, as well as net interest income expansion. Consistent with our plan, we reduced core expenses by $27 million from last quarter, driven by the realization of cost synergies. Credit quality was exceptional, with record low net charge-offs of seven basis points and nonperforming assets reduced to 63 basis points. Turning to slide 8. Accelerated loan growth momentum continued, with average loan balances increasing 1.5% quarter-over-quarter, totaling $111.1 billion. Excluding PPP, total loan balances increased $2.6 billion or 2.4%, largely driven by commercial loans. Within commercial, excluding PPP, average loans increased by $2.2 billion or 3.8% from the prior quarter. We continue to see broad-based demand across lending categories that is supporting strong new production. We are also benefiting from slowing prepayments and modest increases in line utilization. Middle market, asset finance, corporate and specialty banking, all contributed to higher net balances within commercial and have all expanded for two quarters in a row. Commercial real estate balances also increased during the quarter by $485 million. Inventory Finance contributed to growth this quarter with balances increasing by $666 million, driven by the expansion of client relationships and the expected seasonal increase in utilization levels. Auto dealer floor plan increased with balances by $251 million as new client relationships and a modest uptick in utilization, both supported growth. In Consumer, we had a record first quarter performance in indirect auto and RV marine originations. This drove balances higher in auto and RV/Marine by $108 million and $63 million, respectively. Additionally, on-sheet residential mortgage increased by $550 million. These were offset by lower home equity balances. Across the enterprise, our bankers are executing disciplined calling strategies, driving sustained growth in both early-stage and late-stage loan pipelines, both of which are higher from the prior quarter and the prior year. We are seeing strong demand from our customers and the realization of pipelines supports our high degree of confidence in our 2022 outlook. Turning to slide nine. We delivered solid deposit growth, with balances higher by $614 million. On a spot basis, total deposit balances increased $3.7 billion or 2.6% from prior quarter. Ending commercial balances increased by $2.5 billion and consumer balances increased by $1.5 billion from the prior quarter. This growth reflects continued consumer deposit gathering and our focused relationship deepening within commercial customers. On slide 10, we reported net interest income and NIM expansion. Core net interest income, excluding PPP and purchase accounting accretion, increased by 3% to $1.119 billion. Consistent with prior guidance, net interest margin increased versus prior quarter, and we are on track for further NIM expansion throughout 2022. Turning to slide 11, we are dynamically managing the balance sheet to remain asset sensitive and capture the benefit of expected higher rates while incrementally providing downside protection opportunities present themselves. We have a peer-leading NIM, and we're positioned to expand margin as rates increase. During the quarter, we modestly increased our downside protection by executing a net $2.7 billion of received fixed swaps. As noted on the slide, these explicit hedging actions reduced asset sensitivity in the quarter by 0.3%. The overall estimated asset sensitivity and an up 100 basis point ramp scenario ended the quarter at 3.1%, down from 4.6% at year-end. The remaining change in this metric beyond our hedging actions was driven by other ancillary modeling impacts such as the denominator impact of higher projected base net interest income, slower prepayments and other balance sheet mix shifts. On the bottom of the slide is our loan portfolio composition. As you can see, we are well positioned for the expected higher interest rates throughout the year with an attractive mix of floating and fixed rate loans. Furthermore, our indirect auto portfolio has a weighted average life of approximately 25 months with roughly half of that portfolio re-pricing each year. Moving to slide 12. Non-interest income was $499 million, up $104 million year-over-year and down $16 million from last quarter. Fee revenues were impacted by a decline in mortgage banking, primarily due to lower saleable originations as well as typical seasonality resulting in lower cards and payments activities compared to the fourth quarter. Given our robust SBA pipelines and attractive market opportunity, we reinitiated our SBA loan sales in the quarter, driving a $27 million increase. In addition, our record first quarter performance in wealth management sales contributed to an increase in investment-related revenues. Overall, we continue to be pleased with the traction and growth outlooks for our key fee-generating businesses within payments, capital markets and wealth and advisory. Moving on to slide 13. Non-interest expense declined $168 million from the prior quarter and excluding notable items, core expenses declined by $27 million to $1.07 billion as we delivered cost savings from the acquisition. As we shared previously, we expect core expenses to be approximately $1 billion by the second quarter. Even as we're driving down expenses, we're also investing in initiatives that are driving sustainable revenue growth throughout the company. Slide 14 highlights our capital position. Common equity Tier 1 was 9.2% at quarter end. Our dividend yield remains at the top of our peer group at 4.6%. We did not repurchase any shares during the quarter due to our announced signing of a definitive agreement to acquire Capstone. As you can see on slide 15, credit quality continues to perform very well. As mentioned, net charge-offs were record low of seven basis points, benefiting from a net recovery position in commercial portfolios and continued strong consumer credit quality. Non-performing assets and criticized loans both declined from the previous quarter. Our ending allowance for credit losses represented 1.87% of total loans, down from 1.89% at prior quarter end. Slide 16 covers our medium-term financial targets, which remain unchanged. As Steve mentioned, we're fully committed to achieving these by the second half of 2022. As our loan growth momentum continues, our first capital priority remains funding this organic growth, and we are encouraged by these trends. To the extent that our loan growth remains as robust as we expect, I would anticipate share buybacks will be de minimis for the remainder of the year. We are comfortable operating at or around these current capital levels as we balance our expected 2022 growth plans and the possible longer-term scenarios for the global macroeconomic outlook as we had in 2023. Finally, turning to Slide 17, let me share our updated outlook. The guidance we provided in January assumed continued economic expansion aligned to market consensus as well as the interest rate yield curve expectations as of early January. Our updated guidance continues to assume further economic growth and the rate curve as of the end of March. As a result of the rate curve outlook, we are revising upward our guidance in net interest income. We now expect core net interest income on a dollar basis, excluding PPP and purchase accounting accretion, to grow in the mid to high teens. This is higher than our previous guidance of high single-digit to low double-digit growth. In fee income, while we are seeing encouraging trends in our payments, capital markets and wealth and advisory businesses, we are also impacted by the industry-wide mortgage banking pressure. Based on this, we have revised lower our fee guidance to flat to down low single digits, excluding the impact of Capstone. On the topic of Capstone, we are anticipating closing the acquisition at the end of this quarter. Based on estimates created during due diligence, we believe the business could add approximately $20 million to $30 million of fee income on a quarterly basis. This would be incremental to the stand-alone Q4 Huntington guidance. We will provide further information on the impact of Capstone, as we complete the acquisition and finalize our financial forecast. On expenses, excluding notable items, we are still tracking to our $1 billion run rate for this quarter. And again, this guidance is excluding Capstone. Finally, given our continued exceptional credit performance across our portfolios, we are revising our full year net charge-offs down to approximately 20 basis points from less than 30 basis points previously. Now let me pass it back to Steve for a couple of closing comments before we open for Q&A.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Zach. Slide 18 recaps what we believe is a compelling opportunity. Huntington stands as a powerful top 10 regional bank with scale and leading market density, as well as a compelling set of capabilities, both in footprint and nationally. We are focused on executing our strategic plan, which we believe will drive substantial value creation for our shareholders. We are well positioned to deliver sustainable revenue growth, which is bolstered by new markets, new businesses and expanded capabilities. As our revenue synergies accelerate and gain traction, we also remain committed to our proactive and disciplined expense management. As a result, we are increasingly confident in our robust return profile with expectations for a 17-plus percent ROTCE, as we deliver on our medium-term financial targets in the second half of the year. Tim, let's open up the call for Q&A, please.
Tim Sedabres: Thanks, Steve. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you. Operator, let's open-up the questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session.  Our first questions come from the line of Betsy Graseck with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning.
Betsy Graseck: I just wanted to see if you could unpack the upgraded NII guide a little bit, give us a sense as to how much of that is coming from the forward curve changes, from the loan growth from the cash redeployment, just to understand those puts and takes a little bit more thoroughly? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Betsy, thanks for the question. This is Zach. I'll take that. The main driver is the rate curve of what we're seeing come through with expected forward rates. To give you a sense, at the time of our budget, we had approximately five rate hikes baked into our forecast going from 25 basis points up to 150 basis points in Fed funds by September of 2023, and it was 75 basis points by the end of 2022. Now obviously, it's significantly changed the yield curve up to 300 basis points or 150 basis points better by March 23 and with $275 million by December, so a full 200 basis points better by the end of this year. So that's the majority of what's driving it. Given our asset sensitivity, we're poised to benefit from that, both from spread  and I would say as well from the reduced drag from Fed cash that we saw in Q1 that will help us to drive that peer leading to that we expect at this point.
Betsy Graseck: Okay. And then as I think about the flexibility you have in your balance sheet, I'm just wondering, how you're planning on funding the loan growth that you're anticipating getting from here? And is there anything left over to increase the redeployment into the curve?
Zach Wasserman: I think at this point, we're expecting to continue to grow deposits as well. We see nice trends in continued deposit gathering, commercial growing faster than consumer, but both continue to be solid producers and that will be the main funding source as well as, as I said, utilizing some of the continued excess liquidity we've got on cash at this point.
Betsy Graseck: All right. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning.
John Pancari: In terms of the  I know you mentioned that you're seeing strengthening in loan growth momentum and you cited improvement in line utilization. Could you just talk about exactly what areas are you seeing this strengthening? How much did the line utilization improved? Are you beginning to see CapEx-related demand start to drive growth?
Zach Wasserman: Sure. This is Zach. I'll take that one and my colleague from room here could take on the like me. Generally, we're really pleased with what we're seeing in loan taking a big step back. The strength that we're seeing in our pipeline, the realization of that flowing through into  into bookings is what gives us confidence, and we'll continue to see the momentum drive to that high single-digit loan growth by Q4. And the model for it is going to be pretty similar in the back half of the year as what we've seen for the last two quarters. That is production led with commercial growing faster than consumer, but consumer continuing to drive as well. And the sources of it within commercial, we're seeing just continued strength in mid-market. Our corporate specialty areas, equipment, inventory finance also contributing very well. Commercial real estate and auto dealer floor plan, although delivering also on the consumer side, on sheet residential mortgage is really driven by what we're seeing in the mix of purchase as well as the continued steady growth in auto and RV/Marine will really be the drivers there. From a utilization perspective, I would characterize what we saw in the quarter as modest, but encouraging and I think a healthy sign for our customers. Saw around 1% increase in general middle market lines, several percentage point increase in inventory financial. And most of that was seasonal, which is encouraging sign to see the inventory now beginning to flow to those dealers on more a steady basis that allows them to hold the inventory. And then the auto dealer floor plan business also increased by a couple of percentage points as well. And again, I think that's a function of just gradually improving auto supply chain. So overall, a pretty healthy mix in the model going forward, as I said, is production and very much driven by commercial.
Steve Steinour: And John, this is Steve. I would add. We invested since closing with TCF in a number of these lending units. So we have a lot of capacity that's been brought on, particularly in Twin Cities and Denver and some of the specialty groups. So we're just -- we're able to scale the businesses as well. And so we'll be picking up volume from these investments throughout this year and beyond.
Rich Pohle : And John, it's Rich. The last part of your question had to do with CapEx spending. We are absolutely seeing an increase in capital spending, given just the tightness of the labor market. So there's an intense move to automation, and we'll continue to see that through the course of the year.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay. Great. Thanks. And sorry if I missed this in your prepared remarks, can you talk a little bit about the trajectory of your data and your deposit beta expectation, how the deposit cost could trend early on for the first 100 basis points of hikes and then thereafter? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. John, this is Zach, I'll take that one. Generally, across the totality of the rate hike cycle, our expectation is that we're going to see similar dynamics this rate cycle as we saw in the last one. Clearly, there are some competing forecast forces there with lower starting rates that might signal a little higher beta, but the level of excess liquidity across the industry would tend to blend to the beta and they could be lower. As I think has been noted by a number of industry participants over time. I think the general operating assumption of the industry, and we share this is that the early impacts around beta for the first several rate moves is going to be relatively lower and it will increase as the interest rate environment reaches a higher level.  But I would say two things. One is what's really important to us is how we're poised to manage against this with very robust, pretty detailed product-by-product segmented client-by-client management approaches, watching the market very carefully so that we can react and really be incredibly disciplined. And I think secondly, we're poised to benefit quite a bit here through the cycle, given the long strategy we've had to drive for primary bank relationships and core operating accounts within our business and commercial accounts. So we feel good about how we're positioned and really just staying very vigilant to manage through it, as we go forward with the next few quarters.
John Pancari: Okay. In fact, what is your through-cycle beta that you're assuming in your current ALCO assumption?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. It's about 30%. That's what we saw in the last cycle, which was baked into our model internally.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks Zach.
Zach Wasserman: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. First question I wanted to ask was on the cost side. Once we get down to the about $1 billion per quarter in expenses coming up shortly here, is the plan hold to hover around that level for the remainder of the year, or are any of these inflationary pressures just sort of overwhelming that prior outlook?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Generally, for the back half of this year, I mean, we feel great about where the costs are driving to. And, I think, we feel -- we've got exceptionally strong line of sight to see the $1 billion by -- $1 billion of core expense run rate by Q2. And that will leave us then poised to really deliver on those medium-term financial targets we've talked about. My expectation is roughly flat in the back half of this year. We're certainly seeing some inflationary pressures. And as we outperform on revenue, there's a bit of expenses that will drive for that. But generally speaking, it's approximately flat in the back half of the year based on our current outlook. And that's really driven by just very rigorous expense discipline throughout the company and driving for efficiency in our base expenses and with a mindset towards self-funding the investments we're putting into the revenue growth initiatives that we've talked about that you just mentioned a minute ago. Longer term, as we get out into 2023, the way we're posturing our long-range planning is really guided by our commitment to operating leverage, which we've delivered eight of the last nine years and feel confident and proud that we'll be able to do that again as we go into 2023.
Steve Steinour: You might also, Scott, be aware, we're -- we announced the acquisition of Capstone. And so, as that closes, that run rate will have to be incorporated in as well.
Scott Siefers: Yes. Perfect. Thank you. And then, Zach, as we look forward, do you anticipate altering your rate sensitivity kind of synthetically anymore, or will it just sort of be a function -- will changes in your sense sensitivity just be a function of kind of changes in the complexion of the balance sheet from here on out?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks, Scott, for that one. We really like the level of asset sensitivity we have right now. As you know, we took a series of conservative actions last year to get to the point we are now, and we're really benefiting from it. But all along that way, we've talked about when opportunities came up to protect some of the downside to lock in some of that benefit, we would likely take that. And so that's what you saw us do it in Q1 with the net $2.7 billion of received fixed swaps, pretty modest impact on asset sensitivity as we noted in the prepared remarks, around 0.3%. From here, I would expect us to stay very much net asset sensitive in the near term. Meanwhile, slowly adding to that downside hedge protection book over the course of the coming months, as we watch the environment. We would say dynamic, that could change, but it's the general operating posture here at this point.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. All right. Good. Thank you, guys, very much.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks. Hey, Zach, one follow-up on the cost point. So if you're in that $1 billion zone-ish plus or minus towards the end of the year, would we then add Capstone to that? And do you have an approximate calibration relative to the revenue outlook, what you'd expect on the cost side from Capstone?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks for that question. I want to make sure we clarify that. So that guidance is excluding Capstone to be clear. On Capstone, we're really diving into the modeling right now and we'll come back with further guidance as we get closer to and through the close. Based on the due-diligence modeling and the company's historical run rate that we are aware of, the kind of core efficiency ratio of that business is pretty similar to what other M&A advisory boutique firms would have.  On top of that in the near-term quarters, we'll have a little bit of merger-related costs. I'm not expecting very significant comp there at all. And then lastly, some incremental compensation expenses to fund retention payments, which are really important for a deal like this. So more to come, we'll give clear guidance on it as we get closer to the acquisition.
Ken Usdin: Okay, got it. And then just one question on fees. In your outlook, can you help us understand what the either incremental or total impact is of Fair Play and other changes to deposit products? And are you also assuming that you continue to sell SBA loans, like you got back into this quarter? Thanks Zach.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, no problems. Those are both important points. As it relates to the Fair Play evolution, nothing has changed from the guide we provided back in March in the RBC Conference, which is around $14 million of net impact on the fee line relative to the Q4, '21 run rate That was slightly better than the earlier guidance we provided in in January continues to be our expectation of the impact on the fee line.  As we've noted a number of times, overtime over the course of the 18 to 24 months after that, we do expect to claw that back and to benefit from higher acquisition, better retention, more account deepening as a result of those changes, but that's the kind of immediate impact. And then  sorry, the second part of your question was?
Ken Usdin: The SBA loans and are you baking that into the outlook as well?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. So, we are expecting to continue to get back to our historical practice of selling the guaranteed portion of our SBA loan production. It should -- it bears noting that the team is performing exceptionally strongly right now and really doing really, really well, driving production. So, we think that's going to support the sustainment of that sale gains, which is great.  In Q1, we had a bit of higher gains than we would have expected in the quarter just given by  from the really high level of premium in the marketplace. So it might kind of modulate modestly from that level as we go forward. But generally, that run rate will continue. And the expectation is that we'll continue to, in fact, sell that production like we have historically done.
Steve Steinour: And Ken, we've invested in the SBA unit as well over the course of last year, adding SBA capabilities in Colorado and Minnesota, in particular, and they're off to a great start. So, we should have a record year in terms of production.
Ken Usdin: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC. Please proceed with your question. 
Jon Arfstrom: Hey good morning. 
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Rich, a question for you. Can you give us your assessment of consumer health right now? There's just some mixed messages out in the market. And just give us your assessment of what you're thinking right now?
Rich Pohle: Yes. No, happy to. From our standpoint, the consumer is in very good shape, particularly in the super prime segments where we play. If you look at the delinquency numbers. From our standpoint, it's all seasonal, in terms of the normal patterns that we're following there. So, we feel good about it, particularly in the spots where we play. We do expect over the course of 2022, the consumer credit metrics will start to revert a bit to the norm, but we've remained very disciplined with our LTVs and our FICOs. So, we're very comfortable with that book. It's been a steady state performer over many cycles. We feel good about it.
Steve Steinour: And Jon, there is a phenomenon sort of lower income where the price of gas at the pump and inflation generally, including housing, is having an impact. But again, we've been super prime for more than a decade and the consistency of the performance in that, whether it's residential assets or auto will hold us in very good shape. We give the portfolio in aggregate to be on the low end of the risk spectrum, when we talk about aggregate moderate to low.
Jon Arfstrom: Yeah, okay. Fair enough. And then, wondering if you guys can touch a little bit more on the inventory finance themes, you called that out as a growing area. And obviously, it's something we all watch particularly in auto, but I know that the TCF business was in a few other sectors. But talk a little bit about the themes and what you're seeing there?
Steve Steinour: Well, this is a group that has been in existence now of even TCF that sort of formed it many years ago. And we're doing business with about 14,000 dealers nationally. So there's great distribution with the team. It's very high quality, very steady and experienced team, and we've got just an outstanding dealer relationship. So, we're able to, with OEMs, to be dynamic in part of their sales process and there are different agreements depending on the OEM in support of the dealer. So again, this group performs very well. It's gone through cycles with very low loss rates and the dealers will generally support each other. Certainly, the OEMs will support transitions of dealers that happens from time to time. So, the big issue for the group right now is just how to -- what's the schedule for ramping up supply. And as we talk about supply chain disruptions, they're feeling it in many areas, including most of the dealers. So this will be a group that just naturally will grow over time because inventories are so low. So we expect to do very well over the next few years with the group. And it's also a group that this provides great customer service and it's typically been adding OEMs every year, and we would expect that to continue this year based on the discussions that occurred thus far in the year. So very bullish on the group, a great team, one of the hidden jewels to some extent from TCF and it will allow us to do other things on the consumer finance side, and we'll talk about that probably in an upcoming conference.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. I think I asked the same question last quarter about LTVs and auto. But I guess I'm just curious, we've seen a little bit of a trend down in the LTV and really good disclosure on slide 34, I'm looking at. But just as we think about used car prices being inflated and new car prices and even like the RV and Marine, are there thoughts to further tighten some of these metrics to just insulate yourself from corrections there?
Rich Pohle: Matt, it's Rich. I'll take that one. We actually think the lower prices -- the used car prices coming down is a good thing. And if you look at the mix of new to used, it's actually picking up a little bit from the third quarter of 2021. So we are seeing more new product coming in as part of the mix. From an overall standpoint, we are a super prime lender in that space. We've got a high FICO and we use our custom scorecard that's been very effective in keeping us from relying on having to take the cars back in the first place. So we aren't really that concerned about the price movement that we've seen in the industry. We've been able to keep the LTVs, as you mentioned, in the mid-80s. And FICO goes around that 7.70 to 7.75 range. So we feel good about that. On the RV side, keep in mind, too, that that loan to value is based on wholesale costs, not the retail cost. So that's going to show a little bit higher, but there, we're in that 800-plus FICO. So from our standpoint, we don't see any real need to tighten. We've had great experience in both of those books. The RV/Marine book went through its first cycle with us really in the last couple of years and then outperformed our expectations from a loss standpoint. So we're not concerned at all about either one of those portfolios.
Steve Steinour: And we've been in the auto business, Matt, for more than half a century. And we were able to stress test the portfolios in 2009 where we had 10% and 14% unemployment rates. So we think we've got this really dialed in and there's a discipline with this quarterly reporting that goes back over a decade that shows this consistency. So while there may be some movement in loss rates, the overall approach has been very low to fault frequency based on the underwriting.
Matt O'Connor: Thats helpful. And then a similar question on the mortgage and home equity book just in the next slide, again, really helpful seeing this data over a couple of years. But there, we've seen a more material change in the LTV, in your originations. And, I guess, I'm curious, is that something that you're driving, or is that something that your client base is driving the -- using more equity against these loans? Thank you.
Rich Pohle: No. I think it's really a combination of both, but I would say it's more of the customers driving it than we've done any tightening. I think certainly, we've been conscious of housing prices. And I think what you're seeing on the slide there shows that we've been disciplined with our originations and making sure that there's sufficient equity going into the loan to keep us safe if there's a drop in values.
Matt O'Connor: Thank you.
Steve Steinour: We like secured consumer lending, Matt, as we've shared in the past, and we believe that will put us in a comparatively great shape through the cycles.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning. I wanted to follow-up with Betsy's earlier line of questioning, Zach. I'm wondering if you could quantify the earning asset growth that you're expecting. I know you're looking forward to more deposit growth from here. But just thinking about how we should think about earning asset growth relative to that high single-digit loan growth? And also at what point an absolute rate should we start modeling in or thinking about positive total deposit growth, but perhaps negative mix shift away from non-interest-bearing deposits?
Zachary Wasserman: Yeah. Good questions, both. Let me just see as some incremental color. As it relates to sort of the earning asset side of your question, there will really be two parts to it. One, that loan growth in the high single-digits as we talked about. Secondly, on the securities book. My expectation -- right now, we're standing at about 24%. I think precisely 24.5% of assets on securities. I think we will stay within the range of 24% to 26% of securities assets here for the foreseeable future just as we manage yield and liquidity and just general balance sheet management. So those two factors will drive, I think, the earning assets likewise to be pretty similar to loan growth guidance. From a deposit perspective, it's hard to sort of be overly precise in terms of the threshold level where things start to unstick and move. Our general assumption is going to be, I said, relatively lower beta initially higher later, and so we'll see that trending throughout the period. And so that's sort of generally the dynamic. The one thing I would just maybe add to my comment around the earning asset growth is just remember as well that we will have -- the one factor that will draw that down a bit is the cash side where we're continuing to redeploy our cash into funding the loan growth. And so that we've got around $6 billion on average now that will trend down throughout the course of the year back towards more like the $1 billion to typical operating range we'd see, which will pull down in earning assets growth, but that really will benefit NIM as we higher earning assets.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my follow-up question is for Steve. Steve, you've done a good job in terms of balancing, investing into the franchise and extracting cost savings, some cost savings to fund that and delivering on the TCF cost savings. I'm wondering as we think about the revenue set up from here, we clearly got from Zach the second half outlook, but good performing banks are thinking about that are sort of settled in their investment cycle have been saying something like 2% to 3% expense growth is sort of a core expense growth to think about in the future taking into account inflation. Is that something that seems reasonable for your company as you look forward perhaps the second half of 2022?
Steve Steinour: Well, we've guided for the second half of 2022 earlier. You heard Zach's comments of generally being flattish around $1 billion of expense, and that would include the expectations of inflation and other investments that we plan to make. We started with a view of 22 last August when we did a round of expense reductions to set up and deal with the inflation, Erika, and that included the 62 branches that consolidated in early February this year. So we're on track with the plan that we laid out last summer, and we're on track, if not ahead, with TCF at this point. So a lot of confidence in this year, and then we'll be adding Capstone. We think we've got revenue synergies coming with that as well. So we like how we're positioned at this stage and optimistic certainly very confident for the year and optimistic about going forward. We will be dynamic with operating expenses relative to revenues. We've committed to positive operating leverage. And I think it's eight out of nine years in the past, and you can count on that being part of our 2023 equation.
Erika Najarian: Great. Thank you so much Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks Erika.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning. I just had one question, Steve and Zach. I think you mentioned you hit the 17% plus medium term ROTCE target back half of the year. Just talk to us in terms of the sustainability of the ROTCE profile from here, looking into the medium term, just in terms of the downside risk as we think about maybe getting to a point where the Fed goes back to cutting interest rates, some normalization in credit. What's the level of ROTCE that you think is defensible even in a less conducive revenue backdrop?
Zach Wasserman: This is Zach and I'll take the first shot at that and then Steve to see if he wants to tack on as well. Generally, feel great about the 17% level. So, for the foreseeable future and forecasting that level even if the budgeted rate curve, which I mentioned before, was considerably lower than the current rate curve. So, I think that we feel good about that level over the medium term, as we said. One of the things that we're, frankly, internally really excited about is getting to the second half of the year, delivering these medium term targets that we first put out in December of 2020 when we announced the TCF acquisition and then being able to reset and provide some updated guidance at that point. And my expectation is we'll see at or above that level that guidance as well.
Steve Steinour: So, just to add, we had a very good first quarter. We've talked since the fourth quarter about growing momentum, but we are not hitting on all cylinders. We still see a lot of upside on the TCF synergies and on some of the other investments we've made. So, there's a revenue dynamic that we hope we'll be able to continue and expect to be able to continue to develop throughout this year, and that will provide some cushion for maybe normalized provision as well as somewhat different scenarios. Like the way the businesses are positioned, we're roughly balanced, as you know, consumer and business. And on the business side, we've had a lot of scale added with TCF and investments made in new capabilities and products, and you'll continue to see that. That's part of the plan as we go forward this year. And I think that's going to position us to have a consistency over the next few years in a variety of scenarios.
Zach Wasserman: The one thing I would just tack on to that, just at the end here is a key contributor to this is not only our balance sheet and capital allocation, which is just ever more robust and dialed in to drive cost returns, but also the growth of our fee businesses. Notwithstanding our guidance that we provided this quarter where fees will be growing. So, it's slower than spread by Q4 of this year, just driven by the extraordinary rate environment driven by some temporal factors in mortgage and our fair play product evolution, broadly speaking, though, I think the course of the long-term, which was nature of your question, I expect fee revenues to grow as a percentage of revenues by around a percentage point per year. And I think that disciplined capital allocation driving for returns, the driving toward fee-intensive businesses and payments and capital markets at our wealth and advisory, those things are the ones that sort of contribute to that sustaining ROE even under various interest rate scenarios.
Ebrahim Poonawala: That's clear. And just as a quick follow-up to that. How do you own no buybacks this year? But when we think about capital allocation, and you mentioned on the fee side, anything that we should expect in terms of inorganic growth, be it Capstone-like transactions or anything on the fintech side or the wealth management that you're looking at?
Steve Steinour: Well, there are fee businesses that if they were available would be interesting to us. But I would characterize them generally on the smaller side and wouldn't change the overall guidance that Zach provided to you. As we continue to build out our capabilities, we look from time-to-time as we did with Huntington Technology Finance, -- I think, four or five years ago. And so this is -- there may be some opportunities over the next couple of years to complement our capabilities and build the fee-generating potential to an even greater extent than what Zach portrayed. And if we find things that make sense and would be additive to our customer service and our customer growth then we'd look at that. But we're generally very focused on driving the opportunities we have in hand with the TCF combination and the investments we've already made.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, next one.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hi. Good morning everyone.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to first follow-up on deposits. I didn't fully understand your response to Erika's question. What's the deposit growth assumption that's underlying the NII guide for 2022?
Zach Wasserman: I haven't provided that guidance precisely, but I do expect continued, let's call it, mid-single-digit deposit growth overall commercial growing faster. Consumer growing a little slower, but both are growing. And I think on the consumer side, we are not seeing any imminent signs of any change in the level of savings activity and sort of trends around deposits. I think the whole concept of surge balances has been somewhat debunked at this point, but they're fairly sticky and the trends are fairly stable on the consumer side. On the commercial side, we're really benefiting from just sort of penetrating operating accounts and our focus around treasury management that's driving that as well as new client acquisition through particularly our growth in middle market and our specialty areas. So, generally seeing it is positive continued growth in deposits that are going to be single-digit slow.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That's helpful. And then, Steve, on the Capstone deal, is this really intended to make you more of a one-stop shop, right, better position you to serve existing clients, or is this a new focus for Huntington, right? You're going to invest meaningfully in this capability? And do you plan to build your banking capabilities around these new verticals you're picking up? Thanks.
Steve Steinour: Capstone is a top-ranked middle market investment bank and advisory firm in its own right. But we have a significant client base that if the services were made available to them would help us expand our menu of cross-sell and eventually even feed our wealth businesses. So we felt this was an important additional component to the core delivery. It does give us expertise in a select number of verticals that they have as well, or access to that. And I think that will help the commercial bank grow overall. I suspect we'll continue to build out their investment banking capabilities on a national basis, so that will be additive. But we really think it's synergistic with us at the core of what we're doing and are quite optimistic about this. We have been working with them for over a year in terms of a fee share arrangement for certain referrals both ways and have really gotten insight into the culture of the company and its capabilities. And that's what made this opportunity very attractive.
Steven Alexopoulos: And do you plan on building out the banking in areas like fintech services, energy, et cetera? Is that part of the plan?
Steve Steinour: We don't have plans on the build-out yet. We have a -- we're maybe a couple of months away from even closing on what they have and -- but where they have specialty capabilities, now we will take advantage of those. We'll look at that if there's some augmentation to scale up to where they have existing capabilities. And then over time, we'll assess new areas.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next questions come from the line of Brian Foran with Autonomous. Please proceed with your questions.
Brian Foran: Hi. I guess maybe one follow-up on deposits, and I'll preface it. I definitely remember last time or last rising rate cycle, you really outperformed the industry on deposit growth, especially low-cost deposit growth. So kind of history is on your side and you've done it before. But, I guess, mid-single-digit growth led by commercial, like, I say, probably the center capacity of your, is like flattish deposit growth this year with commercial maybe declining a bit. You listed a couple of reasons, but can you just maybe flesh out kind of your high single-digit commercial growth in an environment where peers are down a little bit? What is really -- how do you get that much differentiation?
Zach Wasserman: It's hard to say much about the comparison to peers is, not knowing what's in their business and the visibility that they've got. All I can tell you is, we seem to be gaining market share in winning, particularly on the commercial side. And I think it's not surprising to us, because we've been investing in our commercial business and the flow-through of deposits is sort of the manifestation of the returns on those investments we've been making, both exclusive of TCF and then as of late, really capturing the TCF opportunity to build in the middle market. As we said, we're building out terrific middle market teams in the Denver and Colorado area and the Twin Cities and just generally seizing the opportunity that's available within the new TCF geographies for Huntington in that space and then also in business banking, I would say. So again, it's hard to make a comparison, other than say, we are seeing those trends manifest then and it's encouraging. As I said before, our focus is making sure that this is not hot money. These are really core accounts. We often use treasury as sort of the -- treasury management as the tip of the spear to really drive penetration of not only those capabilities and those services, but ultimately to cement those operating accounts in terms of the strategy. So that's the trends we're seeing. We feel confident about that forecast.
Steve Steinour: Brian, we've had optimal customer relationship or OCR approaches to deepening or cross sell for more than a decade now. And the TCF business lines did not. They just didn't have the capabilities. So there's a broad base of customers that we have access to the edge that we put in place the data tool for the commercial teams and that we put that in place in the fourth quarter. That's given us a lot of insight and traction coming on that overall OCR strategy. So, good execution by the teams. We also shared over the fourth quarter -- third quarter call, if I remember correctly, that we were using an investment portal with one of our partners, to move some of the deposits off balance sheet with the view that we bring some of them back on as rate cycle change, and we'll do that as well. So those may be some of the contributing factors in addition to what Zach shared. Thank you for the question.
Brian Foran: If maybe I could squeeze in one on capital, and it's as much an industry question is Huntington specific. But I guess the tangible common equity ratio matter at all this cycle. I mean, it's certainly getting lower for you and a lot of peers than it has been in a long time. But driven by rates, AOCI is kind of a funky concept. It fair values one line item, not any other. Is it just solely about the CET1 ratio? Is there any level of TCE ratio that you view as a floor? Should we care about the TCE ratio at all, I guess, is the crux of the question?
Steve Steinour: Brian, in 2008 and 2009, that was the only ratio that we cared about, right? So -- but the industry clearly has migrated to CET1. It's surprising to me your question is the first one is probably a decade path of this nature. And we're obviously focused on it as well. That's why we have a fairly high HCM percentage of the investment portfolio. We've done certain other actions, including the hedging that Zach described today. And we'll continue to look at that, but it does not appear to be a driver. It does not come up at regulatory conversations. So it would seem that the investment community and the regulatory community both moved on to CET1.
Brian Foran: That's great. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question for today will come from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Winter: Thanks. I just had a quick follow-up question on indirect auto. If you could talk a little bit about the outlook for indirect auto, some of the peers are pulling back because of the loan pricing pressures. I'm just wondering what your thoughts are?
Steve Steinour: We really like that asset class, and we've been with it in and out of cycles. It is a short duration paper on average, as Zach shared earlier, 25 months weighted average life. So even in rising rates, it gets a little tighter and declining rates, the spread looks great. We're with it. We will stay with it on a consistent basis, and that's part of the value to the dealers. And so we have shown in the past a relative premium pricing for the -- as a consequence of the consistency in the market. We believe we're still achieving that, and we like the asset a lot. It will narrow a bit in terms of spreads in a rising rate environment, but it's a short-lived asset and it's still better than many of the alternatives. As you heard from Rich, we're confident in the performance. So this is, from our perspective, a good asset of 1-plus ROA asset historically. And our dealers, our auto dealers technically the deepest cross-sell total relationship cross-sell that we have in the company.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks, Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: So thank you very much for joining us today. We're very proud of our colleagues, and I want to thank them for their commitment to driving results in a great quarter. We have a lot of confidence in our teams and what we can deliver for our customers and especially our shareholders over the course of 2022 as you heard. I appreciate very much your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-21 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter Earnings Call.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, operator. Welcome, everyone and good morning. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing today can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and a replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this Slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Tim. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining the call today. Let me begin on Slide 3. 2021 was a transformational year for Huntington. We continue to live our purpose and remain focused on our vision to become the country's leading people first digitally powered bank. We executed on our organic growth initiatives along with a timely closing of the TCF acquisition. In the fourth quarter, we began by successfully completing conversion activities. And by the time we exited the quarter, we'd refocused our teams on driving growth. We delivered record new loan production and continued to build on revenue initiatives. We entered '22 with added scale, density, new markets and specialty businesses. We are intently focused on driving growth and delivering top tier financial performance. On Slide 4, we're pleased to report our excellent fourth quarter results centered on four key areas. First, we finished '21 with record full year revenue growth and broad-based loan production. We delivered strong performance across the board in our commercial businesses. Second, our targeted cost savings are on track for full realization. This includes both the synergies resulting from TCF as well as the additional expense actions we announced last quarter. Third, we are executing on key initiatives to deliver sustainable growth. Pipelines are robust entering '22 and our teams are focused on driving revenue growth, including the revenue synergy initiatives related to our new markets, and capabilities. Finally, we are very confident in our outlook for 2022 and beyond. Slide 5 recaps our year-end review. Our financial results reflect the hard work of our teams over the course of '21. Return on tangible common equity came in at 19% excluding notable items. Credit performed very well, and we returned significant capital to our shareholders. We delivered robust organic growth in both consumer and business checking households with year-over-year growth of 4.5% and 7%, respectively. We continue to invest in revenue producing colleagues and initiatives, including new and expanded commercial banking verticals, capital markets, cards and payments and wealth management. In the commercial bank, we launched EDGE, an innovative analytics tool that supports our bankers deepening efforts incorporating advanced data and insights tailored to each customer. In consumer banking, we build upon our Fair Play approach and launched new and compelling products and services, such as Standby Cash and Early Pay. We expanded our leading SBA lending program to new states as well as added to our practice finance capabilities. We were honored to be recognized for our expertise evidenced by being ranked number one by J.D. Power for both customer satisfaction within our region, as well as the top consumer mobile app amongst regional banks for the third consecutive year. Impressively, this was all achieved while our team successfully completed the closing and conversion of TCF. On the capital front, we were pleased to accelerate our share repurchase program as well as increase the common stock dividend. In closing, our teams accomplished a tremendous amount of work over the course of the year, and I want to thank all of our colleagues and our management team who supported these efforts. I am increasingly bullish on the year ahead. The level of excitement is building across the organization and our colleagues are energized and focused. We look forward to sharing our successes with all of you as we move throughout the year. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 6 provides highlights of our fourth quarter results. We reported GAAP earnings per common share of $0.26. Adjusted for notable items, earnings per common share were $0.36. Return on tangible common equity or ROTCE came in at 13.2% for the quarter. Adjusted for notable items, ROTCE was 18.2%. We were pleased to see loan balances rebound substantially during the quarter driven by robust new production activity, as total loans increased by $1.4 billion and including PPP runoff loans increased by $2.4 million. Consistent with our plan, we reduced core expenses excluding notable items by $21 million from last quarter, driven by the realization of cost synergies and ongoing highly disciplined expense management. We manage absolute core expense dollars lower, while continuing to grow investments in strategic areas across the bank, such as digital capabilities, marketing to drive new customer acquisition, and relationship deepening and select new personnel additions to support our revenue growth initiatives. Within fee income categories, we saw continued momentum in our capital markets as well as wealth and investment businesses. Strong credit performance continued to be a hallmark with net charge-offs of 12 basis points and non-performing assets declining by 16% from the prior quarter. We actively managed our capital base, repurchasing $150 million of common stock in the fourth quarter. To date, we have completed $650 million of our $800 million share repurchase program. Turning to Slide 7. Period end loan balances increased by 1.2% quarter-over-quarter, totaling $111.9 billion. Total loan balances excluding PPP increased $2.4 billion or 2.2% during the quarter, driven by commercial loans. Within commercial, excluding PPP, loans increased by $2.5 billion or 4.4% compared to the prior quarter. This growth was broad-based across all major portfolios, and was driven by record new commercial loan production. Growth was led by middle market, corporate and specialty banking, which increased by $1 billion and represented 40% of total commercial loan growth this quarter. Inventory finance increased by $597 million; auto dealer floorplan increased by $276 million; asset finance increased by $160 million; and commercial real estate increased by $267 million. Within corporate and specialty banking, each of our commercial verticals contributed to growth this quarter, including corporate banking, tech and telecom, health care and franchise. Inventory finance growth was driven by a combination of seasonally higher balances due to inventory shipments in the quarter as well as expansion of existing customer programs. Higher utilization levels drove approximately two-thirds of the increased balances. In auto floorplan, we are continuing to add new dealer relationships and growing our overall commitment levels. In addition, balance has benefited from improved utilization rates, which increased from the mid-20s to approximately 30% in the quarter. Even as we delivered record loan production, calling activities across the business continued at a rapid pace. We ended the quarter with commercial loan pipelines 34% higher versus the prior quarter and 49% higher than prior year, supporting our outlook for continued loan growth ex PPP throughout 2022. On the consumer side, residential mortgage increased by $334 million and auto increased by $129 million. This was offset by home equity, which declined by $369 million. Turning to Slide 8, deposit balances increased by $1.4 billion as we continue to experience elevated customer liquidity and optimize our funding, reducing CD balances by over $700 million. Consumer deposit balances increased by $1.6 billion from the prior quarter. Commercial balances increased by $300 million from the prior quarter. On Slide 9, reported net interest income declined modestly from the prior quarter as a result of lower PPP revenue. Core net interest income excluding PPP and purchase accounting accretion was stable at $1.085 billion. With ending loan balances well above average balances for the quarter, we enter the first quarter of 2022 with a solid launch point from which to grow core net interest income going forward. Additionally, we continue to manage excess liquidity by funding loan growth and adding to the securities portfolio, reducing excess cash with the Fed to $3.7 billion from $8.1 billion at prior quarter end. On an average basis for the quarter, excess liquidity represented a drag on margin of approximately 14 basis points. Turning to Slide 10, we are dynamically managing the balance sheet to increase asset sensitivity and provide downside protection. During the fourth quarter, we added $2.8 billion of securities, and we continue to optimize our hedging program. We terminated $3.9 billion of received fixed swaps and floors and we entered into new pay fixed swaps in order to bolster our asset sensitivity. As rates move higher, we opportunistically added $5 billion of received fixed swaps in order to manage downside risks. At year-end, our modeled net interest income asset sensitivity in an up 100 basis points scenario was 4.6%. We have steadily increased this metric over the past 18 months, supporting our ability to continue to capture upside opportunity as interest rates increase. Moving to Slide 11, non-interest income was $515 million, up $106 million year-over-year and down $20 million from last quarter. Lower fee revenues in the fourth quarter were driven by a decline in mortgage banking, primarily as a result of lower saleable spreads. Our targeted focused on growing strategic fee revenue streams continue to bear fruit with capital market fees up $7 million or 18% from the prior quarter. Wealth and investments and insurance also performed quite well. Card and payments revenues, which are typically seasonally flat from Q3 to Q4 declined slightly from the prior quarter impacted at the margin by ATM volumes and the debit card conversion for TCF customers during the month of October. The underlying core business activity in cards and payments continues to be very solid. And we saw a restoration of ongoing growth in that business as the quarter progressed after conversion. Deposit service charges declined $13 million compared to the prior quarter as a result of TCF customers transitioning onto the Huntington Fair Play product set. Moving on to Slide 12, non-interest expense declined $68 million from the prior quarter. And excluding notable items, core expenses declined by $21 million to $1.034 billion as we captured cost savings from the acquisition and exercise discipline expense management. As we shared previously, we expect our core expenses to trend down in the first and second quarters, fairly ratably over that period to approximately $1 billion on the second quarter. Even as we work to bring down expense levels, we're continuing to invest in initiatives that will drive sustainable revenue growth, while being disciplined and managing our overall expense base. As you saw last quarter, we took additional actions in order to free up capacity to support these investments, while remaining committed to the absolute core expense declines in the near-term. Over the longer term, we expect expense growth to be a function of revenue growth as we manage within our commitment to positive operating leverage. Slide 13 highlights our capital position. Common equity Tier 1 ended the quarter at 9.3%, consistent with our prior guidance to operate within the lower half of our 9% to 10% operating guideline. We have $150 million remaining of our current share repurchase program. As you can see on Slide 14, credit quality continues to perform well. Net charge-offs declined for the fourth consecutive quarter. Our non-performing assets declined 16% from the previous quarter. Our ending allowance for credit losses represented 1.88% of total loans down from 1.99% at prior quarter end. The improving economic outlook and our stable credit quality resulted in a reserve release of $98 million in the fourth quarter. Slide 15 covers our medium-term financial goals. We are focused on driving sustained revenue growth, while managing expenses within our long-term commitment to positive operating leverage and achieving a 17% plus return on tangible common equity. We expect to begin seeing this performance in the second half of 2022. Finally, turning to Slide 16, let me share a couple thoughts on our expectations for 2022. Our outlook is based on the starting point of our most recent quarterly results with expectations for year-over-year comparisons for the fourth quarter of 2022. It also assumes continued economic expansion aligned to market consensus as well as interest rate yield curve expectations as of early January. We expect average loan growth, ex PPP to be up high single digits based on our starting point of $107.9 billion. As a result of loan growth and modestly higher net interest margin, we expect core net interest income on a dollar basis, excluding PPP and purchase accounting accretion to grow in the high single-digit to low double digits range. Fee revenues are expected to be up low single digits, driven by robust growth in key categories aligned to our strategies, including capital markets, our card and treasury management payments businesses, and wealth and advisory with offsetting impact from lower year-over-year revenues in mortgage banking, and the continued evolution of our Fair Play products. As mentioned, we expect to continue to drive sequential reduction in core expenses for the next several quarters, as we fully realize the TCF cost synergies and benefit from broader expense management. At the same time, we are continuing to invest in our strategic growth initiatives and new revenue synergy opportunities. We expect the quarterly run rate of core expenses to be approximately $1 billion by the second quarter, and then remaining relatively stable over the second half of the year from that level. In closing, we're keenly focused on the revenue opportunities ahead of us. We have the teams directed toward these key initiatives and we're confident in our 2022 outlook to deliver on this plan. We believe these drivers of our outlook are aligned with our goals for sustained revenue growth, a 17% plus return on tangible common equity, and our commitment to annual positive operating leverage. Now, let me pass it back to Steve for a couple closing comments before we open up for Q&A.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Zach. Slide 17 summarizes what we believe is a compelling opportunity. Huntington stands as a powerful top 10 regional bank with scale and leading market density as well as a compelling set of capabilities, both in footprint and nationally. We're focused on driving sustainable revenue growth, which is bolstered by new markets and new businesses. This growth opportunity augments our underlying businesses in many cases where we have top 10 market positions. As a result of these factors, we've demonstrated robust financial performance that we expect to further improve as we move throughout '22. We believe our return on capital will be in the top tier versus peers, which results in substantial value creation for shareholders. Tim, let's open up the call for Q&A.
Tim Sedabres: Thanks, Steve. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator:  Thank you. And our first question today is from the line of Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed with your questions.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Hey, good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Ebrahim.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning.
Ebrahim Poonawala: I guess maybe just wanted to follow-up around the expense guidance. Zach, you mentioned about a billion dollars flatlining in the back half. But just give us a little bit of puts and takes in terms of where the savings are coming right now. I'm sure much like everyone else, you're investing in the franchise. So, if you don't mind giving us a lens of like how we should think about a little bit of a medium-term expense growth outlook, or are there saving opportunities at the bank where expenses could be around these levels for more than just 2022?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, thanks for the question. I think its an area of important focus for us as well. Just taking a step back, really pleased with the trajectory that we're on here. As we've talked about for a while, we're committed to take our expenses from the high watermark in Q3 of '21 at $1.055 billion down to that $1 billion over a three-quarter period. And we saw the first step guide in Q4 of $21 million. We expect to see the remaining fairly ratably in Q1 and Q2 and then fairly steady for the balance of '22. I think as you get beyond '22 and out into the future, the way we're looking at it is to manage within the confines of our commitment to positive operating leverage, just as we have for the 8 of last 9 years. Given our revenue growth trajectory and what we expect to be pretty solid and sustained revenue growth, that'll provide the capacity to maintain expenses within that level and still invest back in the business. And clearly there will be plenty of opportunities as we go forward to continue to drive scale, efficiencies, process improvement, automation in lots of ways to drive efficiencies that will allow us to plow back investments into the key initiatives, while still achieving that positive operating leverage.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Got it. And just as a follow-up, as part of the loan growth guidance, if you could remind us, it means TCF obviously had a bunch of businesses that are levered towards CapEx and inventory rebuilds, both in auto dealer and outside of that, how much of that is baked into this loan growth guidance? And what's the potential for loan growth actually exceeding expectations that you outlined?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, so the guidance as we as we talked about was high single digits for loan growth. Overall, it will be driven by production. I think it will look pretty similar to what we saw in Q4. That is commercial-led, driven by production and really supported by what we are seeing from our customers and just really robust pipeline and calling activities at this point. And it's across all the commercial sectors, including those that we've now incorporated in TCF middle market corporate banking, especially verticals, but also really important contributors from the inventory finance business, the vendor and asset finance business that we had picked up from TCF as well. In addition, I would point out, continued contribution from the consumer side as well. We are expecting sustained growth in resi on sheet. Auto, RV/Marine and also likely benefiting there from your lower prepays as we go forward. We have assumed a modest contribution from utilization improvement during the year and that will contribute to some degree. But I would note that $5 billion of line utilization below pre-pandemic levels is just a massive coiled spring that will enable us to fuel growth. It will likely some in the back half of '22, much more as we go out into the future into '23 and beyond.
Ebrahim Poonawala: Helpful. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to start by maybe drilling down a little into the margin. Zach, maybe sort of your best thoughts on how you see the margin trajecting throughout the year. I guess maybe the best starting point is probably the adjusted 2.78 margin. And to the extent that you're comfortable, any thoughts on your sort of your best estimate for how much benefit you would get from each Fed rate hike?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, its a great question. The guidance implies stable to slightly higher. And that's my expectation to continue to kind of trend ratably higher fare  as we go forward. And I think the dynamic that we'll see is very similar to what we've been talking about for a while. We'll see a slow roll off of our previous preexisting hedging program. But that'll be offset by benefits in reductions in the level of excess liquidity and the drag on margin that represents we talked about 14 basis point drag in Q4. We said we do expect a lot of that to run off, not all of it to run off during 2022, which will be a benefit. And then in the rate environment, which to the point of your question is somewhat uncertain, just given where the expectations rate hikes are at this point, excuse me, in the forward yield curve. But I do expect that to be a positive contributor as we go forward here.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect and just sort to be clear, I think in your prepared remarks, you noted that the NII guide was based on early January market expectations. So, does that embed then three Fed rate hikes into the guidance?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, correct. So, the planning and budgeting that we completed was based on the early January rate curve that had three rate hikes in it. Over the last few weeks, clearly the curve has moved and sort of roughly pulled about a month forward had previously been the trajectory around the forward yield curve such that now there's, I think, a fourth hike now forecasted in the very last period in the year. That should be helpful for our q4 Guidance, but I would point you back to the guidance as slightly being in terms of the key range there inclusive of that.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. All right, thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to start -- so the net interest income outlook for 2022 has a pretty wide range, low -- high single-digit to low double-digit. Can you walk through because you're basing it on the forward curve? So, what is the swing factor that will take you either to the low end of that range or high end of that range?
Steve Steinour: Yes, I would say it's mainly driven by where we end on asset growth. The more asset growth we have, the more kind of incremental NII lift we will have on a growth basis, just given the fact that the yield will be stable to up. And so that's the big driver there I think as well. Just further to the last question, where the rate curve ends up going throughout the course of the year, it's clearly been somewhat volatile here over the last several months. At the -- where its at now, I think our guidance stands and those are the dynamics that drive the range within it.
Zach Wasserman: We're  within the range of somewhat.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Guys, so if average loans come out up high single digits, you'd be somewhere on the midpoint? Is that safe to assume of the NII guide?
Zach Wasserman: Correct.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks. And then on expenses, you guys seem to be one of the few banks not lifting the expense outlook given all this talk on inflation. Are you just not seeing as much wage pressure and inflation in your footprint? Are you just finding more offsets that others aren't finding? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Look, I think we're clearly seeing some indicators of inflation within the business, I would -- most notably hiring new talent and just starting the compensation expectations from our top talent. And I know when we talk to our clients, particularly those that are in commodity intensive businesses or labor-intensive businesses, they're feeling it having to adjust to manage it. At this point, the direct impacts on our expense space have been relatively limited. And we anticipate some wage inflation as we're going into the year trying to get ahead of it. Took a series of actions around compensation, we announced an increased or minimum wage across the company to $19 an hour from what had previously been $17. We made a number of other health priority adjustments. And so, we think we've got it box now in the 2022 plan included in our guidance. Lastly, I guess I would close, I think there's a unique point in time that we have perhaps some others don't, where we've got the benefits of scale coming from the TCF acquisition. Both the cost synergies that we've already defined and are executing against, but over the long-term we see more opportunities to continue to refine it and get scale efficiency. So that also I think contributes to helping us to maintain that really solid expense growth less revenue.
Steve Steinour: Steven, just add on, we took some actions in the third quarter, and that includes 62 branch consolidations, that will happen in early February. And we took some other management, what weve stylized as organization issues as well. So, we anticipated some level of inflation coming into the year. We try to get ahead of it with those actions taken in the third quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Very good. Thanks for taking my questions.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks. Good morning, guys. Good morning. I was wondering, Zack, in the outlook for NII, you talked about the loan growth side. I was just wondering if you could fill that in and tell us how you're thinking about both the growth and mix on the deposit side?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I do expect to see deposit growth begin to accelerate here. And I think it will be a pretty balanced mix between consumer and commercial as we go forward. For the last several quarters, we've been putting a sort of smaller emphasis on that, just came out strong. Liquidity has been throughout the system and the teams are repivoting back to drive that growth. And so that'll be a good balance to fund than what we expect to be, as I noted, accelerated loan growth throughout the year.
Ken Usdin: Right. That's why I was just wondering, are you expecting earning assets to still grow? Or is it more about remixing the left side of the balance sheet?
Zach Wasserman: Look, I think we'll see a bit of incremental growth in the securities portfolio, we're watching the elevated liquidity situation pretty closely. And same playbook, we've been operating with the last several quarters, just taking an incremental view, month-by-month looking at where that trend is and optimizing to see if there's -- if it's appropriate add additional securities. But I do think there's some remixing as we see loan growth start to accelerate to hit the high single-digit guidance that we've given.
Ken Usdin: Right. Okay. And the -- just -- can you tell us in your fee guide, what you're using in terms of the Fair Play impact and outlook on overdrafts and related fees? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Yes, let's talk about that.
Steve Steinour: Yes, let me start. We introduced Fair Play 12 years ago, brought out 24-hour Grace and Asterisk-Free Checking. We've been doing things almost every year. 2014, we noticed all the deposits, but more recently and in '20, we put the safety zone and $50 minimal that we took 24-hour Grace to our business customers, because of the pandemic and the impact on small businesses and we felt that was the right time and thing to do to help those businesses at that point in time. But last year, we came forward with Standby Cash and Early Pay. And obviously, we've rolled all that out effective with the conversion to the TCF customers. So, we've pointed out an expected drag of that. Now we also -- we backed ourselves into a leadership position, I think for more than the last decade in this area. It's added to our brand value, our customer household growth, our relationship retention and expansion and significant deepening across product. So that is added to our brand and our loyalty and I think as we go forward, we will still retain this leadership role. There are plans we have in place going back now a number of months to do some more, looking out for our customers with Fair Play obviously with what the industry is doing and pivot in the last month or so. We're watching that closely and we would expect to react to that and will communicate more going forward. But Zacks guidance range includes what we're contemplating as we move forward this year in Fair Play and other fees. Maybe Zach you can just embellish the guidance, if you will .
Zach Wasserman: Yes, let me tack on to what the comments Steve just made. When we construct these product changes, we think about the economics holistically. There are fees that we see on a gross basis, like overdraft. But there are also a lot of other levers in the consumer checking product economics, like other related account fees, other product features. And over time really importantly, the impact of that market leadership position has on elevated acquisition, that kind of retention and the relationship deepening that we can drive. And so, to be clear, included in my guidance on the overall fee line is the assumption of a net fee reduction of approximately $16 million in Q4 from these changes. I would expect them to be in place by the middle of the year. I would highlight that notwithstanding that impact, we do expect to see continued growth on the overall fee line as indicated by my guidance and low single digits driven by those strategic categories, cap markets payments, wealth and advisory. In addition to the fee impacts from the changes we're anticipating in our consumer products, we also expect to see a reduction of between $3 million and $5 million per quarter in charge-offs as the lower overdraft fees that we charge on a gross basis create just fewer incidences of uncollectible fees and it has lower charge-offs. Just taking a step back maybe kind of concluding on this discussion, we really believe that the positioning of our products is critical. And as we maintain that market leadership, this is a play we've run many times before. And the benefits we see in acquisition, retention and deepening as we maintain that leadership, we would expect to earn back that run rate fee loss in approximately 18 to 24 months, very much consistent with what we've seen in the past.
Ken Usdin: Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Jon Arfstrom: Great. Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Steve Steinour: Hey, Jon.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning.
Jon Arfstrom: Question for you guys, obviously the expense gains and the revenue gains looks pretty good. There's one piece of it we haven't tackled and that's provisions. And just curious how you feel about credit and risk you still have fairly high reserves relative to peers. I know some of that's accounting, but with the lower loss expectations, and Zack, what you just said as well in charge-offs, can you help us think through the provision expectations?
Rich Pohle: Yes, I mean, this is Rich, let me take that. We feel very good about the condition of the portfolio right now. The charge-offs for the year and the reduction in the NPA is both notable and both very positive. As it relates to the provision and the allowance, we have always been on the conservative side of the allowance. We started CECL day one on the high end and we've been very conservative on the way up, and I think very prudent on the way down. And we'll continue that way. And there's things that we're looking at in the economy as it relates to supply chain and labor, that type of thing. And just the continuing impacts of COVID that are just giving us pause as it relates to where we set the allowance, but it's a very disciplined process that we go through every quarter. We've had five consecutive reductions in the ACL ratio since we peaked in the third quarter of 2020. And we'll look at it every quarter as we always do with a very disciplined approach. And if this supply chain ease, conditions ease and labor conditions start to improve. I would expect that w will have continued reductions over time.
Steve Steinour: Jon, our outlook is for reductions during '22 and charge-offs below the historic range. And we ended the year with very, very good credit quality and very pleased with performance of the portfolio that came up with TCF. So, loans have been regraded. So, there's consistency now, as of end of year. And the economic outlook plus what we see in the customer base is it gives us a lot of optimism as we go forward on the provision line.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. That helps. And then just as a follow-up, Steve, maybe more of a medium-term view on credit. It seems like you obviously have strong growth, and I know you're a risk person by nature, but the entire industry has strong growth expectations as well. Curious how long you think this all lasts without any real concerns on credit? Thanks.
Steve Steinour: My current belief, Jon, is that we are going to go through '24 with a fairly robust GDP growth and performance on credit. And there's just an enormous amount of stimulus that's been enacted thus far. And some of it is multiyear, where the economy has performed well, but it's been labor constrained. As that sorts out, I think that puts longer legs into the growth. The supply chain issues that we face that are constraining production did constrain at '21, we will do so for much of '22, if not all the year, we'll get updated over time. We think things will get better a bit in the second half. But in some of these industries, '23 will become a more normal year. So those factors and others give us confidence that we've got a multiyear positive slope on loan growth and GDP and underlying credit quality. Now Rich will remain disciplined. We published the quarterly results for consumer and there's literally no variance over the last decade plus. So, we're quite confident of our capabilities to manage the risks at these levels. We're very pleased with the additional talent we gathered from TCF both in the origination side and in credit areas as we think about future. So, '25 or beyond would be where we're a little more concerned that we will be over the next few years.
Jon Arfstrom: Thanks a lot, Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush. Please proceed with your questions.
Peter Winter: Good morning, Zack. Good morning. Zach, I wanted to follow-up on Ken's questions just with regards to the outlook for service charges on deposit with the Fair Play. It was down $13 million this quarter. Can you just go through what the outlook is from fourth quarter levels just with the puts and takes that you talked about, again?
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Absolutely. Good question. We converted the TCF customers on the second week of October. So, we had almost the entire quarter's worth of run rate of the TCF customers on to the Fair Play product in Q4. There might be a very marginal incremental impact into Q1. But for the most part, we're kind of at the new level trending. And as we said, we're continuing to roll out new product changes frankly of the same kind of nature that weve been doing across the last 10 years, but we do expect to respond to what's happening and to do that by the middle of this year. And that will drive the roughly $16 billion incremental quarterly run rate reduction in fees on a net basis by Q4, just to be clear in the guidance. So those are the kind of puts and takes here at kind of a relatively flat level and then we will see those new changes come into place midyear with that roughly $16 million quarterly reduction in Q4.
Peter Winter: Got it. Got it. And that's helpful. And then just, I was wondering, could you just give an update on revenue synergies from TCF, where you're seeing the biggest opportunities and what's happening in some of the newer markets? And if I think back to the FirstMerit deal, I think it was about $100 million in revenue synergies. I'm just wondering if maybe you could quantify what the impact could be with TCF.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, we are really, really pleased with where they're going. I mean, we talked about this a little bit in multiple conferences, but there are four or five big buckets of them, the -- expanding our corporate business in the middle market, the corporate base and specialty businesses into the major commercial hubs within the formerly TCF geographic footprint like expanding in Chicago, expanding in Detroit. Denver is brand new. Minneapolis and St. Paul, brand-new to Huntington. And so that's a big one. Bringing the consumer product set to the TCF customers, we're seeing the second major bucket and we're seeing terrific early signs of engagement and how folks are reacting to not only the product set, but the digital channels and capabilities. Third, expanding our business banking and market-leading SBA production into the TCF geographies and we're well underway hiring out those teams and beginning to get early traction. Wealth management and private banking is an enormous fourth opportunity for us and we've already begun to build out very significant teams, for example, in Minneapolis, Twin Cities and in Denver. And then lastly, just leveraging the really now quite sizable scale equipment and inventory finance business, combining what we had before and then the great businesses that we brought over from TCF. So those are the five big buckets and we're seeing good traction and wins already. We haven't given a precise guidance on that in the past, I'm not ready to do that today, but it's already contributing to the growth outlook and helping us to drive the kind of acceleration that we expect to see in both fees and loans in 2022. And as we go forward, we will continue to provide more and more color on that as those continue to develop.
Steve Steinour: Zach, if I could add, the capital markets fee income lift in the fourth quarter was at least in part related to the combination of TCF. So middle market banking didn't exist in Chicago or the Twin Cities or Denver for TCF. The broker-dealer was outsourced. And we talked about wealth. It's just that there are a number of product categories and capabilities that we have that we will be bringing into these expanded markets. And then in the context of the things that TCF did incredibly well, asset finance, inventory finance, et cetera, we have now the ability to cross-sell into that customer base, which historically was not done. So, on the consumer side, 1.5 million consumers that we've a much more robust product venue set that we will be offering and we are a multiple on home equity and again, which was not offered in a branch delivery system by TCF as well as mortgage. So excited across the board. We think we have a lot of consumer and business opportunities on the cross-sell side.
Peter Winter: That's great. Thanks, Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Erika Najarian with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning. I just had a few cleanup questions on NII sensitivity. But Steve, I thought it was very interesting when a large bank kicked off earnings saying 24-hour Grace and something you kicked off 12 years ago. My first question is for Zach. Zach, can you tell us in the 4.6% NII sensitivity what you're assuming for deposit repricing in that analysis? And what do you expect to actually happen as you think about the first few rate hikes?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, that's a great question, Erika. Thank you. As it relates to deposit betas, I think it's a little too early to tell. We're expecting similar dynamics to the last major rate cycle. We do believe there will be competing forces here, some -- at the extremely low level of starting rates we're at right now would tend to indicate a higher beta. With that being said, the level of -- extraordinary levels of excess liquidity across the system would tend to mute that and indicate a lower beta. So, I say we're watching the situation very carefully on liquidity and the pace of loan growth. And we will be disciplined and dynamic as we go forward. In the actual modeling of the asset sensitivity, those models are intended to be stable on average over time and irrespective of the current level of interest rates to model the ramp. And so, the assumptions in that are around 25% to 30% beta, which has been sort of the long-term average we've seen. I would tell you, I believe there's an opportunity that will be lower than that in the initial rate moves and that's my general expectation. But again, I think we will be -- we will have to be dynamic and we're watching it really carefully.
Erika Najarian: And my follow-up question to that is yesterday and this kind of follows up to what Ken Usdin was asking about earlier. A few regional banks, we're now expecting negative deposit growth. To your earlier point, Zach, the system is awash with liquidity and a few big banks kicked off earnings season saying that deposit growth won't be negative. And a few regional banks mentioned yesterday that they expect deposit growth to be negative. And I'm wondering, Huntington has always been known for its core operational deposit base plus you added TCF. I'm wondering how you're thinking about deposit growth. You mentioned it's going to be positive this year. But as we have more maturity in the rate cycle, how do you expect deposit growth to behave on an overall basis?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, I do think our current expectation and the trends we're seeing in the business would indicate we will continue to see deposit growth in 2022. I think there's sort of two factors we've been watching that are slightly offsetting each other. On one hand, we do -- we are observing particularly in the consumer space, some degree of normalization of the elevated liquidity we saw build up at the tail end of 2020 and certainly into 2021, largely influenced by stimulus and other factors like that and the savings behavior around COVID. So that is sort of the gradual normalization. With that being said, our customer acquisition and the ongoing work we're doing to deepen relationships certainly augmented by the TCF synergy opportunities are offsetting that. And we expect to drive net growth in consumer offsetting that kind of pandemic deposit normalization trend that I noted. On the commercial side, we're seeing just continued robust liquidity in our clients and that's driving solid deposit growth. And as we focus on that even more going forward to continue to fund this accelerating loan growth, we will see that contribute as well. So overall, I'm expecting pretty balanced deposit growth between the two. And I think those are the kind of underlying drivers of it.
Steve Steinour: Zach, if I to add to Erika's question, we put a liquidity portal in play for our commercial customers about a year and a half ago to try and take excess deposits and move them off-balance sheet, Erika. So, we're not sitting with a cumulative super jumbo set of commercial depositors in the portfolio. We just didn't want that risk profile, plus we felt we could do a better job looking at for the customers by putting them into this. So that will help cushion us as whatever normalization if there is any of the customer base curves. Secondly, we've introduced a digital tool, an analytics tool that has great promise for us. We've got roughly 500,000 business customers. And we're now able to get at the data in a much more real-time way in terms of product needs based on usage and other characteristics. So, we expect that will drive our TM business in a significant way in the years ahead.
Erika Najarian: Very helpful. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thanks for your questions.
Erika Najarian: Yes.
Operator: The next question is coming from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. You guys are the number one SBA lender. And I was wondering if you could talk about what you're seeing in terms of demand there now that PPP is kind of mostly done or winding down. I would imagine when PPP was going on, there is kind of little to no demand and wondering how that's been trending more recently.
Steve Steinour: Matt, we had cumulative with TCF 12 -- over $12 billion of PPP lending. And notwithstanding that, we had robust SBA lending almost in parallel through the last 2 years. As we entered the fourth quarter, we continue to see demand for that product and we expect it will actually increase this year in part because of the new markets that we're going to be able to expose our capabilities to Twin Cities, a great business market. Denver, on fire, really terrific. Colorado is a terrific state to be doing business in. And now we're at -- roughly at scale in Chicago with 150-plus points of distribution versus 30. That will help those three regions drive our lending activity overall, including SBA.
Matt O'Connor: Interesting. And then separately, credit quality question. You're a very big auto underwriter on the consumer side and commercial, but I'm focused on the consumer side. We've had this massive increase in used car prices. Any thoughts in terms of tightening standards as we think about LTVs? You've had a little bit of a trend down there with your disclosure in the appendix. But just how do you think about underwriting to these used cars that have increased 40%, 45% versus a year ago?
Rich Pohle: Yes, Matt. It's Rich. I will take that. And as you noted in the slides, the LTVs have come down. We peaked in 2019 at 90% and we ended 2021 at 85%. So, we have reacted to the increase in auto prices by bringing the LTVs down. But first and foremost, for us, the auto business is really based on client selection. We are a super prime lender and we've developed a custom scorecard over many, many years in this business that very effectively predicts those customers that are not going to have a payment issue. And so, for us, it's really avoiding the situation where you have to get the car back in the first place. And we've done a phenomenal job of doing that over time. We also feel that we've been in this business a long time and we have to be a consistent provider of capital to our dealers. And so, we've, over the course of many cycles, worked through high prices, low prices, high demand, low demand. And we've had learnings from all of that as we've been one of the leading auto deal or auto financers in the country going back in time. So, I feel that we've got a good handle on the risk here, notwithstanding the increase in car prices. We've adjusted our custom scorecards appropriately and feel that we're going to come through this in really good shape as we always have.
Matt O'Connor: Okay.
Steve Steinour: We haven't had a delinquency on the floorplan side of this business, and I'm going to say, decades, certainly more than a decade since I've been around. And we really like the underlying credit quality performance that the dealers have been able to generate in the last couple of years. So, the fundamentals of the business with a low expected default rate in the indirect side and an incredibly low risk on the dealer side, keep us -- continue to keep us very bullish on the business.
Matt O'Connor: Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your questions.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Hey, John.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: I guess back to that auto question, I know in the -- in your loan growth outlook for high single digits for 2022, you do mention auto growth as a driver. I mean on the growth side, can you just talk about what -- how you're thinking about the portfolio growth as you look at the year, particularly if we get some moderation in used auto demand as the, let's call it, a reopening continues and everything? So, I wanted to get your updated thoughts on that portfolio specifically in terms of growth. Thanks.
Steve Steinour: So, John, we would expect that portfolio will continue to grow. We're going to open up in another five or so states this year. We've had this gradual rollout now for a number of years. and that will complete us. Eventually, we will be in the lower 48 with this business. But we have a fundamental expectation of that the new car market is going to come back off of last year's production probably by 1.5 million, 2 million cars to get 15, 15.5 total on the new side. So that will pick up a bit. The mix will slightly shift again back to where it has historically or closer to that on the mix side of the equation. We -- as you know, we like the business. We think of it as low risk. It's a two and a quarter year average rated asset. And we're highly now automated. We have almost half of our apps coming through on a digital basis and it's end-to-end digital for us. So, we're very, very efficient with it.
John Pancari: Okay, great. And then also related to that, I believe the utilization comment you gave earlier in terms of increasing from the mid-20s to the 30%. That's for the floor plan business, I believe, if you can just correct me if I'm wrong. And then if it is, what is your utilization trend for the non-floorplan commercial revolvers?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, this is Zach. I'll take that. We saw nice upticks, modest upticks in utilization in every one of our three major line utilization categories. Auto, just to your point, it rose from 23% to 30% in the quarter. Inventory finance rose from 25% to 32% seasonally. That's typical in the fourth quarter for that business. And then the general middle market revolvers went from 40 to 41 in the quarter. So, we saw good early signs here, encouraging signs of that utilization recovery that we saw, as I said in my earlier remarks, of $5 billion of additional line utilization what we expect to recover back to pre-pandemic levels over the longer term.
John Pancari: Got it. Got it. If I could ask just one more high-level one. Just some news this morning about Intel looking to build a pretty sizable chip facility there near Columbus. And I just wanted to get your thoughts on the implications of something like that. Do you think there's follow-on benefits to loan demand there in your markets? And do you think there's a start of something where more of these tech companies could be building operations there in your markets?
Steve Steinour: John, just for  -- what you're referencing is Intel's announcing a large chip plant. The CEO of Intel, call it, the largest chip plant in the world. It will be about 1 million square feet. It was initially a land of 1,000 acres to accommodate this. It's expected that there will be follow-ons and that there'll be other businesses, large businesses, suppliers to that plant that will co-locate as part of that 1,000 acre site. And this will be enormously impactful. I think the CEO, Pat Gelsinger, referenced this as Silicon Heartland because typically, these plants with the supplier base create some level of colocation that we would -- that you've seen in Arizona and certain other markets. So, this is incredibly impactful. It's a great move by the DeWine administration. I think it will benefit certainly all of Ohio and much of the Midwest and I think is a bit of a game changer for us. We will -- we're going to have more than 10,000 construction jobs on that site and roadway and water expansion. And then ultimately, there'll be 3,000 very high-paying jobs in the plant itself just with Intel. Again, there's an expectation of other businesses coming in for colocation, significant other businesses. All of that will feed and fuel, I think what's already a very robust real estate market. There's going to be housing needs. There will be additional transportation needs. The small business around the -- small businesses around these areas will do very, very well. So, it's a huge moment for us here in all of Ohio, certainly Central Ohio but I think this has the potential to be enormous. If I reflect back in 2009 when I joined Huntington, this was term the Rust Belt and that term has receded significantly over the years. And I think Intel is going to be a game changer in terms of technology in the region and very excited about what's going on. So again, kudos to Governor DeWine and his administration would take over John Houston was enormously important here as well. But this came together in an incredibly efficient and quick fashion. And there's insight about it on both the local paper, Columbus Dispatch, as well as I think TIME has a lead article feature that. We are really, really pleased and I believe this is, again, a huge moment for us and a game-changing moment for Ohio.
John Pancari: Very helpful. Thanks, Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens. Please proceed with your questions.
Terry McEvoy: Hi, thanks. I was hoping to get your thoughts on capital management and just appetite for share repurchase in the first half of 2022 with capital at about 9.3% at the end of the year.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, a great question. Thanks and I appreciate the chance to take a close on this one. We are really pleased with what we've done so far in the $800 million share repurchase authorization that we had, as we noted and consistent with our guidance, front-loaded $650 million of that through the end of 2021. I think as we go forward, our capital priorities have not changed. We are still very much focused on funding asset growth first, supporting our dividend and that's sort of all other uses, including this. So, as we see loan growth accelerating, we're pleased be able to put the capital back toward that. Now, to share purchases -- sorry for the background noise there. We intend to be dynamic here. And also, to think about it in the context of our ongoing work around, our next capital budget submission, which is -- which will reset the balance of 2022 as well with the submission in early April. So dynamic to see the opportunities here in the next couple of quarters, I think it's what we're going to know.
Terry McEvoy: Great. I will end it there and let everybody get on with their day. Thanks, Zach and thanks, Steve. Have a good day.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Terry.
Steve Steinour: Thank you all for joining us today. We're very proud of our colleagues' efforts to deliver a successful finish to '21 and we look forward to building all that as we enter the new year. I have a great deal of confidence in our teams and what Huntington can deliver for our colleagues, customers and shareholders over the course of '22. We have a deeply embedded stock ownership mentality, which aligns the interest of our board, management and colleagues with our shareholders as you know and thank you very much for your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day, everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Tim Sedabres, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, Luthania. Welcome, everyone and good morning. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. As a reminder, this call is being recorded and replay will be available starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer. Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer, will join us for the Q&A. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A portion will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this Slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Tim. Good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased with our third quarter, we deliver good core performance and made enormous progress with the TCF integration. Let me begin on Slide 3. Thanks to the hard work of our colleagues, we're on track to complete the TCF integration as planned, and deliver the resulting deal economics. This combination at scale, density, new markets and new specialty businesses. At the core of Huntington, we are a purpose driven company with a vision to build the leading people first digitally powered bank in the nation. We remain focused on our core objectives to drive organic growth and to deliver sustainable top quartile financial performance. On Slide 4, our third quarter performances included a full quarter benefit from TCF and record total revenue. We delivered good growth in fee income, that low growth excluding PPP and improving credit metrics. Just over a week ago, we successfully completed the conversion of TCF to Huntington systems. And we now offer an integrated set of products capabilities and experiences to our customers. As a result of the great efforts of our colleagues, we were able to complete the conversion in just 10 months since the announcement of the transaction. We've completed most of the actions to drive our targeted cost synergies, and are on track to deliver all of the announced cost reductions. With the conversion behind us, we're now able to focus 1000s of colleagues on new business development activities to close up year strong and carry that momentum into '22. We are investing in these revenue producing colleagues as well as new capabilities in the expanded markets. We're seeing substantial momentum in many of our initiatives, including targeted areas of deep revenue generation like wealth and capital markets as well as cards and payments. Both consumer and commercial loan productions continue to be robust, and commercial pipelines are up over 30% from a year ago, and new production activity has nearly doubled. Additionally, we were pleased to be ranked number one nationally for the SBA 7(a) seven eight lending by volume, marking the fourth consecutive year we've been recognized in the past five. As the recovery continues, we will dynamically manage our overall expense base and look for ways to drive incremental efficiencies across the bank. We intend to self fund the investment capacity necessary for strategic initiatives that will drive additional revenue growth in the years ahead. Our strategy is centered on supporting customers banking where and when they want and meeting them to their preferred channel. As part of that strategy, we are continually optimizing our distribution network; we will be consolidating 62 branches in the first quarter of '22 equal to 6% of the combined branch network. And these are in addition to the 180 branch closures announced as part of the TCF transaction. Importantly, we will continue to retain the number one share of branches in both Ohio and Michigan. In addition to branch consolidations, we are continuing to diligently optimize roles and resources within the bank. We're committed to delivering positive operating leverage as we did annually for a decade leading up to '21. Finally on the capital front, we accelerated our sharing repurchase in the quarter as well as announced an increase to the quarterly dividend. These actions demonstrate our confidence in the performance and outlook for Huntington as well as our commitment to our shareholders to actively manage our capital levels. Slide 5 provides an update on the TCF integration. When we announced the transaction, we saw strong potential for expense synergies, as we leverage the benefits of scale, but to also drive additional organic growth. And today, I can say that we're even more excited about the revenue opportunities in front of us. The combination of new growth markets, and increased density, the addition of more than one and a half million customers, and expanded specialty capabilities collectively set up our future revenue growth. Let me share a couple of the most compelling aspects. In middle market and mid corporate banking, we're now bringing greater scale in Chicago, Milwaukee, in addition to new capabilities in the Twin Cities and Denver, with expanded coverage and product offerings; we're already gaining traction with early wins, including capital markets and treasury management fees. In Consumer and Business Banking, we're deploying Huntington's capabilities, products and services across the entire customer base following conversion. Combined with our fair play philosophy, this will greatly enhance the customer experience, and as we've demonstrated previously, will accelerate customer acquisition and improve retention, and with Huntington's digital and competitive product set we will deepen our customer relationships. Additionally, we are bringing award winning SBA lending platform and growing our wealth and private banking customer base in our newly expanded markets. Our investments are well timed, as we're seeing continued robust economic recovery in our footprint. Our regions have seen economic activity expand year-to-date faster than the national average, as well as higher labor force participation. We see a unique moment in time to capitalize on these revenue opportunities as our local economies continue to perform very well. We are entering a new era at Huntington with momentum we look forward to growth in the years ahead. Zach, over to you to provide more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks Steve, and good morning, everyone. Turning to Slide 6, we reported GAAP earnings per common share of $0.22 for the third quarter, which included acquisition expenses of $234 million. Earnings per common share adjusted for these notable items were $0.35, return on tangible common equity or ROTC came in at 11.5% for the quarter, adjusted for the acquisition related notable items, ROTC was 17.9%. As we expected and consistent with guidance we provided in September, we were pleased to see loan balances ex-PPP grow in the third quarter driven by robust new production. With continued strong liquidity, we're actively managing the balance sheet and have grown the securities portfolio by $3.7 billion from the end of the second quarter. Deposit balances were reduced by $847 million as a result of the branch divestiture. Excluding the divestiture, deposit balance has remained relatively stable on a period end basis. Loans associated with the divestiture totaled $209 million. Fee income was another bright spot where we continued -- where we saw continued momentum in our capital markets, cards and payments, treasury management and wealth and investment businesses. As Steve noted, we've been actively managing our capital and we're pleased to complete $500 million of share repurchases in the third quarter. We also announced $0.05 increase to the common stock dividend in the fourth quarter, which takes us to an annualized dividend rate of $0.62 per share. Finally, credit quality continued to improve with net charge-offs of 20 basis points, while nonperforming assets decreased to 12% from the prior quarter.  Turning to Slide 7, period and loan balances totaled $110.6 billion, excluding PPP, loan balances increased by $367 million during the quarter with underlying growth in C&I, Mortgage, Auto and RV Marine portfolios. On the commercial side, while PPP and auto dealer floor plan balances were lower, all other C&I loans increased by net $466 million during the quarter, driven by growth in asset finance and core C&I. We're seeing very encouraging trends from new commercial loan production and pipelines that continues to grow both year-over-year and sequentially. Consumer growth was somewhat offset by marginal pressure from the continued run off of the home equity portfolio. Additionally, we continue to observe solid activity levels in our consumer portfolios with Residential Mortgage, RV Marine and Automobile, all continuing to post sequential quarter balance growth. Auto saw strongest third quarter for production activity to date with, while mortgage continued to see robust origination activity in the quarter. Excluding PPP, we believe the trough for underlying loan balances is behind us. And we expect continued modest growth from these levels in the fourth quarter. With respect to commercial portfolio specifically, we expect to see momentum accelerate as we move through the fourth quarter and throughout 2022. Moving on to Slide 8, as noted previously, total deposit balances excluding the divestiture were relatively stable. We continue to optimize funding given our strong liquidity levels and reduced higher cost CDs by $395 million. Overall, we continue to see much of the excess liquidity remained fairly sticky as core commercial deposit balances increased during the quarter. Turn to Slide 9, FTE net interest income increased, primarily driven by the full quarter benefit of TCF. Net interest income increased by $323 million, while net interest margin was 2.9%, both driven by the acquired TCF assets, excess liquidity moderate slightly during the quarter, with $8.1 billion of cash at the Fed at quarter end, on an average basis for the quarter, excess liquidity represented the drag on margin of approximately 23 basis points. Core net interest income excluding PPP and accretion was $1,085 million. We expect core net interest income to grow from these levels on absolute dollar basis in the fourth quarter and throughout 2022. We're positioned to be asset sensitive today. And we are dynamically managing the balance sheet to become increasingly asset sensitive to capture the benefit from expected future higher interest rates. This includes the hedge rollouts, as well as the addition of pay fixed swaps. On June 30, our model net interest income assets sensitivity and up 100 basis points scenario was 2.9% based on the deliberate actions we took during the quarter, we increased our asset sensitivity to 4.0%. And we continue to dynamically manage the balance sheet going forward. Over the course of the quarter, we terminated select downside rate protection hedges and added $6 billion of forward pay fixed swaps. Turning to Slide 10, noninterest income increased, primarily driven by the addition of TCF fee income. Several of our businesses performed quite well in the quarter, cards and payments benefited from higher customer transaction volumes. Mortgage banking performed well due to higher production and relatively higher saleable spreads, and wealth and investments continue to be driven by positive net asset flows. Capital Markets income also grew driven by solid performance and interest rate derivatives, foreign exchange and syndications. Turned to Slide 11, total noninterest expense came in at approximately $1.3 billion for the quarter, including the $234 million of notable items. Excluding these items, noninterest expense totaled $1.05 million, primarily driven by the full quarter TCF expenses. Our overall outlook for the magnitude of expense reductions is unchanged from prior guidance. The timing to realize these benefits, however, has accelerated due to our actions to drive realization of cost savings. As a result, we continue to expect that while Q3 was the high watermark for core expenses, they should benefit earlier than we previously thought as they stepped down into the fourth and first quarters. Core expenses on an absolute dollar basis should trail down throughout 2022. As we recognize the benefits of the TCF cost synergies while continuing to invest in the initiative to drive top line revenue growth. Slide 12 highlights our well capitalized balance sheet, as well as a few highlights from the recent capital return actions. Common equity Tier 1 ended the quarter of 9.6%, well within our medium term 9% to 10% operating guidelines. Over the past quarter we focused on returning capital to our shareholders in alignment with our capital priorities. We executed over half of the $800 million share repurchase program following the authorization at the moment and we were pleased to have recently announced an increase to the common stock dividends. As you can see on Slide 13, our quarter ending allowance for credit losses represented 1.99% of total loans down from 2.08% at prior quarter end. The improved economic outlook and our stable credit quality resulted in a reserve release of $117 million for the third quarter. Additional key credit quality metrics are shown on Slide 14, further reflecting our improving credit profile, net charge-offs represented an annualized 20 basis points of average loans and leases. Most of the lowest levels in recent history, well below our target range of 35 to 55 basis points on average through the cycle. Consumer charge-offs remained low in this quarter at seven basis points. With net recoveries in Auto, Home Equity, RV and Marine, our NPA ratio declined 12% as portfolio has continued to perform as expected, and the ACL coverage of NPA increased to 247%. Finally, turning to our outlook on Slide 15. As we operate in a dynamic macro environment, we're focused on managing what we can control. We remain committed to investing in our people first digitally powered strategy, driving sustained revenue growth, while managing expenses within our long-term commitment to positive operating leverage and achieving a 70% return on tangible common equity. We expect a peer group leading efficiency ratio and a normalized effective tax rate of 18% to 19%. We believe these key metrics, revenue growth, return on capital and annual positive operating leverage are a compelling set of financial performance indicators and closely aligned with value creation for our shareholders. Now, let me turn it back over to Tim so we can get to your questions.
Tim Sedabres: Thank you, Zack. We will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow up. And then if that person has additional questions, they can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you. Operator, let's open up for questions.
Operator:  Our first question comes from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. 
ScottSiefers: Good morning, guys. Hey, thanks for taking the question. Zack I was hoping maybe there might be a way to put sort of a finer point on the degree to which you might expect costs to come down in future quarters from this quarter's roughly $1.05 million core basics, of course y you mentioned the acceleration just trying to get a sense for sort of the core investment spending minus the cost saves. And then along the lines of acceleration, so when do we think that cost savings will be 100% baked into the results?
ZachWasserman: Yes, thanks, Scott. Great question. Overall, as I noted in my prepared remarks, just really, really pleased with our delivery of the cost synergies and the trajectory. And I'm not going to give you specific guidance. But I would say that we do expect sequential reduction each quarter and for the next couple of quarters for that to be a larger amount, in the double digit millions is likely the level you could think about. But in the end, what I'd point you to is the overall expense guidance that I've given, which is net of the cost synergies and the investments that we're making to self fund those revenue synergy investments into generally drive revenue growth across the business. So slightly more front loaded driving sequential growth throughout the balance of the next five quarters.
ScottSiefers: Perfect. Thank you and then maybe switching gears just a bit. And it's pretty constructive on overall lending momentum. I was curious if you could maybe, let us know sort of how that translates into aggregate, the sort of an aggregate outlook for ex-PPP loan growth. I think previously, you guys have been saying underlying loans kind of flattish through the remainder of the year, and then they grow thereafter. Does the more constructive tone suggest maybe we get a little more growth sooner?
ZachWasserman: Yes, it's a great question. Let me elaborate a bit more. I think as we talked at the Barclays Investor Conference in September, I noted, I expect to see some modest growth between then and the end of Q3. And that's ultimately what we deliver and really pleased with that. I would characterize the growth we're expecting for Q4 as well to be modest. So we do expect growth, likely modest, I think, it's really driven by the continuation of the factors we've seen for the last several quarters. And we noted a bit in the prepared remarks, that is really strong calling activity and pipelines driving continued robustly production and commercial and, quite a bit of momentum in business banking, and then in the consumer space, continued strength in residential mortgage, and auto and RV marine continued to perform pretty well also. The other thing I would say is, now that we have the conversion behind us, that we've gotten, we're able to now focus 1000s of colleagues on growth. And so we do expect the modest growth as we go into Q4 and then continuing and frankly accelerating as we go on throughout the course of next year as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America.
EbrahimPoonawala: Good morning. First wanted to follow up on Zack on the expense question. So we talked about the core in terms of the, I guess, merger related or the notable items that you call out. When do you think those completely go away? Or does some of that stick around as we think about just the overall expense on that?
ZachWasserman: Yes, great question, Ebrahim. I think Q4 should be remained relatively elevated. Similar to the levels we've seen, overall, taking a step back overall, our outlook for the merger related costs will be guided back in December at the time of the announcement was $890 million. And we continued to expect it to be relatively near that level. So I think the timing of that we've seen more than $500 million at this point through this quarter. And so we'll see a bit more come in Q4, and then likely a last bit in Q1, perhaps a tiny bit trailing into Q2, and then by the end of Q2, essentially it should be done.
EbrahimPoonawala: Got it. And I guess just shifting to the to TCF integration sort of nearing an end, Steve, strategically, when you win an acquisitive bank, we are hearing some concerns around just the regulatory stance around deal making getting tough, just give us a sense of what your priorities are from capital deployment, is M&A still a piece of the puzzle in terms of how you think about growing the bank? 
SteveSteinour: Ebrahim, we've done two larger bank combinations in 12 years, so I not really think we're like the characterization is apt but beyond that, as we've said before, our focus is on driving the core performance. We think we have tremendous revenue upside here. We've got Greenfield opportunities for a number of businesses in Denver, and certainly the Twin Cities, we've got a scale that we've never had in Chicago. Frankly, we've got density in Michigan, that's significant to us. So we're very focused on driving revenue and getting the benefits of that part of the combination equation. We've done a few non bank things in the past, I'd say more likely over the next years, possibly to do some of that. But our focus, our entire focus is on driving the core.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research.
BillCarcache: Thank you. Good morning. Can you remind us how much relative gearing you have to the short versus long end of the curve? And how you think about performance in an environment where the short end rises perhaps a bit faster than the long end?
ZachWasserman: Yes, we're most sensitive to the, first of all, thanks for your question, Bill, this is Zack, we are most sensitive to the two to four arrange within -- two to four year range within the yield curve to give you a sense. And, look, I think we're going to benefit here as rates move up, irrespective of the steepening but certainly we do, we'd appreciate it if that two to four range continue to move up, as it has been doing and as in our continued expectation, and we're positioning to benefit from that, as I noted in some of my preferred remarks, by driving incremental asset sensitivity, and to give you a sense that the average duration of our current delta hedging portfolio was one and a half years versus the almost five years for the duration of our pay fix swaps little bit of benefit as we start to rise. So I think we're positioned now in the quarter by more than a point of asset sensitivity, as I noted and we'll look to be dynamic to improve that even as we go forward.
BillCarcache: Thanks Zack, that's super helpful. And following up on that, as you look ahead to higher short rates and better loan growth as utilization rates normalize, how comfortable are you with the rate at which you've been reducing the amount of liquidity that you have parked at the Fed? And then as we look ahead over the next few quarters, I guess, should we expect you to continue to grow the securities portfolio from your, just curious about the extent to which you consider preserving liquidity, through the rest of this year, based on -- just based on the outlook?
ZachWasserman: Yes, it's a terrific question, and certainly something that we watch very, very carefully. I would say full stop, we feel great about our liquidity levels, and we think we're managing exceptionally well. But the cash -- the Fed is a key area that we watch very, very carefully. And so we're, I would say I would characterize our approaches is intentionally incremental, watching the behaviors in our clients and deposit holding activities and seeking to kind of optimize incrementally period by period as more information comes out, as we've guided for a couple of quarters now, we expected to add to the securities portfolio and I think in the last quarter, we mentioned a number $4 billion we completed that during the third quarter, we'll see where it goes from here. I do if liquidity trends continue, as we expect, I also expect that we will add some additional securities in the fourth quarter. We're currently at about 22% securities as a percentage of assets. And we'd be comfortable that rose modestly over time here, given the acceptable returns we're seeing and the fact that the accretive to NIM versus holding on cash, but as you noted that the priority is funding growth. And so we'll take a very much incremental approach watching both trends. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
KenZerbe: Hi, guys. Thanks. Good morning. In terms the core NIM, I know there is a bit of confusion around why your clients was or wasn't. If we did our math right, I think your core NIM just ex-PPP sorry, the PAA is about 2.81%, which is a fair bit lower than the 2.90%, though, that I think we were sort of shooting for. Can you just talk about two, I guess two things. So one, what drove sort of the weaker NIM ex the PAA, but also how do you think about that core NIM on a go forward basis? Thanks.
ZachWasserman: Sure. Yes, thanks for the question, Ken. So fully reported NIM came into 2.90%. And excluding PAA as you know it was to 2.81%. So it was a few basis points lower than we expected, my prior guidance had been sort of just a few basis points lower than 2.90%. And it came in ultimately 2.81% so a bit lower than that. The two biggest drivers of that were the things we've just talked about in the last question actually interestingly, elevated Fed cash contributed several basis points additional drag in the quarter than we had previously expected. And we did accelerate the purchase of our securities, which also impacted the mix and drove yields lower generally, spreads was spot on our expectation overall, at a core loan level. Look, I think what I would tell you is going forward, I'm expecting stable from these levels, it'll be a function of what happens with the elevated liquidity and Fed cash and the rate environment, but generally stable from these levels is a fair assumption. And our key focus at this point is trying to drive net interest income dollars, that $1,085 million of net interest income, excluding DAA excluding PPP, given the sequential loan growth that we're projecting, given that rate stability my expectation is we're going to grow those dollars into Q4 and grow them throughout 2022.
KenZerbe: Got it, okay, perfect. And then, just in terms of the 62 branch closures that you talked about, in first quarter, that's all wrapped up into your expense guidance. I just want to make sure that we're not -- we shouldn't take the expense guidance plus anything else? Because that's just part of the outlook, correct.
ZachWasserman: You're spot on, Ken. So as Steve noted in his prepared remarks, we'll continue to optimize the network, dynamically manage expenses, ensure that we can invest to capture those really powerful revenue synergies, and overall, the guidance I gave on expenses is net of all those things. And ultimately, we're, what this is all driving toward is achieving our moderate term financial targets that we talked about over time the 17% return on capital, the revenue growth, accelerating positive operating leverage, needed to drive to that in the second half of '22.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
StevenAlexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everyone. I wanted to follow up on Scott's initial question on loan growth. In your response, you guys sound pretty bullish on loan momentum, right? Steve, you talked about how much the commercial pipeline is up, Zack you talked about how momentum is building. Why are you not looking for stronger loan growth here in the fourth quarter?
SteveSteinour: Steve, a great question. This is Steve. This is a funny quarter because of the holidays interrupting so we'll have very good asset finance origination, but we've had a substantial effort around the conversion. We've had 800 ambassadors out in our different business lines for a couple of weeks. We pulled in at sort of peak production moments, a lot of the talents of focus on making sure we got a great conversion, and we think we did. So it's harder to do new business between Thanksgiving and yearend, if it's not already in the pipeline. So we're talking about another three, three and a half, four weeks max, for the pipeline. Now the pipelines are up. As we indicated, they're up year-over-year; they're up quarter-over-quarter sequentially. So that's contributing to the bullishness. But it's an odd quarter to be driving it. We're very optimistic about what, how this will translate then for full year '22 as we go forward. We have some great capabilities that have come to us with TCF and we've already put in place, much of the management and a number of the RMs and other revenue producers that we are looking to do in the Twin Cities in Denver, and increasingly in Chicago. So the pieces are coming together very nicely and I have scheduled and that's also contributing to the optimism.
StevenAlexopoulos: Okay, that's helpful. And, Steve, for my follow up. We all know Huntington scores really well, from a client satisfaction view. Did the brand's consolidations have a notable negative impact on satisfaction levels? And how long do you think it'll take to move TCF below peer client satisfaction up to Huntington's level? Thanks.
SteveSteinour: Just the sheer amount of activity has required substantial efforts and resources during the course of the year. So we would expect to see a very modest decline in customer set. And frankly, it could -- we could be flat, but we wouldn't expect to see an increase. With respect to the TCF, the new branches from TCF and our colleagues who are new from TCF they are embracing fair play and the products that, what we saw during the conversion was just outstanding efforts with our customers. And so we're very encouraged, it will take maybe a couple of quarters, but it won't take a couple of years in order to get that customer service level added equivalency in those newer branches. We're very, very pleased. We got a great group of colleagues who have joined us from TCF.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Pancari with Evercore.
JohnPancari: Good morning. I know you've -- and given your expectations here you've indicated your expectation for continued positive operating leverage. How do you think about that for '2022? Maybe you can help us with a magnitude? I know you're not specifically guiding on the top line or the expense growth expectation, but maybe if you can help us with the magnitude of positive operating leverage on a core basis that you think are reasonable for next year. Thanks.
ZachWasserman: Yes, John. Thanks for the question. And I think you noted in your question, and I will repeat to that, I'm not going to give you the specific guidance, but I will try to characterize to answer your question. I think next year's financials are going to be challenging to look at from a year-over-year growth perspective and to some degree to calculate that metric just given the continued two quarters of grow over impact of adding the TCF business but we do expect full year positive operating leverage in total. And the big thing that we're very focused on is driving to the point where the momentum coming into the second half of the year, and then certainly exiting the year is on the levels that we've targeted for those moderate on targets. And so at that point, as we sort of get into a clean year-over-year growth period to be able to see it better. And, look, it won't be dynamic, as we always have been to ensure that we can modulate the expenses, given where revenue is trending, while continue to invest in, my expectation is we'll see solid positive operating leverage, but not going to characterize the level specifically at this point.
JohnPancari: Okay, all right. That's helpful. And then I guess sort of related question is on the medium term efficiency goal of 56%. Currently on an adjusted basis, you're 61 spot two and curious on how you're thinking about that glide path down to the 56%. What type of timing do you think is reasonable, updated, based upon updated trends in the business that you're seeing? When do you think you can hit the 56%? Thanks.
ZachWasserman: Yes. Significantly, we are going to drive toward that I would note that the efficiency ratio is sort of an outcome, frankly. And the most important metrics are revenue growth, return on capital positive operating numbers that we're driving to. But efficiency is a key metric. And so we are watching it carefully. My expectation at this point is sort of during the second half of the year, we will see those emerge. We're still doing some of the budgeting to modulate the precision with respect to quarters, but certainly, I think by the second half of the year, and the exit run rate of Q4 is my expectation.
JohnPancari: Second half of '22?
ZachWasserman: Correct. -- '21, I misspoke.
Operator: Our next question comes from Terry McEvoy with Stephens.
TerryMcEvoy: Hi, thanks. Good morning. TCF had about a two plus billion dollar inventory finance portfolio. I'm curious, where is that portfolio today. And then the auto dealer floor plan balances at Huntington kind of pre COVID versus today. And what I'm getting at is what's the upside of the balance sheet when inventories in both of those portfolios hypothetically normalize?
ZachWasserman: Yes, I think as we've talked about a bit over time. Interestingly, each of the three major kinds of line businesses that we've got auto inventory and general motor market, each of them represented roughly $2 billion opportunities, when those utilization rates return to normalize pre-COVID levels. So that sort of gives you an order of magnitude, the trends we're seeing at this point in auto, we're down a couple more percentage points of three to be precise between the end of Q2, and the end of Q3 to 25%. At this point, I'm seeing relative stability in the auto floor plan business, to some degree, some of the chip issues and other supply change issues produce some incremental pressure, we're also getting some defined and no new commitments and some term debt into those businesses such that my expectation is relatively flat in that space. And interestingly, inventory finance has similar opportunities or creating some very known plan uses of those lines, so expects stability, perhaps even a modest uptick, actually into Q4 and that the general rental market should continue to be flat here for the time being, however, I am going to answer your question, but I would pulling back a second, I would just highlight that it's our planning expectation at this point, that the totality of these lines will be relatively flat throughout the course of '22. There could well be an opportunity to get to that. But at this point, for planning purposes, we're trying to zero that out. But we still expect pretty good loan growth. And I think that's really just pointing back to the robust new production activity that we're seeing. So this could be ultimately the tailwind and we do expect over time it will be and the headwind nature, as largely moderated that's why we expected general to flat.
TerryMcEvoy: Thank you. And then as a follow up the $140 million of service charges on the TCF part. Were the fee adjustments made right after the conversion? I remember there were some revisions that we're going to made that would result in lower fees. And I'm just looking at that run rate and asking if that's sustainable going forward.
ZachWasserman: Yes, it's a great question. And upon conversion that we completed over the Columbus Day weekend all the TCF customers are now on to the Huntington products, the platform and all of our fair play product dynamics. And so we will expect to see a modestly lower trajectory for that line into Q4. Overall, over the longer term, we feel great about the conversion to the fair play business as we've talked about a lot. And this is a play we have run many times and we're very confident in the returns that are generated. Typically, the dynamic is sort of a higher degree of fee, income reduction in the early periods, offset over time by incremental deepening and incremental acquisition in the market from those products, generally about an 18 month payback. And so sort of the dynamic we're expecting to see a bit lower into Q4 and then climb back and paying back over that kind of roughly a year and a half period.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
JonArfstrom: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just back on a loan growth topic you highlighted the late stage, middle market up 36%. And just curious what you think is behind that and how much things have changed over the last couple of quarters. And then, Steve or Rich, any feedback on the supply chain loosening up from your borrowers.
SteveSteinour: John, I'll start this, this is Steve, Rich and Zack may choose to add but the supply chain issues continue to be a challenge, you're seeing some OEMs ship and deliver without chips. Even some of the autos are doing that. But we've got auto dealers with no new inventory allot. It's shocking. To illustrate the challenges here. And as I think you saw with the Ford and GM earnings announcements, expectations that are going to go deepen in the next year before it gets normalized. So that's why Zach's earlier comment is we're not counting on utilization, normalization in inventory, finance or auto to be a tailwind next year. If it happens, that's great. Now, we do see supply chain issues getting resolved or getting to a resolution over time. And would expect that to continue, again through next year, maybe even a little bit beyond depending on the industry. But there's a lot of activity and footprint about fueling and additional manufacturing capabilities with adjacency in North America, including in the footprint states that we're in. So we like how this sets up over time in terms of additional opportunity for us and we're bullish, but we clearly have both a supply chain and a labor issue in virtually every business that's out there today.
RichPohle: Hi, Steve, this is Rich, rich, maybe just to piggyback on that, I think, as it relates to middle market low demand, we're seeing that a couple places that Steve mentioned, increased CapEx given the labor issues, I think there is a bigger push to automate production to garner that productivity that will offset some of the labor issues. The other thing that we're seeing is just a heightened level of M&A. I think as we're coming out of kind of the COVID fog here with respect to EBITDA levels and things, there's just a greater sense of certainty around cash flows, and I think buyers are aggressively looking to expand if they can, and sellers, I think some of them have just gotten a little tired, kind of going through a COVID environment and when their cash flows are picking back up a position where maybe they want to sell. And so we are seeing increased M&A in the middle market space as well. There's also, Jon, a dynamic in the Twin Cities in Denver, TCF did not have their market banking. There were a series of things they just didn't do. So these are Greenfield every customer's net new. And that's the teams are in places, as earlier mentioned, and we'll be building them out further, but we've got four in place, we're seeing success, and that's translating into additional cross sell revenue as well. And that's contributing to this optimism.
JonArfstrom: I'm guessing SBA falls in that as well. Is that fair?
ZachWasserman: Yes, it does.
JonArfstrom: Okay and then can you just touch on your repurchase appetite from here?
ZachWasserman: Yes. This is Zack. I'll take that one, Jon. I think we're being pretty dynamic on it. We had a very intentional plan going into the third quarter, as we noted in the July call to accelerate in front load. And we felt great about the $500 million; I think we're going to likely continue to be somewhat front loaded with a balance of that here in Q4 and as we go into Q1, but still working through it. And I think, looking to be dynamic as we do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
KenUsdin: Thanks. Good morning. Zack, I was just wondering, in the third quarter, did you have some gross savings in there? Or and can you tell us what they were? I know you're only kind of telling us we're going to decline from here, but just wondering what you might have already captured?
ZachWasserman: Yes, I would say they were quite modest in the third quarter. I think if you think about the cost savings, they came largely from ultimately branch rationalization, employee level of reductions, technology, synergies importing the TCF business essentially onto the Huntington tech stack. And that's sort of a long tail of other savings, including a number of vendor and sourcing related opportunities that come with some increased scale and for the most part, most of those really were beginning to be executed on during the third quarter with sort of effect more into the fourth. And as we go into the first quarter, the decisions around them and the planning and actions necessary to achieve them have essentially all been completed. And now we're in the execution mode of just realizing them. So not much, I guess is the long winded answer in the third quarter, more substantively, the fourth quarter, which is partially why we're talking about sort of a larger step down in the fourth quarter than we thought before. And then if we go into the first quarter, so yet again, a similar level of step down is my current expectation, then a bit of a more of an asymptotic function, as you get into Q3, and Q4, but still stepping down.
KenUsdin: And a follow up on that. Do you have any change to your view of the original 490 in total that you expect? I know you're telling us to maybe we see a little bit more of a pull forward from a timing perspective. But what about the absolute amount?
SteveSteinour: No, I mean the absolute amount is solid at that level. And we're kind of within rounding errors higher than that. So nothing overly substantive that I would call out, I pointed to for nine years. That's the number Huntington achieve and it's got --
KenUsdin: Okay. And last cleanup one, just PPP in the deck, you show that you have $54 million of the fees left. How do you expect the NII related to PPP to traject from here fourth quarter and beyond on the 40 something?
ZachWasserman: It's kind of like a half life function; I would tell you over the next three quarters, we're expecting roughly 50% of the PPP to reduce into the fourth quarter. And then roughly 50% of that reducing into the first and then yet again into the second. These are planning assumptions I've given you, you should -- we should note that it's pretty dynamic. And the SBA to their credit has been accelerating forgiveness quite substantively recently. And so these numbers move around from a planning perspective, that's essentially the kind of outlook function that we've got.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Long with Raymond James.
DavidLong: Good morning, everyone. Just I wanted to drill down on the service charge and deposits here and a good quarter for my think expectations. And when, Steve, when you look at the press the headlines that it gets talked about a lot, that there's going to be some restrictions on overdraft and just curious how you're thinking about that, and how that may impact your fees going forward. And then secondly, when I think of the overdraft side of things, fair play banking, something that you guys have, I think your overdraft fees would be a smaller portion of revenue to peers, but yes your screen a little bit higher there. Just curious as to why you think that may be the case as well. Thanks.
SteveSteinour: David, great questions, we put 24 hour  more than a decade ago. And that continues to this day, we opened it up last year for small business. And we're continuing to do certain things to help our customers stand by cash is a classic example of that. There's no limit to the use of that, those funds with our customers, we put up a minimum of $50 in last year for an overdraft, and we call that safety zone. So we have been continuously over time working to benefit our customers as part of this fair play banking philosophy. We tend to be very strong on a relative basis in terms of customer acquisition as a constant quench of the different features and functions on our checking products. And that's ameliorated both the revenue give up over the last decade or so, very, very substantially. As Zack pointed out, they'll be a bit of a step down in the fourth quarter and for a couple of quarters thereafter for the TCF customers, but they're going to get the same advantage of products and services that all of our previously existing customers have as well. So and it will accompany our expectation around both customer retention and customer acquisition. It's hard to, it's -- I can't speculate unlike regulators they do. But we've, again, we've been trying to do things help consumers and businesses for quite some time. Not just with overdraft fees, but other types of fee elimination reductions, those requirements, we've put a new alert system in that regard, a year and a half ago. So there are a lot of tools available to help customer manage their money, budget, et cetera and avoid overdraft fees.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Steve Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: So thank you for joining us today. We've completed the majority of the actions leading to achievement of TCF cost synergies and expect to achieve all of the planned reductions. We're coming off the diversion with significant momentum across the bank and I'm confident that our disciplined execution will create substantial value for our shareholders. We have a deeply embedded stock ownership mentality which aligns the interests of our board, management and colleagues, with our shareholders. So appreciate your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-29 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Second Quarter Earnings Conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.
Mark Muth: Thanks Joe. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Mark and happy birthday. Welcome everyone. Slide 3 provides an overview of Huntington with our top 0.5 bank holding company with $175 billion in total assets. The TCF acquisition expanded our leadership position and equity in Michigan both through scale and market such as Chicago and added new growth markets in the twin cities Denver and Milwaukee. Importantly, we have number one branch share within our footprint, which allows us to leverage our brands, convenience and digital channels to continue to officially grow the customer base. Huntington brings an expanded tariff capabilities to these markets and through the TCF customer base, including middle-market and corporate banking with specialty verticals, treasury management, capital markets, trusted investment and insurance products in addition to our number one in the nation SBA lending program.  So we're excited by the opportunity to introduce our fair play approach and leading digital offerings to our customers in these markets. Over the past several years, we've been pleased by the number of independent affirmations of the superior customer service. Our colleagues provide the customer centered products and services we've introduced just last month. Date hour announced it's been ranked highest in customer satisfaction amongst regional banks for our mobile app for the third consecutive year. Additionally, we were ranked first in our region for consumer banking customer satisfaction. Now these are important affirmations of the considerable investments we've made in our culture and digital technology. Slide four provides an overview of hikes and strategy to build the leading people first digitally powered bank in the nation. Huntington is a purpose driven company and organic growth and sustainable top core tile, financial performance remain core tenants of our strategic vision. The acquisition of TCF is additive on both fronts, as it supports continued organic growth opportunities and allows us to leverage the incremental scale to drive efficiencies and deliver top core tile financial returns.
Mark Muth: Thanks, Steve and good morning, everyone. Slide 7 provides the highlights for the second quarter, which includes closing the TCF transaction, delivering strong new loan production and maintaining solid credit quality as well as robust liquidity and capital positions. On a fully reported basis, including all impacted the acquisition. We reported a net loss for common share of $0.05. For the second quarter earnings were impacted by acquisition expenses of $269 million. And the so-called Cecil double counts provision expense of $294 million earnings per common share adjusted for these notable items were positive $0.35 per share.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Zach. We will now take questions. Yeah. That as a courtesy to your peers, each person asked one question and one related follow-up and then if that person had any additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: .Our first question is from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed.
Scott Siefers: Good Morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. Hey so I think one of the main issues over the past few months has been the, sort of the higher expense guides and a couple of those. Now that TCF is in the mix. It's a little tougher to tell exactly what's going on, on from sort of the standalone Huntington basis. I wonder if you could just speak or provide some colour on you know, how we can feel confident that sort of, that guide that you offered earlier in the year about Huntington's stand-alone growth indeed peaking and we'll normalize from here how, how does that play out? What should we be watching for from the outside to understand the expense control, et cetera?
Zach Wasserman: It's a great question, Scott. Thanks. This is Zach. I'll take that one. So sort of two big vendors I would, I would offer to you. One is on an underlying Huntington basis, as you noted very much executing to our prior plan, which has been elevated levels of expense in the first two quarters of the year, driven by our investments, bringing that growth rate back down into the low single digits by the second half of the year. Everything that we're -- we're completely executing to that plan and everything I've seen in terms of forecast for standalone Huntington our in our track up until the close of the acquisition mid-June was very much corroborating that in fact, due to was coming in a bit lower in terms of overall expense growth. And the outlook continues to be, as we disclosed in terms of overall expense growth and the outlook continues to be, as we disclosed. Then secondly, the TCF cost synergies are very much on track and we're executing on that as we speak. The branch rationalization, as Steve noted in the comments right away, the systems conversion is planned. Personnel decisions are finalized. We've completed a lot of the vendor conversion exceeding the progress on real estate consolidations. So the majority of those cost saves from the TCF acquisitional benefit 2022, which was the full run rate of being present in the back half of the year. And then as we go into '23, excluding one-time cost, which, which clearly would be noisy on an organic basis. We expect a step up into Q3 as we get a full quarter of the TCF expense base. And then from there, beginning of Q4 over the next six quarters, see gradual reduction each quarter as the synergies are realized pretty steady, no, no major step down through this point in our outlook.
Scott Siefers: Okay, Perfect. So, absolute declines and expenses sort of starting in the -- in the fourth quarter, sounds like that. Okay, perfect. And then switching gears a little, I think Zach, you talked about the margin going into the two nineties beginning in the third quarter. Can you sort of specify and I apologize if I miss this and taking my notes, but what would be included in that and is that -- does that include PPP, forgiveness fees, purchase, accounting benefits, et cetera.
Zach Wasserman: It does include the dynamics we see around PPP, which move around in single digits on the quarter to quarter basis. But, but doesn't include the benefit of PAA will be a couple basis points of benefit. So it's not overly significant. I think PAA give you a sentence. It's three basis points in Q3 and a negative two to 22. So it's relatively small on PAA. So it really the core underlying NIM that will be in the two nineties.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. Okay, good. Thank you guys very much.
Operator: Next question is from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ken Zerbe: All right. Great. Thanks. Good morning. In terms of loans, obviously it's kind of hard to see the, sort of the core loan growth just given the, the merger with TCF this quarter. Can you just talk about, I guess what was sort of that underlying growth in loans? And I'm also kind of curious, I know you guys sound pretty positive about the growth outlook in the second half of the year for loan balances, but, but how does that play out in the near term, just given supply chain constraints and sort of generally weaker overall industry growth? I mean, is your positive outlook more weighted towards the fourth quarter than three healers? It pretty split between the two?
Zach Wasserman: Yeah. Great question. Kind of all this is that I'll take it just a couple of things I would share with you one to answer your question about kind of the underlying Huntington growth. And I will call caveat out to say that we're, we're deeply integrating the businesses at this point. So over time it'll be more and more difficult for us to kind of segregate in this way, but generally what we were seeing was consumer growth kind of close to 1% and commercial growth just slightly less than flat. So overall it was pretty flat. Particularly when you strip out the, the decline of PPP a quarter-to-quarter. Going forward, the more importantly, I think the two dynamics that we've been seeing, we tried to kind of illustrate it in the prepared remarks, continue to be very much think the thing to focus on. Firstly, new production is quite strong at, or better than our plan know on the, on the consumer side, surprising Canadian strength in mortgage and auto and then other commercial side record calling activity, driving pipelines up both sequentially from Q1. And I would also say very, very healthy growth versus 2019. And so that's giving us a lot of confidence in where new production is going. And it's really just a question of watching therefore, the second factor, which is the impacts from the elevated liquidity in the system and supply chain issues on existing line utilization. And so I think the net outcome of this from what we're seeing is probably about 1% additional growth pressure in the back half of this year. And whereas at the beginning of the year, I guided for one to 3% loan growth and then by June at the Morgan Stanley conference that we were talking about sort of the low end of that range, my expectation now is sort of roughly flat average in the second half of the year with growth, really starting to rebound as we get out into 2022 and go forward. I think there's some pretty clear sides, Rocky wisdom here. I think on the on the places where their supply chains are really pressuring inventory utilization and auto and it certainly in the new TCF acquired inventory finance book, we're seeing OEM production increase and our clients want to use these lines. So I think over the course of 22 and 23, we'll see that $5billion to $6 billion come back. And the new production really shows no signs of slowing down at this point. So, and the new production really shows no signs of slowing down at this point. So we're bullish about the future. And I think that throughout the course of '22, you see those conditions.
Ken Zerbe: All right. Perfect. And then just as a -- as a up question dock on the NIM, the 10 basis point increase the second and three Q, how much of that is driven just simply by the addition of TCF and all the purchase counting kind of issues versus the balance sheet optimization or management initiatives that you guys talked about?
Zach Wasserman: Sequentially much of it is driven by the TCF acquisition, but I think so over time, the balance sheet optimization program is providing a great floor for us and really contributing to what would have otherwise been yield curve impacts pushing it lower. So that's, that's probably the best answer I can give you.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everyone. Let's start for you, Zach. So there's obviously a lot going on this quarter. Well, we look at the $0.35 of adjusted EPS. Is that a run rate that you can grow from?
Zach Wasserman: Yeah, I think the outlook we've got for earnings is, is good. Given the TCF synergies coming in, clearly, it's going to be a noisy couple quarters here just with closing the acquisition, but our expectations will continue to drive forward. Very much according to the expectation we've done going all the way back to December of last year.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of staying on offense, right over the last few quarters, you guys have discussed increasing the pace of investment, right? New hires, and we know M&A deals are quite distracting, right? When you're trying to put two companies together, are you able to keep that momentum on offense? If you really need to turn the focus internal to make sure this integration goes seamless as possible,
Mark Muth: We've been doing both all along the court has been executing really well. We still have some good products just launched last month on the consumer side. And I think what Zach earlier subject to the, the, the reduction in in your line utilizations and floor plan rates the, the pipelines have been good and we're closing at or above budget. So we've come into this quarter strong and in comparison to the 2019 where we had a more normalized comparison. So we like what we see in the core, and we're at the same time, really doing a break teams are doing a great job on the integration where either on schedule or schedule, and we've been able to make some really good decisions around the talent within TCF combined to make, to make Huntington a stronger company. So they're, they're pleased with what we see lot of work yet to do, but we're moving rapidly. And by the end of October, the branch consolidations are done. The major systems conversions are done. And, and we're -- we're to enter '22 substantially set, which is probably close to a record time with a June closing for, for the TPF transaction. Really like what we see we're competent about both being able to deliver the poor. We're very focused on that as well as get the economics of the integration.
Operator: Our next question is from Ebrahim Poonawala with Bank of America. Please proceed.
EbrahimPoonawala: Just a question, a couple of questions, one talk to us a little bit on the consumer side. Like you've done a lot Steve, since taking over in terms of making it a very consumer friendly bank I guess to me two things, one, the competitive pressure that you're seeing from either the fintechs or the Neo banks around consumer fees and how you're thinking about it, where do you see the most risk? And do you see a particular risk to TCF deposit customer base, which seems to be the target for some of these banks that are coming up with different texts and Neo banks? Thank you.
Steve Steinour: We've been focused on the consumer side. Since 2009, we launched fair play in 2010, we've had a series of feature function benefits starting with 24 hour grades off the Astro street checking product. That's been a core product, and we build out the product lines. We've continued to innovate over the last decade, all day deposit and more recently safety zone a year ago at this time and different things. So we're, we're disrupting ourselves against the game plan of 10 different things. So we're, we're disrupting ourselves against the game plan of, of trying to be the premier consumer bank in our footprint. And I think we were achieving that. I think in the last nine years, we've had 60, 80 power number ones in consumer bank. In our footprint, you have the three mobile apps in a row like what we're seeing, we're not done. We have some really interesting ideas that we'll be working on through, through this year and well into next to, to further distinguish and provide growth opportunities for us. Now, in the context of TCF, I see a fair blanket thanking philosophy just as a huge advantage for that customer base. And I think from the early reaction of our, our new colleagues from TCF and the branches they're wildly enthusiastic, and I think the customer base will, will be as well. I see that as a big growth opportunity for us, including our capacity across process. So the operating processes, procedures, et cetera, we have complimented by our Fairplay products and, and this emphasis and focus on customer service, I think, is going to make our, our, our, our combination incredibly powerful on the consumer side. I'm very bullish there and we were competing with the -- and the the larger banks in our footprint for years it's, it's actually made us better. So we're, we'll we'll look forward to, to continuing to adapt and innovate and get growth on the consumer banking business.
EbrahimPoonawala: That's helpful to you. Thank you. And this is a follow up, I think the other side of Steve's question, you have been relatively acquisitive over the last few years, as you get through the TCF integration over the next few quarters, just talk to us in terms of need for M&A, he didn't tell me the scale or expanding geography is like, is any of that a priority over the medium term or not?
Steve Steinour: The focus is on yeah, completely this integration. Well, the reason the economics were better and driving before and, and, and that that's, that's the focus. So we're, we're really grateful and pleased with the talented new colleagues we have joining us. There's a training natural absorption that will go on over the next year or so. And and again, that's where we're focused.
Operator: Thank you. Oh, that's the question is from Brian Cohen with Autonomous, please proceed.
Brian Cohen: Hi. I'm just thinking over the next couple of quarters. I mean it's always tough with these deals to figure out what's really going on. What clearly have the benefit of your qualitative comments? And you've been very clear that you're upbeat on what's going on so far, but if you put yourself in our shoes for the next 6 to 9 months, and, and you're kind of picking up the financial separate quarter are there two or three things that you would say, look, these are the, you should watch for these three metrics and this kind of what's, what's going to be good? And this is what's going to be this is what would be the benchmark you should really focus on for the next six to nine months. Basically I pick up the third quarter financials and I'm trying to figure out are things going well, what would be the two or three things you would really key in on?
Zach Wasserman: Yeah, it's a great question. This is Zach I can I fully understand it. And, and, and frankly internally what, we're very much focused on ensuring we have visibility as well what I'm watching. Cause I think the same things you should have, which is this sequential loan growth from where we stand today. As I mentioned, I think it will be somewhat flattish here in the back half of the year, but, but I do think that conditions will be improving, but we'll be watching that line utilization that drag, that it added goes away will kind of reveal the underlying strength in the new production. Well I think the, the driver has that's sort of point 1. Point 2 is that as we talked about, our expectation is in the two nineties. I think that'll move potentially based on the pace of the deposit runoff and that kind of 18 basis points of elevated liquidity drag coming off. I have confidence that our forecasts are with a lot of actions and specific plans to drive it, but I think that's the thing I would watch, secondly. Third we haven't talked about it a lot here, but, but fees are a real bright spot for us in terms of the focus areas for our strategy and, and the growth that is driving principally in those four areas. I mentioned in my comments, carton payments, debit, and the commercial card business card, just on fire treasury management, continuing to try to track forward very, very well. Our capital markets business growing very nicely year over year and sequentially, and then wealth and investments, which we're seeing record sales activity, really strong revenue growth as well. So I watched those very carefully. And then I think lastly, the expenses I think and then I think lastly, the expenses I think we've got a question earlier about, about the trajectory of expenses. I do think it'll pop up just from a kind of calendarization perspective into the third quarter, as we have a full quarter of TCF, but then you'll, you'll see it every quarter, take it down on a nominal basis over the next few quarters, as, as our synergies are realized and kind of wave by way of basis. And then getting to that run rate level of performance that are in our medium term targets as we get into the second half of '22. And as we certainly go into the full year of '23, so that's, that's our operating plan. And and that's certainly what I would urge you to stay focused on as well. Additionally the, the credit profile will continue to improve. We've tried to be conservative with both our marks and our use of discretion or not pool as it relates to the new GCF portfolio. And you'll see, you'll see a improvement on credit class, NPA, NPL net charge offs as well.
Brian Cohen: That's really great. I appreciate all the detail from both of them.
Operator: Our next question is from David Konrad with KBW
David Konrad: Good morning. I was just wondering if you had help us out a little bit on next quarters expenses make sure we're all kind of in the range of the same, the same starting point as you put TCF together with, with H1for the full quarter?
Zach Wasserman: I hate them to give so overly precise guidance, but implication X-one timers will pop up a couple of $100 million. This is the run rate into next quarter. So around $1billion of runway expenses X-one timers and then started to tick down from there.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached -- so there's one more question from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jon Arfstrom: Good job. Thanks for letting me sneak in a question for you back on Steve on, on the EPS question. It sounds like you're pretty optimistic on credit. Can you give us some idea of what you're thinking in terms of provisioning as well? Are we still in this reserve reduction credit improvement mode for the company, or are there any nuances in terms of how you've marked TCF and what you see on credit where we're going to flip back to a positive provision?
Zach Wasserman: Hey Jon, it's Zach. Let me take that, so from my standpoint we've been releasing reserves now for, for two quarters and, and within that we're seeing the positive impacts on the economy and our product metrics are continuing to improve with the TCF mark. We spent a lot of time on that. We feel we have an absolutely right. And so we would not expect to have to build reserves from here. We continue to expect the economy to improve and, and our credit metrics, as Steve just mentioned we also expect to see reductions in a credit class and MPA's, and charge offs continuing a downward trend. So if all of that holds true, I would expect to see continued releases looking forward.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, good. Steve, when does Fairplay come into the TCF markets and what, what kind of impact do you expect that to have?
Steve Steinour: John will be introducing Huntington products when we do the conversion on Columbus day. And I think that will be the moment where with, with some advertising or marketing, along with the highly engaged a new college from TCF, we'll be able to, to really make that case with what we're talking about here. We have to get through the conversion and, and, and settle it down. Usually takes a couple of weeks, but, but we had such great products in comparison that they're very, our branch colleagues are, they're very enthusiastic. And so it's an exciting moment for us. We will translate that into our customer base and, and we'll be launching marketing campaigns in advance to sort of set up the momentum that we hope to deliver. Number one, we -- when we announced the DCF deal, we talked about the expense, take out the half the equation, but we were optimistic about, about the revenue potential in this. And it's not been sized. It wasn't sized for discussion that it's not today, but, but it's looking really good. And and we have a great group of new colleagues that will be able to deliver this worth. So we're, we're, we're, we're, we're very optimistic about our future together.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. You kind of had on what I wanted to ask okay. You kind of had on what I wanted to ask also, but do you have any early revenue synergy examples that you can share? I know you don't want to size it, but any examples so far?
Zach Wasserman: Well, I doing a lot of calling and so the vignettes that I'm picking up from customers our customers, TCF customers, even prospects, are very, very encouraging. We've never, we have a much broader set of products and services than TCF. So when we're sitting around talking about what we can do, like a, I think it was yesterday with a very large middle market company, and they're asking us questions on a detailed basis about the venue. TCF just didn't have those products and capabilities. And, and, and, and so being able to introduce those into a discussion are look very, very promising. I think there'll be a 40 year relationship removed from one of our competitors. So again, this combination has a lot of potential and the breadth of our products and services, both on the business or commercial side of the service side are very encouraging. This is to tack onto that one to me, if I think about the synergies I'm equally bullish and opposite, you just isn't. I was thinking about them sort of in, in, in a few major buckets, there's the sort of deepening engagement with products, commercial capital markets, treasury management, our card and commercial card, or payments businesses in consumer, all the things that Steve just referenced in terms of elevated level of share of wallet, given the stronger products and, and, and an accelerated acquisition with the particularly the digital capabilities. And then lastly, geographic opportunity for, for us to expand it to the new, big markets, Denver, Minneapolis, deepening into a lot of the markets that we exist today, I think already beginning to hire staff and really start to penetrate those markets to big three buckets that I'm seeing. So we're moving fairly quickly just to pick up on Zack so we can emanate this a little bit. We've we're, ahead of the hiring that we had at the pro-forma on our commercial or wealth and business. Thank you in a couple of those new markets and the power of the combination in terms of just the sheer magnitude of what we have in Michigan and Chicago is very, very exciting to us. So a lot of work to do in front of us, that's where we're focused on driving organic growth and getting this integration in great shape, but we like what we see.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Thanks a lot. Very helpful. And, and mark congrats and thanks over the years. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question from Ken Usdin with Jefferies, please proceed.
Ken Usdin: Good morning guys. Just, can you remind us on your, on the medium term goals for Row and efficiency ratio, just what your timeframe is for that, and then also, how do you contemplate what rates and credit you build into that?
Zach Wasserman: Yeah, this is Zach. I'll take that one. Great question. I appreciate the opportunity to elaborate and be more specific. So medium term for us, it was really kind of the next four to eight quarters. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks and in a few questions, I think you'll see that the deal economics sort of accrue very substantially into '22, and they'll kind of build over the course of the year where the run rate is particularly the second half of the year will be very much evidence of that. And then the full year '23 should, should very much be those, those metrics. And so that's our focus. So back half '22 to '23 and I think the, the credit environment that we're visioning and the part in is continued tracking forward of benefits as rich just noted in this this answer just a few moments ago that that probably will rubber that some incremental reserve releases here mainly in the back half of '21, I would expect. And then on the forward yield curve basis, really just planning on the, on the Ford yield curve as it exists today. So and you can, you can, you can see that too still represents a constructive environment, particularly as you get kind of through '22 and into the, the, the course of '23 but, but really on a NIM basis that, that will manifest itself into the two nineties, which is my forecast sort of what would that entire period.
Ken Usdin: Got it and then just one follow-up on the merger saves, so with the conversions finalizing in October, is it fair to say that we'll get run rate full run rate saves in, in one queue and then on top of that, like, how do you feel just about your original cost save forecast? Do you see any potential upside and if there were to be upside, do you expect to let that fall? Or what could you reinvest some of it? Thanks guys.
Zach Wasserman: Yeah. Good, good. It's a good additional question in terms of the cost, they are still very much on track to deliver what we committed and that's the number we're really aiming for. And it's not, it's not sort of a perfect step down of costs as you, as you sort of alluded potentially as a form of your question, really, there was sort of thinking about traunches of, of cost reductions. That'll begin as I mentioned in the fourth quarter and start to kind of each quarter thereafter drive incremental benefits on a quarter to quarter basis, really by the second half of the year, you'll sort of see the full totality of it. There's a few pieces that will carry forward in terms of additional execution into the early part of next year. So so we'll see a steady reduction in expenses for starting for Q4 and then continuing for about four or five quarters thereafter.
Operator: Our next question again from Brian Ford, please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Oh, hi. I just wanted to circle back to that three Q expense number and definitely recognize you mentioned you're not trying to give point guidance, but now I'll ask you about point guidance to make sure I'm not misinterpreting. So you're saying start with a billion and then add a couple hundred million. So, so something like $1.2 billion, $1.25 billion, but with a wide range is I just want to make sure, like?
Zach Wasserman: No, well, let me, let me clarify. Let me clarify. I think I would be looking at the numbers. It's roughly a $250 million higher quarter to quarter on a growth rate, just a nominal basis from Q2 and Q3. That's just the sort of quarter realization if you will, of the full quarter of GCF a run rate expenses before many of the synergies started to take place. So precisely roughly $250 million quarter to quarter hiring in expenses, X-one timers into Q3.
Unidentified Analyst: And the base that's higher off of is roughly $1billion even, or, or what what's $250 million higher than what?
Zach Wasserman: Yeah, the numbers I'm looking at $800 million. I'm not sure that the numbers you're looking at and you can take it offline to help you clarify more precisely.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. But you said the number you're looking at is what?
Zach Wasserman: The number in the earnings release X, the one-time items that the 803 it's the starting point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, perfect. No, that's, that's exactly what I was trying to clarify. I was working off the wrong base. Okay, So $250 million higher off 803 with obviously lots of moving parts around integration and stuff. So that's kind of a range to start rather than a point guidance?
Zach Wasserman: That's a good way to think about it. I appreciate that. I was about to plug in a number that was about 20% too high in my model.
Operator: Our next question is from Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research, please proceed.
Bill Carcache: Thanks. Good morning. I wanted to follow up on the outlook for low growth to be flat in the second half, but improving in 2022 and one to ask if you could tie that outlook in with what's implicit in that outlook relative to the, the, the, the commentary you had around labor force shortages continuing and, and just to the extent that the expectation is that that's going to improve as we look to the fall and beyond as extended unemployment benefits for Barrett's and other stimulus sort of a bait, is that sort of the expectation that's, that's contributing to that, or maybe, maybe just some color on, on what's implicit in that outlook?
Steve Steinour: It's -- this is Steve. Bill, you have an environment that is, is changing is improving. We hope on the employment side that is the number one issue for businesses. At least in our footprint, they just can't get enough labor. And so the, the change in benefits, we, we hope will spur more employment, which -- which will translate over time to higher growth rates and financing needs. But it's, it's, it's not an immediate correlation. It just takes some, some period of time to burn in. And, and we expect that we'll, we'll, we'll see that feel it and experiences during the fourth quarter, but there's also with the ten-year reduction, there's some level of prepayment that we would expect to occur on some of our portfolio. So we're, we're trying to incorporate all of the changes with the guidance that you, you got from, from Zack. We're not optimistic that live utilizations improve in any material sense this year at this point. And that is that that's a bit of a change from where we were at the end of the first quarter.
Bill Carcache: Understood. And I wanted to follow up on some of the commentary on the auto side of the business and ask if you could give some color on your discussions with your dealer clients, in terms of what you're hearing and hearing from them around their appetite for keeping four plan levels, lower versus history, even, even the supply chain issues are resolved. How are you guys thinking about the possibility that we could end up below historical levels of inventory?
Steve Steinour: Well, it reminds me of 2010 and '11, when the bankruptcy is occurred and inventories were drawn down and that's like, everybody's going to keep floor levels lower than the the car companies are going to be more judicious and try and get pricing versus volume. And that lasted for a couple of quarters, but there is a volume share game that, that history has shown that, that the OEM's want. And they -- they have the ability to push delivery. It's not just the dealers pulling it. So, so we believe over time, the floorplan inventories will essentially get back to where they were. A lot of the dealers, particularly in this low rate environment would love to have a lot more inventory and, and they're, they're getting deliveries and it's in a good percentage of the cases. They're all those are pre-sold. So they're on the last very briefly, and they're still phenomenal where people come in thinking they know what they want, but they're, they're there once they experience the next version of, or, or the additional features that are available in the car that there's a, there's a sales process and generally a selection that still has some physical components. So at Sonic, I think the dealers will be essentially in the position they were back in '18 and '19 over time though. I don't think that's a '21, and it may not even fully be in '22, but by '23, we think that, that that'll be normalized assuming that the pandemic stays under control.
Bill Carcache: Thank you, Steve. That's helpful.
Operator: Before we move on to the next just real quick, we got an email question. Question is you talked about the buyback, but you didn't talk about the dividend. Could you give us what your thinking on the dividend? 
Zach Wasserman: Well, we typically make a dividend decisions in the fourth quarter. It's a board decision. We'll, we'll be rerunning models now with TCF data and, and and look at that on our priority, send that changed organic growth dividends and all of the use at this point. That's about as far as like, go at this point. So Joe's next question? No more questions. So Steve, I would like to turn the call back to you for any closing remarks.
Zach Wasserman: Well, thank you all for your interest in Huntington, we continue to execute our core strategies as as you heard earlier, and I'm confident we'll drive both near term and long-term returns for our shareholders. We're all patient committed to deliver the economics and the recently closed TCF acquisition while the organic growth will them driven by our investments remains intact. So we're optimistic about the opportunities in front of us confident in our ability to capitalize on the improving economic recovery. I believe the disciplined execution of our strategy will drive top ports out financial performance over the medium and long-term. And we clearly build a strong foundation of enterprise risk management and a deeply embedded stock ownership mentality, which aligns our board management colleagues with our shareholders. So thank you for your support and interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you very much for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Daryl. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer; Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer will join us for the Q&A session. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to the slides and the material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Mark. Good morning, everyone. Slide 3 provides an overview of Huntington's strategy to build the leading people-first digitally powered bank in the nation. We continue to execute against this strategic vision and are pleased with our progress to-date. We see significant opportunities ahead of us, as we position our businesses for the recovery at hand. Over the past year, we updated our multi-year strategic plan with a focus on driving long-term revenue growth, continuing to build our brand based on best-in-class products and increasing our industry-leading customer satisfaction across our businesses. We also announced the planned acquisition of TCF Financial, which will provide powerful opportunities to grow revenue, expand our market presence and provide scale to our businesses while increasing our investments in digital and other areas. This combination will increase our capacity to invest and we will become more efficient with the significant expected expense takeouts. We accelerated our digital investments as part of our strategic vision and are encouraged by the digital adoption trends. Due to the investments we've already made, for the first time over half of new customer deposit accounts were originated digitally in the last quarter. The double-digit growth in active digital and mobile engagement is similarly encouraging. As we look ahead, we're optimistic about a strong economic recovery. Unemployment has decreased significantly across our footprint. Were again, hearing a crescendo of commentary from our customers regarding labor constraints and wage inflation. Consumer confidence has meaningfully improved. On average, consumers are less leveraged and more liquid. Our debit card trends have consistently posted double-digit year-over-year growth rates for the past several quarters. Consumer spending in service industries is expected to broadly accelerate this year as demand returns. Consumer loan production also continues to be strong. On the commercial side, sentiment is encouraging. Our pipelines are up across the board, increasing our confidence in recovery of commercial loan demand later this year. While supply chain constraints such as the semiconductor shortages will likely challenge some manufacturers in the near-term, progress of the recovery and visibility into growing customer orders are causing outlooks to strengthen. Let me also share some high level remarks from our first quarter results, which provided a strong start to the year and included solid core performance with our momentum building. Commercial loan originations were in line with expectations. However, overall growth was constrained by both forgiveness of PPP loans and continued headwinds in dealer floorplan and commercial line utilization. Both of which are temporary challenges. Residential mortgage, auto and RV/Marine produced seasonally strong originations in face of tight inventory. Growth in consumer loan balances was obscured by unprecedented levels of paydowns following the two recent rounds of stimulus. Deposit growth continues to consistently exceed expectations. Finally, on Slide 4, I'd like to give an update on the pending TCF acquisition. We believe the timing could not be better as the strengthening recovery dovetails with the growth and scale opportunities presented by this combination. We continue to make good progress toward our anticipated closing late in the second quarter, and to complete the majority of systems conversions late in the third quarter. In March, Huntington and TCF shareholders approved the transaction and our integration plan is on track. We completed the selection of key management and anticipate receiving the outstanding regulatory approvals, including the required branch divestiture in the coming weeks. We've become major components of the cost reduction plan including the closure of 44 Meijer branches later this quarter. Now let me turn it over to Zach for more detail on our financial performance.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 5 provides the financial highlights for the first quarter. We reported earnings per common share of $0.48. Return on average assets was 1.76% and return on average tangible common equity was 23.7%. Bottom line results were augmented by two notable items. The first was a $144 million mark-to-market benefit on our interest rate caps, driven by the steepening yield curve and increased market volatility. The second was $125 million or 7% reserve release, resulting from the improving economic outlook and credit metrics. Partially offsetting these were $21 million of TCF acquisition-related expenses, which are broken out as a significant item in the earnings release with granularity provided in Table 8. Now let's turn to Slide 6 to review our results in more detail. We continue to be pleased with our sustained growth of pre-tax pre-provision earnings, which increased 15% year-over-year in the first quarter. Total revenue increased 19% versus the year ago quarter. Net interest income grew 23% driven by solid underlying loan growth and a 34 basis point increase in NIM, which were positively impacted by the substantial mark-to-market gain that I mentioned in our interest rate cap derivatives and the $44 million of accelerated PPP loan fee accretion. Fee income growth of 9% was aided by a record first quarter for mortgage banking income, as saleable mortgage originations set its own record with 89% year-over-year growth and secondary marketing spreads remained elevated. Similarly, our wealth and investment management businesses experienced its best quarter ever with respect to net asset flows and also benefited from positive equity market performance over the prior 12 months. Card and payments continue to post strong, consistent growth. Deposit service charges remain below the year ago level as elevated consumer deposit account balances continue to moderate the recovery of this line. Total expenses were higher by $141 million or 22% from the year ago quarter, three percentage points of this growth can be attributed to the approximately $21 million of significant items related to the TCF acquisition. There were also approximately $45 million of expenses in the quarter or approximately seven percentage points of growth resulting from the pull forward of these three expenses that otherwise would have been incurred in the future. The first of which was a $25 million contribution to the Columbus Foundation. Second, we moved our annual long-term incentive grants to March from the historical timing in May. Third, we retimed some expense related to our colleagues health savings accounts, which would otherwise have been incurred in the balance of 2021. These two compensation related items together totaled approximately $20 million. The remaining approximately 11.5% underlying expense growth rate was driven primarily by the accelerated investment in strategic growth initiatives, which we have been communicating for the past several quarters. Turning to Slide 7, FTE net interest income increased 23% as earning asset growth was coupled with year-over-year NIM expansion. On a linked-quarter basis, net interest margin increased 54 basis points to 3.48%, as shown in the reconciliation on the right side of the slide, the linked-quarter increased primarily reflected the 49 basis point net change in the interest rate caps. As we've discussed previously, we're taking actions on both sides of the balance sheet to offset the inherent margin pressure caused by the prolonged low interest rate environment, managing the underlying core net interest margin near current levels. Given the significant impact on NIM from the interest rate caps, Slide 8 provides additional information on this aspect of our comprehensive hedging strategy. As we disclosed in December, we purchased $5 billion of interest rate caps with an average tenor of seven years, to reduce impacts on capital from rising rates. This hedging action performed very well this quarter. In March, we subsequently sold $3 billion of new interest rate caps at a higher strike price to create a collar like position. This is expected to dampen further mark-to-market impacts and recovered approximately half of the premium paid on the initial caps, while maintaining the majority of the capital protection from the physician. Turning to Slide 9. Average earning assets increased $12 billion or 12% compared to the year ago quarter, driven by the $6 billion of PPP loans and the $5 billion increase in deposits of the Fed. Average commercial and industrial loans increased 11% from the year ago quarter, primarily reflecting the PPP loans. On a linked-quarter basis, C&I loans decreased 1%, primarily reflecting the forgiveness of PPP loans and the decline in dealer floorplan utilization. As we indicated at the RBC conference in March, commercial loan pipelines remain up significantly from a year ago, and we're seeing that manifest in new commercial loan production. Residential mortgage, RV and marine, all posted year-over-year growth in new production. Average consumer loan balances declined sequentially as stimulus-related paydowns more than offset strong new production in the quarter. On a linked-quarter basis, average earning asset growth primarily reflected the $2 billion or 9% increase in average securities as we executed our previous announced plan to deploy excess liquidity through the purchase of securities during the quarter. Turning to Slide 10. We will review deposit growth and funding. Average core deposits increased 20% year-over-year and 4% sequentially, driven by increased consumer liquidity levels related to the downturn, consumer growth largely related to stimulus, increased account production and reduced attrition. Slide 11 provides an update on PPP forgiveness and expectations for the current program. In total, Huntington approved $6.6 billion of PPP loans in the original program and has approved an additional $1.8 billion of loans in the current program. In light of the recent congressional extension of the program, and our current application activity, we now anticipate the total amount for the current round to reach approximately $2 billion. We continue to expect approximately 85% of those balances from the original program and the new program ultimately to be forgiven. Through the end of March, $2.4 billion of loans from the original tranche have been forgiven, and we anticipate approximately $2.3 billion will be forgiven during the second quarter. For the current program, we expect the majority of the forgiveness to occur this year, particularly in the second half of the year. Slide 12 illustrates the continued strength of our capital and liquidity ratios. The tangible common equity ratio, or TCE, ended the quarter at 7.11%, down five basis points sequentially. The common equity Tier 1 ratio or CET1 ended up the quarter at 10.33%, up 33 basis points from the last quarter. The CET1 ratio was modestly above our 9% to 10% operating guideline, and we feel it's prudent to maintain strong capital levels going into the TCF acquisition. It also positions us well to execute on our growth initiatives and investment opportunities going forward. As we have previously communicated, we've paused share repurchases until we have substantially completed the TCF acquisition and integration. Slide 13 provides a lock of our allowance for credit losses. The first quarter included a $125 million reserve release, primarily from consumer, while the quarter in ACL represents 2.17% loans and 2.33% of loans, excluding PPP. We believe this is a prudent level to address remaining economic uncertainty while reflecting the improved overall credit metrics and economic outlook. Slide 14 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter. Our overall credit performance continued to strengthen. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 32 basis points of average loans and leases, slightly below the low end of our average through the cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Our criticized asset and NPA ratios were both relatively stable. As always, we have provided additional granularity by portfolio in the analyst package and the slides. I want to spend a minute on our ongoing investments and progress on digital engagement and origination. Looking at Slide 15, we continue to invest in a focused set of strategic initiatives to drive revenue acceleration and competitive differentiation. In addition to a variety of digital and product investments, we are adding personnel and core revenue-generating roles to support strategic growth in our capital markets, specialty banking, small business administration and vehicle finance businesses. We have also increased marketing expense back to prepandemic levels and to promote new launches related to fair play banking. Slide 16 illustrates several key digital engagement and origination trends. Showing some of the benefits of our ongoing tech investments. On the left side of the slide, you can see continued growth in monthly digital engagement and usage levels in consumer and business banking. The digital origination trends on the right side of the slide are particularly encouraging as they show strong customer uptake of the new consumer and business digital origination capabilities we introduced over the course of the last year. We are executing robust technology road maps across our business lines that will drive sustainable revenue momentum via improved customer acquisition, retention and deepening. Finally, Slide 17 provides our updated expectations for the full year 2021 on a Huntington stand-alone basis. We now expect full year average loan growth of 1% to 3%, down slightly from prior expectations as a result of the elevated levels of paydowns and a delayed recovery of commercial and vehicle floorplan line utilization. These expectations reflect flat to modestly higher commercial loans inclusive of PPP and low single-digit growth in consumer loans. Excluding PPP, we would expect to see low single-digit growth in both. For deposits, we now expect full year average balance growth of 9% to 11%, higher than previous expectations given the stronger-than-anticipated deposit inflows in the first quarter and the overall elevated levels of core deposits, which we expect to persist for several more quarters. We are also adjusting our expectations for full year total revenue growth higher to a range of 3.3% to 5%. We expect net interest income growth to be in the mid-single digits, while noninterest income is expected to be modestly lower for the full year. Full year growth expectations for noninterest expense are now between 7% and 9%. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding $21 million of significant items I discussed previously, we expect noninterest expense to increase between 6% and 8%. This increase, relative to our prior expectations, is driven by the foundation donation in the first quarter and increases in compensation expenses related to the higher revenue expectation for the year. The large majority of the underlying expense growth continues to be driven by investments in our strategic growth initiatives as we've discussed previously. While expense growth is expected to outstrip revenue growth over the near-term, our commitment to positive operating leverage remains over the long-term. Our expectation and plan is to bring the expense growth rate back to more normalized levels during the second half of 2021. Finally, credit remains fundamentally sound. We now expect full year 2021 net charge-offs to be between 30 to 40 basis points, reflecting improving economic conditions and stable charge-offs in both commercial and consumer portfolios. Further reserve releases remain dependent on the economic recovery and related credit performance. As a reminder, all expectations are stand-alone for Huntington and do not include consideration made for the pending acquisition of TCF. Now let me turn it back to Mark, so we can get your questions.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Zack. Daryl, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question is come from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Zerbe: All right, great, thank you. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zerbe: Why don't we start  just in terms of the interest rate caps, I probably may not be the only one who didn't appreciate how meaningful this could be on a mark-to-market basis for our NII. I get that you added the short cap position, but it still seems that you are sort of  you have a fair amount of long exposure outstanding. Can you just talk about the volatility that we should expect sort of on how long does this volatility last over time? And I mean, is it right to assume that we could be looking at maybe not $100-plus million swings, but $50 million, $60 million swings in NII in any given quarter, up or down?
Zach Wasserman: Hi Ken, this is Zach. I'll take that question. And look, I would start by saying the priority of our  the goal for this position and our strategy here was to look around the corner to manage risk to protect capital and to be dynamic and proactive to do that. And we thought it was a really smart move, and as you saw it, I think it benefited us substantially. And so that also underlies our decision to continue to maintain this position, albeit somewhat colored as we discussed for the foreseeable future. And so we'll have to see what happens. These get marked to market every day. And then, ultimately, we post the result that's extent at the very last day of the quarter. But we believe it is the right position as we go forward here. So we'll have to see. We'll keep you posted. But over the long-term, we think it's a really smart position for us to protect our capital.
Steve Steinour: Ken, I'll just add, what we executed these in the fourth quarter. Remember the outlook was the rates would be flat through  well into 2023. So we thought the benefit of this capital protection would be in the out years, four, five, six plus and obviously, interest rate outlook changed very rapidly after the election. But it wasn't our intent to sort of view this as some kind of short-term position when we originated it. It was this protection of capital over time.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. No, it definitely worked out incredibly well this quarter. No doubt about that. My second sort of related follow-up question. Is it a little more in the weeds. I think I'm missing something, but would love your clarification on this. If we look at just the change in net interest income from last quarter to this quarter, and we back out only the change if  the way I understand it, the change in the caps of, call it, $140 million to the positive. And then we backed out another $40 million change in PPP income, it implies that net interest income actually went down by $32 million sort of on an all else equal basis. Am I missing something in that calculation?
Steve Steinour: I think you got it right. I think we saw  as we noted in the commentary, a bit of pressure on underlying loans in the quarter just from the headwinds that we're seeing in line utilization, but that was offset by really strong fee income growth during the quarter. The NIM, if you were to strip out that cap gain was $2.97 to give you a sense of the net interest margin.
Zach Wasserman: And Ken, you also had the impact of day count, if you're looking at the dollars.
Steve Steinour: On a sequential basis, correct.
Ken Zerbe: Got it, okay. All right, perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is come from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Matt OConnor: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Matt.
Matt OConnor: I know you talked about it in the past here and there. But as we think about the increased investment spend this year, specifically on technology and digital. I was just wondering if you could summarize what a couple of the kind of bigger initiatives that your spend is that's driving that higher investment spend this year?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I think  this is Zach. I'll take that, and Steve may want to tack on as well here. But what we really like about our strategic plan is it's incredibly focused, and it's driven by key initiatives across each of our business lines. So within our consumer business line, which we've talked about for a while, much of the increased investment is around digital with three major focus areas as we talked about over the last several years and certainly last year, improving our digital point-of-sale and product origination capabilities. We largely completed that last year. And now the teams are working through how to best optimize and incorporate that within the omnichannel client engagement process we have for client origination. Also, a lot of focus around engagement and deepening to personalization and ease of use client account servicing. In the commercial business, significant amount of digital investment as well around new client onboarding, relationship manager digital tool sets as well as focused investment in new people, for example, in specialty banking and in our capital markets business. We're also really pleased with the investments we're putting into our wealth and investment management business, which, again is sort of a mixture of both technology to improve the client adviser interaction experience and relationship management tools as well as select people hires as we bring on new relationship managers, which is, as I mentioned in my script, really driving substantial sales growth and performance. And lastly, I would highlight vehicle finance. For the last several years, we've been working to digitize the customer experience as well as continue to expand the geographic footprint of that business in a way that's really constructive. Steve, do you want to talk about that?
Matt OConnor: That's a very helpful summary. As we think half the cost saves associated with the TCF deal, you'd mentioned long-term expense growth. Like what is a good call it, three to five year outlook on expense growth? And I understand it might be somewhat revenue dependent. But if you think about most revenue growth coming from loans, NIM expansion, hopefully, things that aren't super high on the efficiency ratio, what would a good range for underlying expense growth be?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. It's a great question. And I would note that for the next several years, based on our forecast for the integration of the TCF acquisition, overall reported revenue and expense growth levels will be substantially impacted by that, and you're going to see quite high levels of growth in both as we incorporate that business and measure the year-over-year growth. But kind of an underlying basis, which I know what's the basis of your question, my expectation and goal is that we're growing the top line at or above nominal GDP, with revenue lower than that and driving positive operating leverage. I think over the long-term, something like 1.5% to 3.5% sort of inflationary growth is logical. And if revenue is stronger than perhaps expenses are stronger than that. But generally, that's my broad expectation.
Steve Steinour: Ken, I just want to reiterate the commitment to positive operating leverage after nine years, we've elected this year to make investments coming off the strategic plan and particularly because of the economic volatility that we saw last year with the virus and the expected recovery. We think we are playing this in terms of timing, exactly right. We've got a series of near-term revenue growth initiatives that we're executing. And that will position us for the long-term, but we will be back to positive operating leverage.
Matt OConnor: Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is come from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks. Good morning. Just one follow-up on the expense side. So clearly, you have the excess revenues helped by the swaps and then a higher expected growth rate this year on the expenses, which makes sense that you're continuing to accelerate. But just, Zach, you mentioned last quarter, a different cadence between first half expense growth and second half expense growth. I just want to try to understand, is the increment that's embedded in the new expense growth rate also going to show all in the first half in part due to the items in the first? Just kind of if you can walk us through how things traject from here would be helpful. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Yes, Ken, thanks for the question. I appreciate the chance to clarify. I would say approximately three quarters of the incremental expenses were what we saw come through in Q1. So there's a small lift in the balance of the year, but most of it was what we saw come through in Q4, Q1. And the key thing with our plan is as that we're front-loading these investments into the first half of the 2021. And so the expectation is really the same as it was before, elevated expense growth on a kind of core run rate basis in the first half coming down to more normal levels in the second half of the year. And of that 6% to 8% underlying core expense, approximately five percentage points of that is our long-term strategic investments. And the other 1% to 3% is really sort of a natural expense inflation that you might expect and some normalization of company-wide programs like merit and T&E and medical costs and things of this nature and some additional expenses to support the additional revenue, as I noted in my prepared remarks. So front-end loaded, back-end back to historical levels and really no change other than those factors I just talked about.
Ken Usdin: Helpful. And then the same kind of just thoughts process on the NII side. Obviously, NII outlook helped by the $144 million. Just underneath that, can you just talk about just the underlying changes to your prior views on NII versus the fees look as well? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Overall, I expect mid-single digits interest income for the full year. I think driven by  in part by our modest growth in assets that we've indicated in the guidance between 1% and 3%. And spread  NIM spread, overall, but it will be roughly flat for the full year. I think just touching on NIM for a second. Next couple of quarters will likely be in the mid 2.80s in terms of NIM, biggest impact, just changing our expectations somewhat is continued elevated levels of Fed cash driven by the elevated levels liquidity across the system that many folks have commented on here in the earnings cycle, and, to some degree, the beginning of the roll-off of our hedges, which will be down about 7 basis points into Q2. So Q2 will be a trough to mid-2.80s for the next several quarters. But pulling off, FY 2020 still looks at like a NIM of 2.90 or better and long term, still forecasting to maintain those levels and with stable to rising NIM over the longer-term.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Thank you, Zach.
Zach Wasserman: Youre welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question has come from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking the question. Hey, just wanted to ask, I guess, a follow-up on the rate cap. So between the  what you sort of captured in the first quarter and then the sale of the $3 billion new caps in March. So does this do anything to your  sort of your forward rate sensitivity? I think, Zach, I've sort of thought about the hedges as more balance sheet protection than really adjusting your rate sensitivity. So is there any change to that dynamic?
Zach Wasserman: So I think you got it right. The position was around protecting capital. And I think you saw on the slide a 52% offset of the OCI mark on securities was protected by this. So it's really good. We've got our Treasurer, Derek Meyer in the room. Why don't, Derek, you want to comment a little bit on asset sensitivity and in your outlook for that one.
Derek Meyer: Yes. Thank you. So we've continued to look at that. Obviously, we've already stated this was primarily thinking of a capital play. There is the knock-on effect because it comes to earnings on our margin. Most of our decisionings has been to retain as much downside protection while capturing the upside. As these rates have gone up, and that is these caps have obviously made us even more sensitive in that respect, we are evaluating our next hedging moves to protect that downside without giving up that upside opportunity. So it does change the posture. That's also a big part of what we're thinking about as we evaluate our positioning with TCF, which is a separate set of decisions, but that is another set of levers that we have to incorporate into our forward view.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Broadly speaking, just pulling back a second, I think really like where the asset sensitivity kind of strategy and trend is going in that, over time, as our existing hedge position slowly rolls off, we will become more and more exposed to what will be likely a gradually increasing interest rate environment as well. And so think it's sort of well-timed for us to be exposed in that way as rates begin to rise over the next several years.
Scott Siefers: Got it. Thats helpful. Thank you. And then, I guess as a follow-up, I think, Zach, at a point, you'd mentioned the sale of the new rig caps, the $3 billion, that should sort of dampen the mark-to-market impacts. Is there a way to sort of speak to how much protection you have against future volatility like we saw this quarter, both up and down?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. It's a good question. We estimate it's between 15% and 30% impact on dampening. So importantly, we wanted to maintain kind of a net long exposure there because we do think, to the extent that there's a probability of moves substantially off the forward curve, it's likely to be higher. But that dampening is sort of between 15% and 30% as you go forward.
Scott Siefers: Got it. All right, thank you guys very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question has come from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your questions.
Peter Winter: Good morning. I was wondering if could you talk about  you mentioned the loan pipelines are very strong. I'm just wondering, can you talk about what you're hearing from your customers about making investments and  versus kind of the appetite to draw down on lines of credit versus using that excess liquidity and maybe delaying mine drawdowns?
Steve Steinour: Peter, this is Steve. So in the last four, five weeks, I've had about 50 CEOs in small meeting virtual conversations. And the outlook by them is virtually all very positive about this year, pipelines, their backlogs, very, very encouraging and their overall economic outlook for the next couple of years also very positive. They have  in a number of situations, have supply chain constraints, some of it from mundane items, some of it for chips. But there's a curtailment that, I think, is being experienced, at least in part by these companies on the supply chain. Universally, they talk about inability to get adequate labor, very high turnover and clear wage inflation at the low end. A consequence of that will be more investment by many of them into automation all the way through including packaging. So we expect there'll be a fair amount of equipment finance activity this year. And when we combine with TCF, we'll have a seventh, eighth largest equipment finance company in the country, that should position us very well. We have a very good technology finance team that will play well with automation on the factory side. But even in the health care, health care product side, we're seeing a strong uptick. The health care systems are doing better, haven't been able to reopen and sustain activity that was diminished during the peak of the virus. So we  the people we're talking to, who are the CEOs in that arena, generally very, very confident going forward. So we think the strong pipelines we're seeing, we're up about 40% of the commercial pipeline year-over-year is reflective of what will be demand as we go through the year, probably more in the second half than first, but this  in part because many of them had very good years have liquidity and they're using that liquidity as opposed to line utilizations and other things. Inventories are low in many of these companies, and some of its supply chain, but some of its significant demand, inflation on the commodity side wood or lumber, just a whole host of areas where there's cost push. And I think that will engender further borrowing as their liquidity gets soaked up. So we're  from these conversations, we're optimistic about the continuing improvement especially seen in the second half.
Peter Winter: Okay. Thanks, Steve. And then if I can ask just a follow-up on the PPP. You gave some pretty good disclosure on Slide 11. But what's the outlook, Zach, for the rest of the year to net interest income from PPP?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I think, as we said, the expectation is that we'll see a very substantial amount of additional forgiveness in the second quarter, and I think, to give you a sense, Q1 revenue in total from PPP was around $76 million, of which $45 million was the  have accelerated and $31 million was the underlying yield. My expectation for Q2 is around $50 million total revenue, of which basically half and half between yield and accelerated  the acceleration. And that will represent the preponderance of the PPP revenues for the first program. We'll see a little bit of a tail as we go into the balance of the year. The Round 2, I mentioned, is around $2 billion, about 85%. We think we've forgiven much of it in 2021. That will add around $1.3 billion of ADB and $60 million of revenue we estimate to the year. I know we'll have an analyst modeling call after this, and we can probably double-click into more of the details during that, but this is probably the right high-level comments for you now.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thanks for taking my questions.
Zach Wasserman: Welcome. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question has come from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Bill Carcache: Thanks, good morning; Steve and Zach. Some investors have expressed concern around the risk that internal combustion engine vehicles will lose value compared to electronic vehicles as they take over and obviously, there's debate around when that's going to happen. But can you speak to how HBAN is thinking about this risk, what you guys are doing about it and the extent to which you expect to play a role in helping consumers fund Q3 repurchases as well as like from the standpoint of risk of declining collateral values for your existing book, if you could comment on that as well.
Steve Steinour: So Bill, Steve. Good question, thank you. We think this is going to be an extended transition here. And I believe the industry is of that belief as well. There's  EV is building in the country, but it's building at a very slow rate. Now that may accelerate with climate posture of the Biden Administration and for other reasons, including consumer awareness around environmental and change in demand. But combustion engines, we think, are going to be here through the decade in terms of demand and substantially there, if not fully through production. Having said that, in terms of the impact of us, we're a super prime lender. So whether it's a combustion engine or a hybrid or EV, we work with a view of very low default rates. And so marginal loss rates might increase a bit and have probably would anyway because we're at record highs in terms of bluebook values for use. So  but we don't see it as a big event. In terms of opportunity for us, it's one of the areas of environmentally sensitive financing that we're looking at. There are a series of other areas where we're actively engaged and extending credit in the  over time as we look back in the billions of dollars. And there may be an opportunity for us to do something unique with hybrids or EVs as we go forward.
Bill Carcache: That's very helpful. And as a follow-up, Steve, can you give a bit more color on some of the things you're doing ahead of the TCF closing just to make sure you hit the ground running next year. Is most of the initial focus on insurance move integration versus maybe is it just too early to be thinking about the revenue synergy opportunity that is down the road? Or is that in the mix as well? Any color around that would be helpful.
Steve Steinour: So when we announced, we talked about expense synergies, and we're fairly definitive, but we also alluded to revenue synergies. Our  to start with, our offerings, both consumer and business, are much more extensive than TCF. So it sets up a cross sell, something we've been working on, and we caught what we referred to it as optimal customer relationships. So we've been doing this for a decade. We have very good experience with cross-sell into the Firstmerit customer base. We expect to do as well or even better based on the learnings and experiences in the relative position. TCF also outsourced a number of businesses or products, which we manage directly. And so we'll expect lift out of those. So there's a variety of revenue initiatives, which we are pursuing, in some cases, we've already activated such as SBA lending Minneapolis, an activity that TCF didn't have. And so as we go forward, we'll expect these revenue initiatives. And we'll share them at a future point, will be significant upside to what we've presented in a summary level. So we'll detail where we expect to get them as we proceed. But the first order of business is to execute the committed expense takeout and to get the synergies on that front that we expected with the closing expected later this quarter and a conversion late in the third quarter.
Bill Carcache: Got it. Thank you for taking my questions.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question has come from the line of Steve Alexopoulos of JP Morgan. Please proceed with your questions.
Janet Lee: Good morning, this is Janet Lee on for Steve Alexopoulos. Just digging deeper into your commercial loan growth guidance, I understand that in your guidance of commercial loans being flat to modestly higher for 2021, what is your assumption around the level of commercial utilization for your C&I customers as compared to the current level? And could you also provide more color around like how that compares to pre-pandemic levels?
Zach Wasserman: Sure. Thanks, Janet for the questions. This is Zach, I'll take it. Overall, as I mentioned in the comments, the expectation is, excluding PPP, low single-digit growth in commercial loans and approximately 1.5 percentage of that is from some modest line utilization. Overall, the expectation for line utilization is, it has been reset, and I'll come back and speak more specifically about the pre-pandemic comparisons as you asked. But just generally characterizing the expectation. What we've seen is relatively flat in general middle market lines. My baseline expectation is a modest improvement. Likewise, what we've seen on the vehicle floor plan side is actually some retrenchment from the end of last year to where we stand now. As we go forward, we're expecting some modest improvement in both of those. Together, those represent just under 1% asset growth expectation with my total asset growth. But even if you normalize that, I think the level of strong production we've got across both consumer and commercial, we do expect to drive accelerated loan growth overall on a net basis as we go forward. Just double-clicking into the line utilization expectations, pre-pandemic, we were running in the middle market line utilization, sort of low 40%. And right now, we're in the high 30%, to give you a sense. It's been roughly flat now for several months in a row. And I would expect it will be flat for a time before it starts to rise later in the year. But I think, as has been well publicized, elevated levels of liquidity across the system are contributing to our clients just not meeting those lines at this point. But everything we're hearing from them is that, ultimately, they expect to go back to a more typical financing posture and that those will start to solely normalize probably more in the back half late 2021 and continuing into 2022. On the vehicle floor plan side, historical levels are just around 80% of line utilization. By the end of the year, we have gotten to almost 61% to be precise in December. By the end of this quarter, we were at 51% to give you a sense. So it continues to tick down and has tick down even a little bit more into April. So we'll have to see. That one is really driven by the point specific auto manufacturer issues that have been very well documented in the popular press around microchip shortages and other component shortages. Everything we're hearing, though, is that, slowly, but surely that they are chipping away at that issue. The manufacturers and that vehicle will begin to flow at a faster rate in the back half of the year. My general expectations are relatively flat in that for the next several months before it starts to normalize and rise more again towards the very late part of 2021 with the longer-term expectation based on our client discussions. But they'll go back to historical levels of utilizing that financing, but probably well into the middle of 2022 based on supply.
Janet Lee: Thats very helpful. Thank you. And just turning to  I want to talk through the new money yield that what yields new purchase securities are being put on to the book versus what's rolling off and same for new loan production? And also, what's your plan around deploying excess cash? And how much of that could be deployed into securities over the next several quarters? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I'll take the first crack at it and then Derek Meyer, our Treasurer is in the room as well. Let me tack on as we go. On the security side, we feel really good at actually about where the yields are and what we were able to deploy with roughly $2 billion of net add during the quarter came on sort of around the 160 basis point level. As we think about other new many yields, generally, some modest pressure, but not overly so. I think in the commercial business around 0.25 point lower as we went into Q1 from Q4. CRE, likewise, around 30 basis points to 35 basis points lower, auto roughly stable. So we're seeing some modest down drops on new money, but not overly material, I would say, at this point. Most of the curve impacts have been brought into the pricing. As we take a step back and think about the posture around elevated liquidity, I would say that as we've continued to update our forecast, we've ratcheted higher the expectation for elevated levels of liquidity and deposits, as is indicated by our deposit guidance. And likewise, ratcheted out in time the duration that this phenomenon will last until it begins to normalize. So likely it will take several more quarters for that to slowly start to weigh in, and it will go all the way into 2022. So that gives us the cause to really look at the best ways to deploy that. Over time, you've seen us optimize our funding structure, and we'll continue to look for opportunity to do that to bring down funding costs using that. But I think as well, looking at whether it's appropriate over time to investment in rental securities is also part of the discussion. To be clear, liquidity is the primary objective in making sure that we're managing that well. And so we'll leg into and step into in a kind of phased basis any incremental moves on that and still working through it, nothing for us specifically to talk about there. But we'll continue to be dynamic in looking at it and just watching those trends and optimizing. Anything, Derek, you can tack on to what I said?
Derek Meyer: No, I think you've covered it. We have reached a point with our BAU security strategy, where we need new money yields sort of equal to our run off yields, plus or minus 1.5. So a lot of it is going to happen with prepayment speeds and then what the yield curve shape is. I don't see a big change in trajectory.
Janet Lee: Fine, thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question has come from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your questions.
Jon Arfstrom: Hey, thanks. Good morning, everyone.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Jon.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Hey. Most of it's been handled. But can you  Steve, can you talk a little bit about retention and synergies that you saw on a FirstMerit? And also touch on, like you've got the 44 branches that you're closing, what kind of retention you get from those? And how you're thinking about TCF in terms of retention as well?
Steve Steinour: We have a set of opportunities. Thanks, Jon. I'm sorry. We have a set of opportunities with TCF that are substantial in terms of retaining customers. If we think about Michigan, for example, even after our consolidations of branches, and in aggregate, there'll be more than 200 branches affected by consolidation and divestiture, we will still have number one branch share in Michigan by a factor of about 50%. So we'll be quite a bit larger than the next bank with physical distribution. So that provides an enormous set of opportunities for us in terms of retention, and we have had very high retention coming out of FirstMerit and other in-store branch consolidations. Remember, we can consolidate about 4% of the franchise every year on average. And so our retention efforts, where we decide to drop remaining ATMs outreach, we have a process we call white glove treatment that's been well-defined over the years and developed. Combination of those activities, the uniqueness of the product set, all day deposit, 24-hour grace, safety zone now, things like that also give us a distinct retention advantage. So we expect to have very high retention on the TCF side of the consumer, and on the business side, again, better product, more capabilities as we go forward. But it starts with winning minds and arts of our soon to be new colleagues, and we're actively working that. We would expect that would be successful as it was with Firstmerit. That will set up then this retention of customers through the conversion and beyond. And the product menu has just being substantially different, much bigger and better in many respects, will be to the benefit of the customer base, both consumers, small and medium-sized businesses. So we're very, very optimistic. On the specialty finance side, their equipment finance in ours is almost hand in glove. The combination will be extraordinarily effective. And they have a great team, we think we do as well, and this hand in glove will give us opportunities to further grow that business. We're excited about their inventory finance business. Got some great people in these business lines as well as the company generally, and we're going to be a stronger company as a consequence of the combination. So very bullish about the expectations, both on retention and revenue synergies as we go forward. And we'll get the expense synergies largely complete this year.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, thats very helpful. Zach, can you touch on mortgage expectations for the second quarter? I know it's kind of a mixed bag, but it looks like originations were pretty flat, what kind of thoughts do you have for the next quarter?
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I don't have the Q2 right in front of, but just broadly, still thinking more just continues to beat expectations, frankly, and be very robust. I think the  overall, for the full year, expecting the revenues to be down between 15% and 20% year-over-year basis just off of the torrent pace at the 2020 represented. But most of that grow over challenge really occurs in the second half of the year. Volumes continue to be very, very robust. And I think, if you just, at an industry level, you've probably seen even mortgage banker association or ratcheting higher volume expectations for the year. I think if there's something that we're watching carefully is the salable spread. And that continues to be elevated above historical levels, but it could move quickly. So we'll see. But so far, it seems to be holding up relatively well also. So that's the expectation that we've got.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, good. Thank you guys. Appreciate it.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Mr. Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: Thank you for your questions and interest in Huntington. I'm pleased with our strong start to what will be an important year for Huntington as we execute on our strategic initiatives as well as close and integrate the TCF acquisition. I'm increasingly optimistic about the opportunities we see in 2021 and beyond, and I'm confident of our ability to capitalize on the accelerating economic recovery. The disciplined execution of our strategies, coupled with the pending acquisition, set us up to grow revenue from a larger customer base for which we will deepen existing and acquired customer relationships, resulting in top quartile financial performance. We have a strong foundation of enterprise risk management and deeply embedded stock ownership mentality, which aligns our board management and colleagues. Again, thank you for your support and interest. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-22 08:30:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation.  As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. 
Mark Muth: Thank you, Melissa. Welcome, I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one-hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Pohle Chief Credit Officer. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. With that, let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Mark, and good morning everyone. Slide 3 provides an overview of Huntingtons strategy to build the leading People-First, Digitally-Powered bank in the nation. Our 2020 results demonstrate we are driving revenue growth despite headwinds. We are focused on acquiring new customers and deepening those relationships to gain both market share and share of wallet.  We are investing in customer-centric products, services and digital technologies that will drive sustainable growth and the outperformance both today and for years to come. Huntington operates in intentionally diversified business models, balanced between commercial and consumer, which provides the good mix of revenue and credit exposure. Weve built competitive advantage with our consistently superior customer service and our differentiated products and services. We are committed to developing best-in-class digital capabilities like our mobile banking App, which has been recognized as the highest in customer satisfaction by J.D. Power two years in a row.  In 2020, we introduced several new innovative products and features that will continue to serve our customers' needs and differentiating Huntington from our competition. We are not done. We have a pipeline of innovative products and features that we will release throughout the year. We have a proven track record of solid execution, adjusting our operating plans to the environment in order to drive shareholder returns. 
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve and good morning everyone. Slides 4 and 5 provides the financial highlights for the full year 2020 and the fourth quarter respectively. For the fourth quarter, we reported earnings per common share of $0.27. Return on average assets was 1.04% and return on average tangible common equity was 13.3%. Results continue to be impacted by the elevated level of credit provision expense, although it was down meaningfully from the third quarter.  Now let's turn to Slide 6 to review our results in a little more detail. Annual pre-tax pre-provision earnings growth was 4% for 2020. We believe this is a very solid performance in light of the low interest rate environment and the economic challenges inflicted by the pandemic illustrating the underlying earnings power of the bank and the strategies we are executing. 
Rich Pohle: Thanks Zach. Before we get into the credit results for the quarter and the entire year, I wanted to reinforce the disciplined credit approach we have followed over the years that has allowed our portfolio to come through this downturn with solid performance. This was due to the foundation weve been laying for a decade now beginning with instilling a cohesive culture that everyone in the company owns risk.  We reduced our commercial real estate portfolio from over 200% of capital to under 8% and curtailed pre-construction lending such that the fourth quarter represents the lowest level of construction in terms of both absolute dollars and as a percentage of capital that we had since the FirstMerit acquisition in 2016. This low leveraged lending originations in 2019 and ended 2020 with leveraged loans virtually flat from year end 2018.  We transitioned our healthcare portfolio to diversify away from long-term care into more publicly held products and services companies and investment-grade hospital systems, which together now make up 45% of the healthcare portfolio.  On the consumer side, we brought our expertise in indirect auto to our RV marine business and reduced our exposure to second-lien high LTV home equity. These steps and many others have fundamentally transformed the makeup of the Huntington loan portfolios since the last downturn. I am also extremely pleased with the impact of our 2020 portfolio management activities.  First, we reduced our oil and gas portfolio by $780 million or 59% since September 2019. The non-core portion of this portfolio has been reduced to just $243 million. We performed a thorough portfolio review in 2Q that resulted in a net $1.1 billion increase to our criticized loans and put heightened visibility on these and other high impact credits.  Since 2Q, weve been able to reduce our credit class by $771 million by working with our customers while at the same time effectively managing risk.  Finally, our total consumer and commercial delinquency numbers are better than a year ago. We manage nearly $6 billion of loans with payment deferrals ending the year with just $217 million of loans with the remaining deferral.  Turning now to the credit results and metrics. Slide 12 provides a walk of our allowance for credit losses from yearend 2019 to yearend 2020. You can see our ACL now represents 2.29% of loans. The fourth quarter allowance represents a modest $12 million reserve release from the third quarter. Like the previous quarters in 2020, there are multiple data points used to size the provision expense for the fourth quarter. The primary economic scenario within our loss estimation process was the November baseline forecast. This scenario was much improved from the August baseline forecast we used in 3Q and assumes unemployment in 2020 ending the year at 7.2% and increasing to 7.5% for the first three quarters of 2021 to average 7.4% for the entire year. 2020 GDP ends the full year down 3.6% and demonstrates 4.1% growth for all of 2021 with that growth peaking at 5.8% in the fourth quarter.  While a number of variables within the baseline economic scenario has improved, as that many of our credit metrics for the quarter, there were still many uncertainties to deal with at December 31. The impact of the COVID resurgence we face today, the smaller than expected economic stimulus package, and ongoing model challenges related to COVID economic forecasting. We believe maintaining coverage ratios consistent with the third quarter is prudent when considering these factors. Slide 13 shows our NPAs and TDRs and demonstrates the continued but more limited impacts that our oil and gas portfolio has on our overall level of NPAs. We expect modest gas credit impacts as we head into 2021. So this will be the last time we break out this portfolio within our overall credit results.  In Q4, we had four new NPAs over $5 million and just over $15 million, all COVID-related. Three of these customers are in Michigan with the COVID restrictions had impacted their ability to reopen. As we signaled, we also saw an increase in NPAs from our business banking portfolio. These credits were granular with only some exposures over $1 million.  Despite this, total NPAs were reduced from the third quarter by $39 million or 6% and down from the second quarter peak by $150 million or 21%.  Slide 14 provides additional details around the financial accommodations we provided to our commercial and consumer customers. As we forecasted on our third quarter call, the commercial deferrals have dropped significantly and now total just $151 million, down from $942 million at Q3, and 4% billion at Q2. We expect to have limited commercial deferral balances beyond SBA going forward.  Commercial delinquencies are very modest at just 15 basis points.  Our consumer deferrals have largely run their courses well, down to just $66 million as of December with post deferral performance in line with our expectations across all the portfolio segments. Our deferrals in auto, RV/Marine and home equity have nearly all lapsed and we are managing these portfolios consistent with our pre-pandemic strategies. We expect the remaining mortgage deferrals will continue to work their way down to a de minimis level over the next quarter. Slide 15 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter. Our credit performance overall was solid, net charge-offs represented an annualized 55 basis points of average loans and leases. I'm pleased to report our level of criticized loans was reduced by over $340 million or 11% in Q4, which is on top of the $425 million or 12% reduction we saw in the third quarter. Our active portfolio management process enabled us to identify potential problems early. Working with our customers, we continue to proactively remedy a number of these loans. I would also add, our nonperforming asset ratio decreased 5 basis points linked quarter to 69 basis points. Our second consecutive quarterly decline in NPAs. As always, we have provided additional granularity by portfolio in the analyst package and the slides. Let me turn it back over to Zach.
Zach Wasserman : Thanks, Rich. Before we get to expectations, I want to spend a minute on our ongoing technology investments and progress on digital engagement. Looking at slide 16 and 17, you can a few select illustrations of our continued progress on digital capabilities.  In 2020, for example, we significantly expanded our new product origination capabilities to mortgage, home equity, business checking and savings and small business lending. You can also see continued growth in digital engagement and usage levels in consumer and business banking. As we've noted, we're investing in clearly defined digital development roadmaps across all our major business lines that will help us drive momentum, delivering differentiated products and features that will drive new customer acquisition, relationship deepening with existing customers and servicing efficiencies, both internally and for our customers. Finally, before we get to your questions, let's discuss Huntingtons expectations for the full year 2021 on a stand-alone basis excluding TCF as shown on Slide 18.  Looking at the average balance sheet for the full-year 2021, we expect average loans to increase between 2% and 4% reflecting modestly higher commercial loans inclusive of PPP and mid single-digit growth in consumer loans.  Excluding PPP, we would expect to see mid-single-digit growth in both categories. As the economy -- economic recovery progresses we expect continued acceleration of loan growth over the course of the year. With respect to deposits, we expect average balance sheet growth of 5% to 7% due to the elevated levels of commercial and consumer core deposits, which we expect to persist for several more quarters. Compared to the fourth quarter average balances, we expect modest deposit growth, primarily among consumers during the first half of the year before stabilizing in the second half. We expect to post full-year total revenue growth of approximately 1% to 3% and full-year total expense growth of 3% to 5%. With respect to revenues, we expect net interest income to be flat to modestly higher, driven by average earning asset growth and a relatively stable NIM compared to the fourth quarter of 2020 level. This guidance assumes the positive impact from the acceleration of PPP fees in the first half of the year before settling back down in the second half.  However, non-interest income is expected to be flat to modestly lower due to the challenging mortgage banking comparisons, partially offset by continued growth in capital markets, cards and payments and our wealth and investment management business lines. The current economic outlook presents compelling opportunities to invest in our businesses to meaningfully gain share and accelerate growth over the moderate term and we intend to capitalize on that. Expense growth in 2021 is expected to be driven by our ongoing strategic investments in digital and technology development, marketing and select personnel adds directly related to our strategic initiatives. The remaining underlying run rate of non-investment expenses is essentially flat.  The investments we're making are heavily front-end loaded, resulting in notably higher year-over-year expense growth rates in the first half of the year. While expense growth is expected to outstrip revenue growth over the near term, our commitment around positive operating leverage remains over the long term. Our expectation is to bring the expense run rate to a level that is lower than the growth rate of revenue during the second half of 2021. Finally, our credit remains fundamentally sound. We expect full-year 2021 net charge-offs to be around the middle of our average through the cycle target range of 35 basis points to 55 basis points, with potential for some moderate quarterly volatility. Reserve releases remain dependent upon economic recovery and related credit performance. As a reminder, all expectations are stand-alone for Huntington and do not include consideration made for the recently announced acquisition of TCF. Now, let me turn it back over to Mark, so we can get to your questions.
Mark Muth : Thanks, Zach. Melissa, we will now take questions. We  each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator:  Our first question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question. 
Ken Zerbe : Hi. Great. Thanks. Good morning. 
Steve Steinour : Good morning, Ken. 
Ken Zerbe : I was hoping you could provide just a little more information around the inputs to, in terms of your allowance calculation. And the reason I ask that, I think, both banks this quarter have seen significant improvement in their ACL, call it, near zero or certainly negative provision expense. And then, from what they tell us, they are also been quite conservative in terms of some of their assumptions around economic improvement.  We just want to try to understand, I mean to the extent possible, like, how you are thinking about your allowance differently than what they are and kind of why your provision expense is certainly much higher than sort of the trend that weve been seeing across the banks base this quarter? Thank you. 
Steve Steinour : Yes. Sure. Ken, this is Steve. Ill update that. So, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we use the November base case as the kind of the driver. But we use multiple scenarios and I think if you look at these base case assumptions, the November base case assumptions, going back to 12/31 where we snapped the chalk here, a number of them were in doubt and some of them are still in doubt today as it relates to the  on the stimulus, the COVID assumptions that are built into that.  And so, as we look at not only with the economic forecast we are saying, but some of those more qualitative and subjective assessments that we make as part of our process most COVID-related. We didnt feel that there is enough certainty in those forecast to rely solely on those.  And so, there was a fair amount of qualitative judgment that weve put into the process like we do every quarter to land the 220. The stimulus is still up in the air. All those other types of things we just thought it was premature to have a significant release.  Keep in mind too that we also have loan growth in the fourth quarter. So, about $10 million of our provision expense was driven by loan growth. 
Ken Zerbe : All right. Thats helpful. So just a slightly related, unrelated question. So People's United yesterday announced that they are exiting their in-store branches as their relationship they have with Stop & Shop.  And on the call, they actually made kind of a compelling case for why its door branches kind of just dont make a lot of sense anymore. I know you guys have long-term contracts with Giant Eagle, et cetera. But what is  if you did have those contracts, would it still make sense to have the in-store branches? Does that value proposition still work? 
Steve Steinour : Ken, this is Steve. Weve been loved served by the in-store branches in the past and youll remember we went into those almost a decade. But last week, we announced  last week we filed our Federal Reserve and OCC applications, so its Monday, a week ago. And in those apps, we announced the consolidation of branches and we have a very large in-store partnership with Myer and Giant Eagle. But as a result of the consolidation  the combination with first  with TCF in Michigan, weve been in a position where we are going to be consolidating 198 branches. So very substantially in Michigan. And that will allow us to cycle out of the in-store which weve explained to the company. Just excess distribution in Michigan as a consequence of the combination. So, we are adjusting that partnership. There are other things we will look forward to doing with that and so, a few ideas on the drawing board as well.  With Giant Eagle, we have consolidated a number of branches over the last year. And there is the potential to further consolidate around in-store to traditional as we go forward. We do think that we could all served by the nation, the economics around the in-store branches.  But there is plenty enough distribution as we move forward. And as weve seen them last year with the pandemic, more and more home goods delivered including groceries. And so, store traffic, volumes were up and revenues were up. Traffic is down and preference for doing banking activities in the in-stores is changing a bit.  Now, having said that, we see very, very strong performance in the TCF in-stores, which are in even denser metropolitan areas than we have with our two partners. So we are  we like the  we are committed to going forward to Giant Eagle for the next several years. And then well assess the TCF partners as we go forward. But again, they are roughly 2.5, 3 times the average size of Huntington store branches. Theyve been having a very long time. They have  there further along with us. 
Ken Zerbe : All right. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. 
John Pancari : Morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, John.
Zach Wasserman: Good morning.
John Pancari : On your net interest margin outlook, I appreciate the color you gave for relative stability for the full year margin versus 2020. Could you help us little bit with how to think about the margin over the next couple quarters here, particularly in the next quarter, just in terms of the trajectory, given the liquidity levels? How should we think about that? Thanks. 
Zach Wasserman: Hi, this is Zach. Ill take that question. Look, I think that the margin outlook is to be relatively stable here over the next several quarters and through the course of 2021, I do expect some calenderization whereby the first half of the year will be moderately higher than the second half given PPP loan acceleration expected from the first round of PPP or second by the way about 85% of those PPP loans from round one to be forgiven approximately half and half between Q1 and Q2. And so, that will drive some incremental net interest margin in the first couple of quarters. But generally, relatively flat over the period. 
John Pancari : Okay. Thanks, Zach. That helps. And then, separately, also on the margin, I know you mentioned the efforts to support the stability of the margin. On the securities side and on the CET, can you give us a bit of color around what you are putting money into what types of securities and what types of yields you are seeing? And then, separately, you also mentioned that you are emphasizing growth in higher yielding asset classes. What loan areas would you flag from that perspective? Thanks. 
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Great question. Ill take that again. This is Zach. So, in Q4, Ive mentioned in my script, we brought the stressed portfolio back up to Q1 levels from endpoint-to-endpoint, Q3 to Q4 to give you a sense was about $2 billion of additional securities on a net basis. And the average yield we were getting on that was 125, to give you a sense.  Portfolio was running at 187. So, but still pretty solid yield. And the mix pretty similar to what we have invested in the past, mainly mortgage-backed. As we go into 2021, one important thing that I also said in my prepared remarks that I would highlight now is that we are intending to invest an additional $2 billion, mostly in the first quarter to bring the overall securities portfolio up to $24 billion as a result of discontinuing to monitor and wash the excess liquidity levels unlike the balance sheet.  Likewise, those purchases are expected to be in the mortgage-backed securities structures, most notably with a range of yields that we are forecasting sort of between 120, 130. So pretty similar. As we go forward, we are watching pretty closely a new round of stimulus and certainly the latest round of PPP, which could cause us to increase that goal. Over time, well have to see where those ends. But thats kind of where we are running with those.  Ill pause for a second and then move on to the other elements  other aspects of your question you asked in terms what assets we are looking at. Just think its back on our balance sheet optimization program. We are very positive in it. We are already starting to see the traction of an in-split.  About half and half from funding optimization and the asset growth mix optimization and when you think about the asset growth, mix optimization is really focused on higher yielding products like small business administration, production where whereas you know the nations leading producer. And also commercial categories like equipment finance, asset-based lending, those are really the biggest focus areas that I would call out for you as a headline. 
John Pancari : Great. Thanks, Zach. 
Zach Wasserman: You are welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question. 
Scott Siefers : Good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. 
Steve Steinour : Good morning, Scott. 
Scott Siefers : Hey. Well, some of you might walk through the  sort of the tweak through net charge-off guidance from last month. I mean, it certainly seems clear that credit concerns are kind of melting away for the industry. But, just sort of over the past six weeks, what in your mind has changed to take you from sort of the upper half of the  through the cycle range to sort of lowering that band as well? 
Rich Pohle: Yes. Its Rich. Ill be happy to take that. There is a few things. Why dont we just have more visibility on the post-deferral experience that weve seen on both our consumer and commercial customers and as those deferrals are winding down, there is really no lagging credit impact that we saw there. The other piece of it is just continued strength in weak oil and gas sector.  We had a lot of charge-off activity in 2020. We do not expect to see charge-offs of that magnitude  certainly of that magnitude and in 2021, so we brought that forecast down a little bit. But generally, we are seeing some decent traction with our commercial customers and the consumer continues to perform very well.  So those were the nature. We tweaked the guidance. I think its the right way to say and we didnt  it wasnt a wholesale change. But we do feel better about the portfolio heading into 2021. 
Steve Steinour : Rich, if you dont mind, Ill add to that Scott. Year end delinquency is better than a year ago, pre-COVID on the commercial side the multiple quarters now of lower NPAs, lower quit class, the economic outlook. There are combination of factors and I think the oil and gas component of our charge-offs last year were mid-teens, like 16, 17 BPS, basis points or BPS.  So, thats eliminated. We dont expect to have oil and gas charge-offs. And then the high risk industries continued to look good. We obviously spend a lot of time on those every quarter. So, at various times during the quarter, especially as we get to quarter end, there is a lot of deeper review thats triggered and it frankly looks good. 
Scott Siefers : Okay. Perfect. Thank you for that. And then, the final question was, Zach, you talked a couple of times about optimization of wholesale funding. Just to characterize as you look through the course of the year, maybe some color on the kind of opportunities or options you have there? 
Zach Wasserman: I think it will be kind of more of the same of what weve talked about before, which is leveraging the really strong liquidity and deposit gathering weve got to reduce over time the overall wholesale and corporate debt levels. And you saw us distinguish $500 million of debt in our tender that we did in Q4. I think just kind of the opportunity to continue to leverage more core deposits just to fund the company frankly over the course of this year.  This question of elevated liquidity, how long it will stay is, just sort of $64,000 question. But we are fairly convinced its going to stay for a while and it will likely go up frankly in the near term given some of the new things that are coming through. So there is a real opportunity there.  And behind the scenes, our accounts acquisitions are deepening and deposit gathering on the core basis is accelerating as well. So, I think as we get it through this year, that would just continue to be an opportunity well out into 2022 and beyond. 
Scott Siefers : Okay. Perfect. Thank you guys very much. 
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question. 
Steven Alexopoulos : Hey. Good morning everybody. 
Steve Steinour : Good morning, Steve. 
Zach Wasserman: Morning.
Steven Alexopoulos : I want to start on the expense side, looking at the 3% to 5% guidance for 2021, its a bit above 2020. Steve, you said you plan to lean in and position the company better for an economic recovery. Can you give more color, just on invest in more people, systems, customer-friendly products. Can you give us some sense of what you are investing in here?
Zach Wasserman: Absolutely. I mentioned in my prepared remarks - this is Zach, as I mentioned in my remarks and I want to stretch again essentially the entirety of that growth is driven by our investments and our strategic plan and if you think about this three broad categories, its approximately 60% technology developments, around 20% marketing, and around 20% select personnel that are tied to our strategic growth initiatives.  So it really is all about investment. In the tech side, we are just continuing to lean in on digital and as I mentioned in my remarks, digital development roadmaps cross every one of our business  major business lines to drive product origination, account deepening and sort of ease of use and sort of I think efficiencies and personalization and optimization across each product lines.  So were incredibly bullish about that. The investments themselves, the expenses are front-end loaded during the year. So well see substantially higher levels of growth in the first half of the year and then ramping down pretty significantly in the back half of the year such that by the kind of runrate expense growth will be lower than the growth rate of revenue in the second half.  But Id just summarize, what we feel it now is exactly the right time to make these investments and we are already starting to see some of the returns from them. So, we feel good about it and the trajectory and composition of it. 
Steven Alexopoulos : Okay. Thats helpful. For my follow-up question, so your commentary on loan pipelines and customer sentiment is favorable, but my question is, given this enormous build up of deposits, right, the whole industry is seeing, when you look at your middle market customers, are they sitting on a ton of cash, which might delay their appetite to actually draw on lines? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Its almost a tale of two worlds, lets see. In that regard, we have many customers that are very liquid. You see it in the commercial line utilizations with us and the industry as a whole. There are some  however there are significantly investing to rebuild the inventory were frankly has not had the fundamental performance.  For whatever reasons it could be COVID-related. They just didnt have a good year. I do think the stimulus will  that has been provided, plus the proposal on it is enacted will further delay sort of the rebound to the norm in terms of line utilizations. But that will be a big tailwind for us and others eventually.  We do see supply chain disruption also impacting utilization. Its very clear happening in the dealer who will transact. For example, notwithstanding it, it improved a bit in the fourth quarter. Its not where its not normalized and it will probably be several quarters from where it becomes normalized.  So all of that is to say that, if there is a tailwind building for the industry and we may see it in the second half of this year which is I think consistent with how many banks are stressing both GDP growth and optimism, as well as the potential for utilization. There is a lot of investment activity thats going on. They are using their cash, but at some point that will revert to a more traditional level of external financing, debt financing, as well. So, we are moving market share a bit with the growth that we are achieving through the fourth quarter and projecting and we are optimistic given the pipelines will continue to do that. But at some point, well have substantial tailwinds as well. 
Steven Alexopoulos : Okay. And your plans to lean in on the investments pretty heavy early in the year and capture more of that in the back half. 
Zach Wasserman: It is and its excess, particularly on the digital side, and if you think about how consumers and businesses are being trained via Apple or Amazon in terms of digital usage availability, ease capacity to accelerate transactional activity, all of that is going to impact our industry. And therefore, weve accelerated our existing digital plans substantially to try and continue to get, stay in front, get in front and maintain that J.D. Power leading position that weve had for a couple of years. 
Steven Alexopoulos : Okay. Terrific. I appreciate all the color. 
Zach Wasserman: Absolutely. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question. 
Erika Najarian : Yes. Hi. Good morning. 
Steve Steinour : Good morning, Erika. 
Erika Najarian : Morning. A follow-up question on the net interest income guide. Appreciate the color on reallocating $2 billion of cash in the first quarter. As we think about average deposits up 5% to 7% against loans up 2% to 4%, Zach, I am wondering what you are assuming for liquidity build in your outlook for net interest income flat for the rest of the year? And are you contemplating any growth from PPP 2.0, as well as forgiveness incomes from PPP 2.0 in your guide? 
Zach Wasserman: Yes. Thanks, Erika. Good question. I mentioned in my previous comments that its the new sort of the $64,000 question frankly in terms of how long elevated deposits will allow. But generally what we are expecting is a relatively flat trend in our deposits at the Fed for the first half of the year, to give you a sense in Q4, it was around $5 billion and we expect to sort of retain that rough level through the first half of the year.  And then, kind of absent the new stimulus, and absent the new PPP, our operating outlook have been sort of a gradual reduction in that towards the back half of the year. But not that substantial, maybe down to $3 billion by the end of the year in terms of billion. I think, with that being said, well see a new stimulus of coming through on the fiscal side and likely if that does happen, well see thatd be elevated even more and it could  as I mentioned, give an opportunity to invest more in securities.  And likewise, PPP, the next round of PPP is just now kicking off. We are not sure exactly where its going to land. Well see. For my guidance, Ive assumed around $1 billion. But I am hopeful and its quite likely that we are potentially up to double that, well see.  In terms of the PPP forgiveness of the first round, I think I mentioned, and pretty hard that well just restated for clarity, we are assuming 85% of the $6 billion that we have on sheet in Q4 to be forgiven in the first half of the year. 
Erika Najarian : Got it. Ill follow-up on the modeling call on the forgiveness or PPP 2.0. The  my second question is more for Steve, the 35 to 55 basis points is quite an accomplishment for the kind of economic downturn we have experienced.  And I am wondering, do you think that the government has been successful at redefining what the cycle peak is for this downturn and that the 35 to 55 basis points represent the peak and losses that well see during the cycle or do you think just delayed it to 2022? 
Steve Steinour : Erika, I dont believe the losses are materially delayed in our case. I cant answer for other institutions. But it seems to me that the proactive efforts by the Federal Reserve and be it fiscal - multiple rounds of fiscal stimulus, then substantial losses have been likely avoided as support has been delivered to consumers and small business and the interest rate levels at historic lows have helped businesses generally.  So, I think, yes, we will show very strong actions mitigated what otherwise could have been a ugly period in our economic history. If we think back to the second quarter and the free fall in GDP to be able to have substantially reverse that in just a couple of quarters thats remarkable unlike anything weve seen in our history.  And I think that flows then through the system with lower losses over time. I think weve been conservative, maybe very conservative in our loss recognition thus far. But weve tried to maintain that to the posture as you saw with how we approach provision in the fourth quarter just to let this season and get to a high level of confidence before we do things with the lowering reserves and some of our things like that. But I am very optimistic and confident that we have our losses peaked in 2020. 
Erika Najarian : Thank you. And Mark is going to kill me, but I have to squeeze in this third question and Steve this is for you. If you like the  this is more a testing of a thesis, but expense is up 3% to 5%. It seems like you are very much looking forward and saying, look, this is a year where we may likely have significant reserve release if the economic outlook pans out.  And the street is not going to give us much credit for that earnings anyway, why not pull forward the expenses and have a great first full year in 2022 for both as a standalone company and as a combined company? Any thoughts there?
Steve Steinour : Well, that is not the intended approach. We have to call the reserves as weve seen. We have multiple economic scenarios in a peak second round  I hope a peak second round of virus as of yearend. That is a possible scenario, but thats not a planned scenario. Revert to what Zach said a minute ago, the court census are virtually flat in 2021 versus 2020, the increases are discretionary investment decisions made as a consequence of the strategic planning of the posture we want to take principally around our digital technology. So, we believe we have a momentum in the business.  We were one of the few banks that talked about commercial loan growth and our pipeline year-over-year is better in a COVID environment  that was in a pre-COVID environment. So, like what weve been able to build operating the company through this very challenging period of time in terms of momentum and focus and execution and we are going to continue to play that against the backdrop of consumer and business demands changing radically as a consequence of digital and the need for digital throughout the pandemic.  And again, I think usage is being defined by others by Amazon and Apple and others. And so, those expectations are, I believe that the reality for our industry and certainly our company and we are going to invest to meet those, in fact get ahead of them. 
Erika Najarian : Got it. It makes sense to me. Thank you. 
Steve Steinour : Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question. 
Ken Usdin : Well, thanks. Hey, good morning, everyone. One follow-up on the NIII side, Zach. Just wondering if you can parse it. Just  if you just think about the all-in PPP 2020 that was in the NII versus 2021, vis--vis, how you are talking about overall NII for the year, is there a way you could help us understand that? Thanks. 
Zach Wasserman : Yes. I think, looking by notes here, maybe we can follow more on the online call too. Look, think about four basis points of benefit on a full year basis in the NIM from the PPP program in 2021, to give you a sense. 
Ken Usdin : And what was that in 2020? 
Zach Wasserman : One basis point. 
Ken Usdin : Okay. Got it. So, a little bit higher, it makes sense. Okay. And then the second question is on the consumer loan side, you are talking about - really good growth there again, mid-single-digit growth. But auto has been flat for several quarters now. Youve grown some of the other categories. Just wondering specifically the auto, just how you are feeling about growing that book going ahead and then, if thats expected to stay flat, where would you expect to see the rest of the growth coming from on the consumer side? Thanks. 
Zach Wasserman : The auto industry was  like a $16 million, $16.2 million production in 2020 and the outlook is close to the $17 million going forward for 2021. So that would be part of it. There is also a market share component that will be  I think, just because of our consistency and track record, it will continue to move and you have to maintain the spreads that we are looking for as well as credit quality.  We are also opening up or planning to open up in a few additional states in 2021 that will also supplement our production. So, we are confident and our team has been outstanding in this area for many, many years. We are confident in our ability to execute that. But we also  I think we are number five or six nationally in terms of home equity originations.  So thats just mortgage. So, we are not dependent wholly on mortgage refis. We have a lot of broad based home lending capabilities and investments in technology is a area as well which will continue to drive more volume. We have a substantial application of blend for example, well that has been ramped up very quickly and will be an important  a very important add for us as we go forward. I think weve taken about ten days off at the close as a result of using that as an example. 
Ken Usdin : Okay. Got it. Thank you, Steve. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question. 
Peter Winter : Good morning. I was wondering, you gave  morning. You gave some guidance that mortgage banking is going to be challenging, which is good for all banks. I was just wondering if you could give a little bit more color how you are thinking about mortgage banking off the fourth quarter level. You can give a little bit of guidance. 
Zach Wasserman : Absolutely. This is Zach. Ill take that one. So, mortgage banking, we said coming off and its just an incredible year in 2020. To give you a sense, the industry, mortgage banking association is forecasting volumes in 2020 down about 23% with the shift toward purchase not surprisingly with refis being very substantially lower.  We are not giving gaining share on add volumes over the last couple of years and we expect to continue to do so. So its our general expectation for at volume is sort of down in the 10% to 15% range relative to that 20% or more down as an industry level. I think one of the things we are watching pretty closely is also the saleable trend and where that trend is.  We frankly budgeted pretty conservatively on that assuming a relatively continual trend back to more historical levels by the end of the year. We will see, so far they are actually holding up some fairly solid in the first days of Q1 and well see that those are  as you know. But generally, weve budgeted fairly conservatively. So, like mortgage banking income is going to be down year-on-year and so, as I mentioned, really bringing into the other fee income lines that are very smartly to this after. 
Peter Winter : Okay. Thanks. And if could ask about the TCF acquisition, I am just wondering, obviously, you havent closed the deal. But any way you can quantify maybe a range of potential revenue synergies? I know its not part of your guidance and then, secondly, what would say at the top three revenue opportunities with this deal? 
Steve Steinour : Peter, Ill take that and let me start. I think that is a fit for us with an answer to the question I had last time. So, with apologies for that. But picking up on TCF, we havent talked a lot about revenue synergies. But they are clearly there. We have a much broader product menu on both the consumer and business side.  So the capacity of the cross-sell and people, much like we saw with FirstMerit is very substantial. And its hard to take that and its certainly not something you guys want to hear. So we havent front run that with you. But that weve been definitely. Weve been very impressed with the quality of the teams that weve seen in a variety of the areas in TCF, both business line and technologies on the supporting in this for example.  And so, I think we will be a stronger company by the blend, as well and that will have upside. Then finally, they do some things extraordinarily well. Their equipment finance business. Their inventory finance business, these are little gems and they are not widely known or appreciated but we really like what we saw in the diligence and have learned subsequently. And those are just a few of the businesses and opportunities.  There is a substantial outsourcing as well both on the capital market side for most products and again, its a much more limited menu that we offer as well as their broker/dealer, their credit card and some variety of businesses that we will bring back in fairly quickly as we move forward. So, there is the 40% excess and we just articulated a 43% branch consolidation.  So you can see where thats coming from. It will be their systems on ours a 100%. So, weve got a lot of early on very, very good work thats getting bullish on the expense side, but the play here is a revenue play. Yet new markets  exciting new markets, Minneapolis, St. Paul, Denver, Colorado Springs, more than tripling us in Chicago, opening in Milwaukee and in Soltan Valley.  I mean, there is a lot to go for plus the scale change in Michigan will be awarded to and virtually everything in Michigan. So, we really like the resident side of this and youll see that reflected in 2022 and beyond as we get set. 
Peter Winter : Okay. Thanks, Steve. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question. 
Bill Carcache : Thank you. Good morning. Hey guys. I have a follow-up question on auto, specifically, Slide 44, your mix of new originations increased to 54% this quarter. Can you speak to the notion that new vehicle financing is an area where the captives have a greater edge over indirect lenders, because their primary goal is helping their OEMs move steel? So, they are willing to compromise a bit more on pricing.  Does that have a  I guess, does that have your greater share of new vehicle originations. So just that you guys are getting lower margins than you would have had a larger mix of used. If you could just kind of comment on the profitability of used versus new vehicle financing that would be helpful? 
Steve Steinour : This is typical seasonality of new modeling adoption and so, as we look back we see essentially the same ratios year-over-year. Albeit this year, a bit constrained by just inventory. So, that, you are right. The OEMs will subvent and thats why we tend to have slightly more used than new as thats sort of a normalized runrate.  As you know, weve been very, very disciplined for many, many years in this area. And so the performance of the book has been very consistent and would expect that to continue to be so. It's our best performing asset class year in, year out on DFAST as an example.  So we really like our positioning with the product, with the dealers. The consistency and speed at which we offer, we think we've got a best-in-class capability. It was clearly one of our most seasoned teams in the bay managing this area. And so I don't see a big change going on. There are times when the OEMs will subvent more to try and drive more volume. And history would tell us these things come in waves.
Bill Carcache : Thats very helpful, Steve. And I am sorry if I missed this, but wanted to follow-up on. You made a comment in your prepared remarks around dealer floor plan levels and how it will take longer for balances to return to back to historical levels. Does that presume that dealers will be running with less inventory than they have historically in sort of kind of a new normal post-COVID environment or do you think that that will see a reversion to historical inventory levels? 
Steve Steinour : We sent the reversion to the norm if the supply chain issue at this point. For example, you would have seen Audis manufacturing interrupted by just a chip last week in terms of production. So this will come back, we believe probably at this point by the  in the second half, as opposed to earlier and some of the imports, and particular your feeling constrained on the supply side.  You got to see more and more manufacturing come back into the U.S. or a pick up on Mexico, Canada, as a result of wanting to narrow the supply chain lines as a consequence of whats happened over the last year. And thats a benefit to us. 
Bill Carcache : Got it. Thats very helpful. Thank you. Thank you for taking my questions. 
Steve Steinour : Thanks, Bill. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. 
Jon Arfstrom : Thanks. Good morning guys. 
Steve Steinour : Good morning, Jon. 
Jon Arfstrom : Thanks for let me come in here at the end of the queue. But couple of clean ups. RV Marine, you had some pretty strong growth and maybe some of that is COVID-related last year. Do you expect a mean reversion there? What are you thinking about in terms of growth potential there and just longer term thinking about asset values there? 
Steve Steinour : The industry outlook on that, Jon, is for continued high purchase levels for the next couple of years. And we are positioned for that very, very well. As you know, thats an 800 FICO for us. So, we worried a bit about oversupply in the intermediate term, but the positioning of our book, I think will very, very substantially mitigate what could be in three to five years of the next asset.  So I think we are playing it very, very well and well have consistency of performance with 800 plus average FICOs for the foreseeable future and I think thats what you are getting to this supply/demand potential imbalances. We come back out of COVID, but that could exist right now there is virtually a very little on marine lots as of the end of the third quarter building again.  But demand could outstrip supply as it did in 2020. And to a certain extent they have it with RV as well. So, I think there is a very good couple of years and where we are playing, I believe is very safe for the long-term and possible. 
Jon Arfstrom : And Rich, a question for you. Your guidance is great, but the one thing we are all trying to plug in is the provision and reserve levels. And so, I wanted to go back one more time to this. You use the term snap a chalk line in December which I think I never heard on a call before. But its excellent. You talked about using the November base case. You look at December and January, at least if you use Moodys its clearly better.  You talked about you are qualitative, you are waiting for stimulus, thats a little bit uncertain. Is it as simple as if we get the stimulus and this January Moodys holds, we get some improvement in February. The reserves just have to come down. Dont think is thats the right way to look at it. 
Rich Pohle: Yes. I would say, absolutely the reserves have to come down. Its just a question of the timing and where they come down to. We started, the seasonal day one was a 170 and we are up to 229. That I would imagine at some point, we are going to get back to the neighborhood of the 170 where we started. But I would say that we are also not targeting a specific time to get there.  I think as I pointed out, we are going to be prudent on  we were conservative on the way up and we will be prudent on the way down to make sure that we are not kind of whipsawing the provision on a quarter-by-quarter basis overreacting to one data point.  Along the way, I think its we sit here and run a very disciplined process every quarter looking at another wind of quantitative pieces of it. But the more qualitative pieces and when we feel that those are aligning and our credit quality continues to hold, which we expect that that will, well bring the reserve down. And I would say that that is more likely to happen in the back half of the year and first quarter certainly. 
Jon Arfstrom : Okay. Good. Thanks a lot. Okay. Good. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question and answer session. Ill turn the floor back to Mr. Steinour for any final comments. 
Steve Steinour: Thank you for the questions and your interest in Huntington. Certainly proud of our colleagues and the 2020 performance in light of the most challenging operating environment I faced in my career. But I hope weve conveyed to you how excited we are about the opportunities we see ahead in 2021 and beyond. So we are entering 2021 from a position of strength.  We had momentum. The disciplined execution of our strategies, coupled with the pending acquisition sets us to capitalize on emerging opportunities to innovate, to gain share, to reposition the company for growth for years to come, all while continuing to deliver top quartile financial performance. We approach this with a strong foundation of enterprise risk management as you know including the deeply embedded stock ownership mentality, which aligns our Board, management and colleagues. So, again, thank you for your support and interest. Have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Melissa. Welcome, I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website at www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one-hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, our Chairman, President and CEO; Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Pohle Chief Credit Officer. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. Let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Mark, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. Slide 3 provides an overview of Huntington strategy to build the leading People-First, Digitally-Powered bank in the nation, which the Board affirmed this year and our multi-year strategic planning process. Huntington's strategies are delivering long-term revenue growth. As our third quarter results demonstrate, we are driving revenue growth despite headwinds of the current environment. We're focused on acquiring new customers and deepening those relationships to gain both market share and share of wallet. We are investing in customer-centric products, services and infrastructure that will drive sustainable growth and our performance both today and for the years to come. Huntington has built a competitive advantage with our consistently superior customer service and our differentiated products and services. We are committed to developing best-in-class digital capabilities like our mobile banking app, which has been audited by J.D. Power, two years in a row, and our online banking, which was number two in this year's J.D. Power study. In the past few weeks, we introduced several new innovative products and features that will continue to serve our customers' needs and differentiating Huntington from our competition. First, we extended 24 Hour-Grace to businesses, we then introduced our no-fee overdraft $50 Safety Zone for both consumers and businesses, and finally, earlier this week, we announced our latest innovation Huntington Lift Local Business, the $25 million micro lending program that capitalizes on our best-in-the-nation SBA lending expertise to better serve minority women and better-known businesses. We've intentionally diversified business models, balanced between commercial and consumer, which provides diversification of revenue and credit risk. We have a proven track record of solid execution adjusting our operating plans to the environment in order to drive shareholder returns. This has allowed us to deliver seven consecutive years of positive operating leverage and I expect 2020 will be our eighth. This focused execution has and will was to ensure investment in the products, people, and digital capabilities that will drive sustainable long-term growth and our performance. Turning to Slide 4 for an update on our digital and branch strategies, following the completion of the FirstMerit acquisition in 2016, we began the evolution of our consumer go-to-market strategy from being branch centric to a powerful multi-channel model that includes leading digital channels. We introduced the Hub, which forms the backbone of our award-winning mobile app and our online banking platform. That evolution has accelerated this year with increased customer adoption of mobile and digital products and services, and we are successfully driving digital sales and originations, as well as changing and expanding the branch experience to include virtual and digitally assisted delivery. Our branch sales activity is almost back to pre-COVID levels, it is about 95% today, but we're seeing an accelerating evolution of the way our customers use branches. Simpler transactions are rapidly moving into faster and easier mobile and digital venues. This transition is allowing our branch bankers to focus on providing more valuable advice and focusing on deepening our customer relationships, all ways of looking out for our customers. As we've discussed previously and as shown on the bottom of the slide, Huntington regularly evaluates and optimizes our branch distribution, since the completion of the FirstMerit acquisition in 2016, we have reduced our branch count by 263 branches or 24%. This includes the consolidation of 99 branches or 9% as part of the integration, the sale of 32 branches in Wisconsin and the consolidation of an additional 132 branches or 4% annually on average since 2016. Last month, we announced the planned consolidation of 27 additional branches or 3% in the 2021 first quarter. We're pleased with the high retention levels post consolidation of deposits due to the strong foundational relationships with our customers and the close proximity to other Huntington branches as we have maintained our branch share position in almost all markets. This thoughtful branch network optimization strategy allows us to continue to capitalize on our competitive advantages around convenience, our brand promise and customer service. If you did not listen to Andy Harmening's presentation on our digital transformation at an Investor Conference in early September, I encourage you to visit our Investor Relations website and listen to the replay and see the presentation materials. I believe our digital strategy and our execution of that strategy is generating industry-leading results. We delivered very strong third quarter results including a record level of pre-tax pre-provision earnings, thanks to continued solid execution across the bank in the face of a continued challenging operating environment. I am particularly pleased with our year-over-year revenue growth as earning asset growth more than offset NIM compression to drive spread revenue modestly higher, while fee income growth was bolstered by the second consecutive quarter of record mortgage banking income. The performance of our home lending team was outstanding. They originated more than $3.8 billion in mortgages for the second consecutive quarter. To frame that for you, our previous high watermark for any quarter was $2.5 billion of mortgage originations in the fourth quarter of last year. Our combined mortgage production over the past two quarters was greater than we did in all of 2018 and roughly the same as in all of 2019. So these accomplishments were the direct result of the successful build-out of this team and our investments in our digital mortgage lending platform over the past several years. We're well positioned to capitalize on the current mortgage environment and the near-term outlook remains strong. Given the prolonged low interest rate outlook, we have implemented a comprehensive action plan to stabilize NIM near current levels over the long term. Zach will cover this and more in his remarks. We continue to closely manage our expenses. A significant portion of the year-over-year increase in expenses resulted from restructuring costs related to implementation of expense management program we announced last quarter and elevated variable costs to support our record home lending business volumes. As we previously discussed, our efforts have been to manage expenses so that we can allocate investments to our strategic growth initiatives. Looking forward, we remain optimistic of the continuing economic recovery, the unprecedented level of government stimulus has supported both individuals and many companies, we're very pleased with the number of customers exiting forbearance arrangements. Our consumer lending businesses, which as you've seen in our quarterly originations dated provided for a decade are focused on super-prime customers and they're performing very well. Mortgage, auto, and RV marine are all continuing to post strong originations. Commercial lending has been restrained by the economic uncertainty, many customer shepherding elevated levels of liquidity, paying down revolvers and putting off new investment spending. We have continued to see improvements in commercial pipelines that we mentioned last quarter and based on the conversations we've had with our customers; we expect these levels of elevated liquidity to persist for some time. We're cautiously optimistic that C&I loan growth will improve later this year and early next year. The timing of forgiveness around the PPP loans remains uncertain. But I would like to take a moment to share that Huntington was the nation's largest SBA 7(a) lender for the third consecutive year in the SBA's fiscal year ended September 30. We are the largest 7(a) lender in our footprint with a 12 year in a row. Small businesses are such a vital component of our economy in the nascent economic recovery as they consistently account for the lion's share of jobs created in our country, particularly this pandemic these businesses deserve and need our support and I hope these businesses are the focus of any future government stimulus package. Our third quarter credit metrics reflect stable to improving trends across most portfolios and include elevated charge loss from the sale of more oil and gas loans. During the quarter, many customers successfully exited prior pandemic related deferral programs. The underlying portfolio metrics reflect our continued expectation for outperformance through the cycle. Our credit loss reserves take into consideration the economic uncertainty that we continue to have the virus both in duration and severity. We believe we're adequately covered should the pandemic continue to prolong the economic recovery. Our capital ratios remain within our targeted ranges. This morning we announced that the Board declared the fourth quarter cash dividend of $0.15 per common share unchanged from the prior quarter. We are currently finalizing our submission for the off-cycle CCAR. We are seeking approval and expect to increase our capital return to shareholders in 2021. In closing, I am encouraged by the momentum I can see building across our businesses. Our colleagues are actively engaging with our customers and prospects, customer activity is improving month-by-month, we see improved debit card activity, sales activity in the branches is almost back to pre-COVID levels and our pipelines have been replenished in many of our businesses over the past several months. We recently made some key additions to our commercial team notably within our Asset Finance Capital Markets and Corporate Banking teams and have conversations ongoing with additional revenue producers. We're seeing very, very positive feedback and early results from the new 24-hour Grace for business and the $50 Safety Zone product features for consumers and businesses that we rolled out in September. Our credit quality through the early months of this pandemic has held up well and we're confident in the quality of our loan portfolios. I am conscious that the economic outlook remains somewhat uncertain in the near-term but overall and likewise and optimistic about our outlook over time. Now let me turn it over to Zach for an overview of financial performance. Zach?
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve and good morning everyone. Slide 5 provides the financial highlights for the 2020 third quarter. We reported earnings per common share of $0.27. Return on average assets was 1.01% and return on average tangible common equity was 13.2%. Results continue to be impacted by the elevated level of credit provision expense as we added $57 million to the reserve during the quarter. Now let's turn to Slide 6 to review our results in more detail. Year-over-year pre-tax pre-provision earnings growth was 2%. We believe this is a solid performance in light of the current interest rate environment and uncertain economic outlook. Total revenue increased 5% versus the year ago quarter, due to the strong fee income growth paired with modest spread revenue growth. As Steve mentioned earlier, home lending was a particular bright spot this quarter, driving a record $122 million of mortgage banking income. We also saw deposit service charges, and card and payment processing revenues rebound off the 2Q lows as customer activity continued to rebound and pandemic related fee waiver programs expired. I should also note that deposit service charges remain below the year-ago level as elevated consumer deposit account balances continue to moderate the recovery of this line. Total expenses were higher by $45 million or 7% from the year ago quarter. As Steve mentioned, approximately 2 percentage points of this growth or $15 million was driven by restructuring costs from our 2020 expense management program, another 3 percentage points, or $18 million was related to year-over-year increases in commissions over time, contract help and other variable costs in our home lending business driven by the record level of mortgage originations. The balance of the expense growth, approximately 2% reflected a sustained level of investment in our strategic priorities including digital and mobile technology. Turning now to Slide 7, FTE net interest income increased 2% as earning asset growth more than offset year-over-year NIM compression. On a linked quarter basis, the net interest margin increased 2 basis points to 2.96% as shown in the block on the right side of the slide, the linked quarter increase included a 7-basis point benefit from our hedging program, including the fourth quarter impact of the $1.6 billion of forward starting asset hedges that became active in the second quarter. There was also a 2-basis point benefit during the third quarter related to changes in balance sheet mix and other items. These two positive impacts were partially offset by the elevated balance sheet liquidity that contributed a 7-basis point incremental headwind in the third quarter. As Steve mentioned, we're taking decisive actions to maintain the net interest margin near current levels while we are diligently working across the organization to identify and pull levers to manage the margin. It's important to note that our core optimization objective is revenue growth with the highest possible return on capital within our risk appetite. That said, NIM is one of the key drivers of that return and revenue growth, so we're actively managing various levers to stabilize the NIM as a key component in that calculus. We expect to continue to optimize our funding costs including further reductions to deposit costs and optimizing our wholesale funding. On the earning asset side, we're currently in the midst of a broad re-examination of all business and lending commercial relationships for repricing opportunities that I believe will yield several basis points of incremental NIM over time as well as associated deepening of non-interest income fee opportunities. Similarly, we are optimizing our earning asset mix by emphasizing loan production in certain higher yielding asset classes such as small business, residential mortgage, asset-backed lending, equipment leasing while de-emphasizing growth in some of our thinner priced lending products. Finally, our comprehensive hedging strategies continue to provide some relief from the yield curve as we expect they will continue to do for the next several years. While this hedging benefit will begin to gradually wane over the next several years, there are no looming cliffs as we have strategically built a well-laddered hedging portfolio. Moving to Slide 8, average earning assets increased to $11 billion or 11% compared to the year ago quarter, driven by the $6 billion of PPP loans and a $5 billion increase in deposits of the Fed. Average commercial and industrial loans increased 13% from the year ago quarter, primarily reflecting the PPP loans. During the quarter, C&I benefited from a full quarter's impact of the PPP loans; however, downward pressure on the business and commercial utilization rates, especially within dealer floor plan more than offset this resulting in a modest linked quarter decline. Consumer lending has also been a bright spot this year as indirect auto, residential mortgage and our RV marine portfolios have posted steady growth, a trend we expect to persist in coming quarters. Turning to Slide 9, we will review the deposit growth. Average core deposits increased 14% year-on-year and 2% sequentially. These increases were driven by business and commercial growth related to the PPP loans and increased liquidity levels in reaction to the economic downturn, consumer growth largely related to the government stimulus and increased consumer and business banking account production and reduced account attrition. Like the industry as a whole, this is very strong core deposit growth in the past several quarters has resulted in significantly elevated levels of deposits at the Federal Reserve Bank. These elevated levels of liquidity have proven to be much stickier than we anticipated and our revised outlook is that they are likely to persist for several quarters before these customers deploy the funds. While this did pressure in the Q3 NIM more than originally expected, it is also providing us the opportunity to more aggressively manage down our deposit costs going forward. Slide 10 highlights the more granular trends in commercial loans, total deposits, salable mortgage originations and debit card spend as these are key indicators of behavior and economic activity amongst our customers. As you can see on the top left chart, the decline in commercial loan balances excluding PPP loans leveled off in July and remained relatively flat during the third quarter. Early stage pipelines are refilling providing room for optimism of a return to new commercial loan growth later this year and into next year. We expect this coupled with the expected gradual normalization of commercial utilization rates and the typical seasonal build in dealer floor plan will provide some offset from the headwinds from PPP loans as they are forgiven and repaid over the next several quarters. The top right chart reflects the continued elevated deposit balances resulting from the factors I've mentioned previously, providing attractive source of liquidity during these uncertain times. The bottom two charts relate to customer activity driving two of the four key fee income lines for us. Mortgage banking salable originations remain robust, although there has been a very slow decline since the peak in June. As we mentioned on the second quarter call, debit card usage quickly rebounded once the economy began to be re-open and we continue to see healthy year-over-year increases in both transactions and dollar spend. Slide 11 illustrates the continued strength of our capital and liquidity ratios. The common equity Tier 1 ratio or CET1 ended the quarter at 9.89%, relatively stable with last quarter. The tangible common equity ratio or TCE ended the quarter at 7.27% again in line with last quarter. Both ratios remain within our operating guidelines and our strong capital levels position us well to execute on growth initiatives and investment opportunities. Let me now turn it over to Rich Pohle to cover credit. Rich?
Rich Pohle: Thanks Zach. I first like to reinforce the steps we've taken over the last several years to position us for this downturn. In commercial, we scaled back leverage lending, health care, construction and commercial real estate. We stopped originating oil and gas loans about 18 months ago and reduced debt portfolio to well under 1% of total loans. We have also repositioned our business banking portfolio with a significant reduction in commercial real estate exposure and a shift toward SBA as about 20% of our loans are now SBA as opposed to only about 5% heading into the last downturn. We were the number one bank in the entire country last year for SBA 7(a) originations for the third consecutive year. On the consumer side, we had continued our focus on prime and super-prime profile customers and leveraged our expertise in auto into our RV marine business. Turning now to the credit results and metrics. Slide 12 provides a walk of our allowance for credit losses or ACL from year-end 2019 to the third quarter. You can see our ACL now represents 2.31% of loans and excluding the PPP loan balances, our ACL would be 2.5% as of September 30. The third quarter allowance represents a modest $57 million reserve build in the second quarter. Like the previous quarters in 2020, there are multiple data points used to size the provision expense for Q3. The primary economic scenario within our loss estimation process was the August baseline forecast. This scenario was somewhat improved from the May baseline forecast we used in Q2 and assumes elevated unemployment through 2020 ending the year at 9.5% followed by a slower paced economic recovery through the first half of 2021 that accelerates as the year progresses. 2020 GDP for the full year down 4.9% and demonstrates 2.6% growth for all of 2021 with that growth also accelerating in the back half of the year. While a number of variables within the baseline economic scenario has improved, as of our credit metrics for the quarter, there are still many uncertainties to deal with, the likely COVID a resurgence in the winter, a stalemate on additional economic stimulus, the impact of these coming upcoming election as well as ongoing model imperfections relating to the COVID economic forecasting. We believe maintaining coverage ratios consistent with the second quarter is prudent when considering these factors. Slide 13 shows our NPAs and TDRs and demonstrates the continued impact that our oil and gas portfolio has had on our overall level of NPAs. Oil and Gas NPAs for Q3 represented 26% of our overall NPAs which were down from the second quarter by $111 million or 16% as we proactively reduced the oil and gas portfolio and were able to return other credits to accruing status. Slide 14 provides additional details around the financial accommodations we provided to our commercial customers. As we forecasted on our Q2 call, the commercial deferrals have dropped significantly and now total just $942 million, down from $5 billion at June 30, about 80% of the remaining deferrals represent second 90-day deferrals that are centered on hospitality, retail and travel related customers. Over 70% of the remaining deferrals expire this month and we expect to have limited commercial deferral balances at the end of Q4. Some SBA customers might seek an initial deferral in Q4 following the end of the six-month payment support the SBA provided under the CARES Act. Commercial delinquencies are within a normal range at 19 basis points reinforcing the deferrals have not negatively impacted credit quality. Slide 15 shows our consumer deferrals and the news here is good as well. Our auto, RV marine and HELOC portfolios are performing as we would have expected with very modest close deferral delinquencies, in fact, nearly all the auto, RV marine, HELOC deferrals have lapsed and we are operating in a pre-COVID risk management environment with respect to those portfolios. The mortgage accommodations have come down 78% since June and are also meeting our expectations. Request for second deferrals or further modifications equal just 10% of the post deferral population today. Mortgage deferrals will remain elevated for the next quarter or so given the longer additional deferral period 180 days in many cases versus 90 for other loans, as well as the more formal deferral exit process which requires a second round of documentation with wet signatures and deliveries. Like the commercial deferrals, the consumer deferrals are not indicating additional credit risk at this time. Consumer delinquencies were down across all loan categories on a year-over-year basis. Slide 16 provides an update to the industries hardest hit by COVID-19. We continue regular reviews of our commercial loan portfolio and we believe we have the risks identified and appropriately managed. Any adverse COVID impacts, as well as the most recent SNIC exam results are reflected in our [trip] class and other credit metrics for the quarter. As we had previously mentioned, our hotel exposure centered on five primary sponsors with most of whom we've enjoyed long-term relationships, including through the last downturn, these sponsors continue to demonstrate the financial strength to see their way through the longer-term recovery period we forecast for this industry. Our restaurant exposure is primarily in the national quick service brands. We believe this book to be in very good shape overall while we continue to closely monitor the heightened risk at a single location and other non-franchise names in the portfolio. There are currently no material credit concerns in the other high-impact portfolios and you can see that the credit metrics since June are relatively stable. Recall in the second quarter as part of our active portfolio management process, we evaluated the COVID related impacts across all portfolios and took appropriate actions to downgrade those severely impacted credits to criticized status. This review resulted in a significant increase to our criticized asset level in Q2. I am pleased to report our level of criticized loans was reduced by over $425 million or 12% in the third quarter validating that the portfolio review we undertook in Q2 was comprehensive and served to identify potential problems early. Working with our customers, we're able to proactively remedy a number of these loans. Slide 17 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter. Our credit performance overall was strong. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 56 basis points of average loans and leases. The commercial charge-offs were again centered in the oil and gas portfolio, which made up approximately 44% of the total commercial net charge-offs. Like Q2, nearly all these oil and gas charge offs resulted from $127 million of loan sales closed or contracted for sale during the quarter as we prudently reduced our exposure to this industry. Annualized net charge-offs excluding the oil and gas-related losses were 36 basis points, demonstrating that the balance of our portfolio continued to perform well in Q3. Consumer charge-offs were just 24 basis points in Q3, highlighting our strong consumer portfolio. Our super-prime originations of auto and RV marine loans in particular continue to perform at very high levels. I would also add our non-performing asset ratio decreased 15 basis points linked quarter to 74 basis points. As always, we have provided additional granularity by portfolio in the analyst package in the slides. Let me turn it back over to Zach.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you, Rich. As Steve alluded to earlier, we have confidence in our businesses and are cautiously optimistic that the economic recovery will continue, particularly longer term as we move past the election and with the potential for vaccine and improved therapeutic medical treatments for the virus. We also expect to finish out 2020 strong and Slide 18 provides our expectations for the full year of 2020. Looking at the average balance sheet for the full year 2020, we expect average loans and average deposits to increase approximately 6% and 10% respectively compared to last year. For the remainder of the year, we expect consumer loans, more specifically residential mortgage, auto, RV marine to be the primary driver of average loan growth as commercial loan growth remains muted. Our current projections assume the majority of PPP balances will remain on balance sheet through the end of the year. With respect to deposits, we expect continued growth in consumer core deposits from new customer acquisition, relationship deepening and low attrition. As I mentioned earlier, we expect the elevated level of business and commercial deposits to persist through year-end. We expect to record full-year total revenue growth of approximately 3% to 3.5% and full-year total expense growth of 2% to 2.5%. With respect to revenues, we expect Q4 revenues to be in line with Q3, up 7% to 8% year-over-year. We expect full year NIM to be approximately 300 basis points and we expect a flat to moderately higher NIM in the fourth quarter, driven primarily by further reductions to the cost of interest-bearing deposits, which we expect to be below our prior historic low of 22 basis points that we set back in the third quarter of 2016. This guidance includes no positive impact in Q4 from the acceleration of PPP fees and includes a continuation of elevated liquidity that we discussed earlier. We expect full year non-interest income growth of 8% to 10% primarily driven by robust mortgage income while our fourth quarter outlook includes moderation in mortgage banking. We expect an uptick in capital markets fees as well as several other fee lines to help to cushion that decline. On expenses, we expect the fourth quarter to be up 3% to 5% from the third quarter. As we've discussed before, we believe the current economic outlook presents the opportunity to invest in our businesses in order to meaningfully gain share and accelerate growth over the moderate term as the recovery continues to solidify. As such, we're accelerating investments in technology and other key strategic initiatives across our businesses as we exit 2020 while delivering full year positive operating leverage for the eight consecutive year. Finally, our credit remains fundamentally sound. We expect full year net charge-offs to be approximately 50 basis points to 55 basis points. This is reflective of the cleanup of the oil and gas portfolio as well as the broader economic conditions. Now let me turn it back over to Mark, so we can get to your questions.
Mark Muth: Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up, and then if that person has any additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: I think you guys actually answered a lot of my questions on the sort of the potential for commercial to - kind of resume some growth. So I certainly appreciate that. I wanted to ask specifically on the dealer business, that's been kind of a headwind and kind of is not necessarily huge for you guys? But was just curious to hear about your thoughts on sort of any window and as to how quickly we should expect that dealer business in particular to recover. In other words, how much of a growth driver can it end up being?
Rich Pohle: Scott, it's Rich, I'll take that. We've seen really low utilization rates across the dealer floor plan portfolio, what has been typically in the 75% range are now down below 50%. The challenge with that business is just getting inventory back on the lots and while the OEMs are ramping up deliveries to the dealers, new car levels are continuing at pretty low levels. So, we would expect that we would see a steady build from that 50% up towards the end of the year. And provide a gradual build over the year. This isn't something that's going to ramp up very quickly, but it is going to be something that we see steady state and slowly building throughout the balance of 2020 and into 2021.
Scott Siefers: And then and Zach, just on the guidance for the full year, and I guess implicit in the fourth quarter. If I'm doing the math correctly, I think the implied NII in the fourth quarter would be up fairly significantly from the third quarter, it sounds like margin sort of flattish. I guess just what are the puts and takes that you see for NII in particular in the fourth quarter?
Zach Wasserman: Sure yes, thanks again for the question. So, I think our outlook for loans sequentially is up in total about 1% or $800 million. We are expecting our kind of baseline underlying forecast is a couple basis points of incremental NIM as we go into Q4. And so that's really going to drive spread revenues up around $30 million. To be clear, it does not include any PPP acceleration, there could be, some revenues come through from that, but we're not banking on that.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. And it's - not baked in, so that was the following so, all right terrific. Thank you very much.
Zach Wasserman: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom: Question for either Rich or Zach on the provision, can you talk about some of the provision drivers for the quarter and what you want the overall message to be as we look forward on that. It seems like some of this was growth driven as well, but can you just talk about provision drivers and expectations?
Rich Pohle: Sure Jon, it's Rich, I'll start with that. Yes as you pointed out, we did have a relatively modest reserve build in Q3, it was about 3% from Q2. The coverage ratio moved up four basis points from 227 basis points to 231 basis points. I would first point out that we did have over $1 billion in point-to-point loan growth in Q3 which accounted for about 25% of that reserve build. Clearly with CECL, you are taking a life of loan approach to any - loss about to any portfolio build that you have. But I would tie the build really to ongoing uncertainty with respect to both the virus and the type of stimulus if any that's coming our way. We are seeing COVID cases increasing across much of our footprint, and while we don't expect a return to full stay at home orders. We do believe that is going to be a drag on the economy going forward. And with respect to stimulus, we can see that there is a deadlock right now and the timing and the makeup of what that stimulus ends up looking like is going to be important to the recovery. I think you have to keep in mind too that all of the economic scenarios have assumptions with respect to both the dollar amount and the timing of stimulus. And to the extent that - that stimulus is delayed or isn't earmarked for where the model thinks it's going. It's going to have also an impact. So when we look at factoring all of that in, the uncertainty that's what really drove us to keep the reserve about where it was, I think at four basis points is pretty much a plateau for the quarter. Those were the big drivers.
Jon Arfstrom: But the message, I hear is adequately reserved for what you see today. I have heard that a couple of months. Is that fair?
Zach Wasserman: That's - absolutely.
Jon Arfstrom: And then just one small one, it's kind of, it's the noise in your numbers at this point, but quarter your non-performers, about half the charge-offs for oil and gas? Zach you use the term cleanup, what's left there and what's kind of the timing on that?
Steve Steinour: Yes, I think we just have - we sold $127 million in the third quarter. We've got that portfolio down 50% from where it was a year ago. When we talk about clean up, the book right now is that the point where with the reserves that we have, we will be opportunistic sellers. I think over the course of the last several quarters, there was more of a desire to get the overall numbers down and the pricing that we were able to get allowed us to do that within the coverage ratio that we had. I don't believe in the fourth quarter that we're going to be aggressive sellers. We will certainly look to sell if it makes sense and to the extent that the fall borrowing base redeterminations require additional charge-offs, we will take them. So, we're going to move into what I would consider more of a traditional problem loan management scenario with oil and gas going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: Steve, my first question is for you. Out of all your DFAST participant peers, I think this is probably the first statement we've heard in terms of expectations to increase capital return in 2021 assuming restrictions don't stretch out for too long. And knowing the bank, you've always prioritized dividend, dividend growth and also of course funding your growth. And I'm wondering if that balance shifts a little bit to buybacks in 2021 given where your stock is relative to your return potential?
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Erika. We do have a relatively high dividend yield compared to the peer group and that will influence at the appropriate time what I believe are Board's decisions. We would be more oriented towards buyback versus a dividend increase. But no decision, we are not at that threshold yet, but the historic guidance we would have provided will substitute - will likely substitute other uses of capital as a second alternative. And that dividend is balance with that. Historically, I would say core growth dividend and other uses you'll see a much more balanced approach. Certainly with the stock trading at these levels that seems to, make a lot of sense to us, again subject to Fed and other regulatory support.
Erika Najarian: And my second question is for Zach. I think of course there was some chatter about swap income potentially rolling off and you mentioned in your prepared remarks that there are no looming cliffs. And if I'm doing the back of the envelope math right the derivative book helped net interest income about maybe $19 million to $20 million this quarter, and of course, correct me if I'm wrong? And I'm wondering as we think about the outlook for 2022 in your well laddered strategy, what is the dollar impact from the derivative portfolio if you could confirm for this quarter and what you expect it to be for 2021?
Zach Wasserman: I hope the dollar - probably would have basis points. In 2020 for the full year, the derivative portfolio is benefiting us by about 22 basis points. Next year, we expect that to rise somewhat, that's several basis points up to 25 basis points. And then it's sort of gradually runs off through 2022, 2023 and 2024. I think 2022 is about 12 basis points to 13 basis points run-off, 2023 is about seven basis points run-off and then 2024 is actually flat. So there is no massive cliff, there's clearly a drop and a gradual reduction over time, but as I also mentioned in my prepared remarks. We're pulling all the levers of balance sheet optimizations to really offset and drive that and we do have confidence. We'll further in near current levels over the long-term, leveraging three key strategies; funding optimization, asset growth mix and that customer level pricing. Last thing I'll say just pull back and see if that answers your question. For next year there will likely be a fair amount of quarter-to-quarter volatility driven by PPP loan forgiveness acceleration, we'll see, but we suspect that that will be in the first couple of quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin: Following up on the expense side, Zach, you mentioned three to five expense growth in the fourth quarter and I think you said it was mostly investment, just wondering can you help us just understand what were the restructuring costs that were in the third quarter number and also what you're expecting in the fourth quarter number?
Zach Wasserman: Sure. In the third quarter we have $15 million of restructuring costs. In the fourth, we expect that to be kind of around or just less than $5 million. So, it's sort of incremental $10 million benefit quarter-to-quarter within that 3% to 5% expense guide. I would tell you just pulling back that really the investments are essentially entirely driven by that investment growth. So, the expenses are essentially driven by that investment growth. We see a little bit of continued quarter-to-quarter growth in variable cost just driven by customer activity continuing to rebound out of the COVID lows, but those are the main drivers.
Ken Usdin: And then so, if I take that then that there's not much restructuring costs in that fourth quarter number, is that kind of the right base to grow off or it is just more of a one-time step up that just get stuff accelerated or in relative to what you expect to spend as you go forward to your prior comments last quarter about the flexibility within the cost save numbers?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, it's a good question and I know where your mind is going. Let me, so, it's a little too early for us to give you kind of a longer-term outlook. We'll do that more fulsomely in the next quarter update when we talk in January. But I think that what you're going to see is this elevated level of investments continuing for a few more quarters, you cannot turn on the dime with this kind of stuff. So, we're going to, we're ramping up towards the end of this year as we've talked about over time to capture the opportunities that are, we think are present in the recovery and that will sustain for a few more quarters, but the key for us is really if these things drive revenue growth. We have a very focused investment plan, very tied to our strategic growth initiatives and the expectation is we'll start to see the benefits of that flowing through to accelerating revenue growth as we go throughout '21 and certainly into '22.
Ken Usdin: Okay and then just one underneath that. What's also, I think, Steve mentioned a bunch of this in his prepared remarks, but like how do you go forward and help offset some of that natural inflation from the spending in terms of things you can either see starting to become more efficient in or, as Steve mentioned earlier, you start to rethink some of the branch locations over time, et cetera?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, I mean you saw it tick down, I think that is right there, I think the investments we've got some of which drive shorter-term and more productivity related benefits, others are longer term and customer acquisition and customer relationship deepening related and behind the scenes we just continue to be incredibly rigorous with our non-investments expense program and I think the way I look at expenses is if you've got growth investments and you deny if you drive the return on that, and you've got the rest of the business expenses that we just squeezed perpetually lower. So the items look at are a lot of what you just said.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David George with Baird. Please proceed with your question.
David George: I had a question just moving to the fee side of things, there was a good rebound this quarter in deposit service charges. I am just kind of curious how you're thinking about that line item in Q4 and then kind of a run rate starting in 2021 obviously given the amount of liquidity that - that is in consumer checking accounts, that's going to put a damper on it, but I would imagine that the spend has gotten better, so that that's obviously driving some of the improvements. So, I'm curious how you're thinking about that?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, this is Zach, I will take that and perhaps others may want to weigh in as well. So, we did see a bit of a snapback in personal service charges in Q3 by $15 million higher, although it was - continues to run a fair amount lower than last year. As we look forward in the future, I don't expect a lot of growth in that line. I think that the, particularly the elevated levels of deposits that we've seen, I for one believe is they are going to be quite sticky for some time. I think it's fundamentally related to peoples' uncertainty about the economy and therefore just protecting themselves with elevated liquidity. Again we've seen kind of a flight to quality and flight to proximity from our customers and leveraging Huntington as a place to hold those deposits. So, I think that's going to hold personal service charges lower for a while. It's really not our focus for growth. We're really driving the value-added fee lines over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Zerbe: So, one of your peers decided to recently exit indirect auto, can you just talk about the economics of that business and how the economics has changed since the beginning of the pandemic?
Rich Pohle: Yes, Ken, this is Rich. I'll take a stab at that. We love the indirect auto business. I mean this is a foundation and a core competency that we've had for several years now, and we would grow this business as opposed to exit it. The credit quality performs incredibly well through DFAST, it's our, one of our best performing portfolios. I think if you look at the recent deferral activity that we've had in this book in the post deferral delinquencies, they are excellent and right in line with that. So from a credit standpoint, we couldn't be happier with the performance of this portfolio over time and we're very enthusiastic about the growth of this business over time. So, we have a contrarian approach and I think it's based on the fact that we've got great dealer relationships we've built up over the years and that is proven out very well. So, Zach, you want to touch on that.
Zach Wasserman: I totally agree with everything Rich has said. This business has incredible risk-adjusted returns, to give you a sense of the yields we're seeing right now, new volumes coming in are 3.5%, so it's sort of constructive and helpful for the NIM trajectory. It's also relatively short-lived asset, so it helps us continue to play as rates potentially move higher over the longer term and it will allow I would say just - we come into this business new, it's great to see these business lines that Huntington has that are, we've got such a diversification of the business as we got that when something else is weak like commercial that we talked about this other one has been really a real source of strength and growth for us. So, yes, could not say enough about how much we like it.
Ken Zerbe: And then just the second question, you guys talked about seeing growth in commercial later this year. I think you referenced it a few times. Just to be clear, is this specifically a Huntington's specific like issue that you're growing C&I or is this or do you envision the broader industry also growing C&I off a low base?
Rich Pohle: We haven't. We are not in a position to comment on the industry, but we're looking at our pipeline, what we're making and sharing that comment Ken. We have a pipeline today that's comparable to last year in both business banking and our commercial banking teams and typically fourth quarter is a, is one of our best quarters year in year out. I would expect based on the waiting of that pipeline probability of closing to have pretty good fourth quarter and all indications are positive. What we're, we're hearing from customers is a continuing recovery, remember the Midwest is recovering nicely, particularly the manufacturing sector. The biggest issue we hear in that regard is they just can't get enough employees. Our jobs numbers for the Midwest are higher than any other region in the country. So, this is a labor issue that's constraining some of the potential on the investment side and maybe holding back some the loan demand. So we're actually reasonably bullish about fourth quarter and beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: Just back on the loan growth topic, on the commercial side, I appreciate the color you just gave in terms of the, in your markets and, and some of the trends, outside of dealer services from an industry perspective, where are you seeing the improving growth dynamics. Is it, is it manufacturing like you just said, is that where you're starting to see demand or is that you're just optimistic of that materializing? Are there other portfolios where you are seeing some momentum begin?
Rich Pohle: We're clearly seeing it in the manufacturing sector John as I mentioned, but it's more broadly based. There is a level of business activity that's occurring on the buyout side, on generational transfers, beyond that there is activity that we're, we're, remember we're principally a lower-middle market bank in the commercial side and as inventories are getting replenished and revenues rebuilt, there is working capital demand. We do a lot of equipment finance and asset-based lending as well. We've seen particularly in the asset base side good demand, fourth quarter is generally good for equipment finance, our health care activity is very, very strong as well. So it's - it's broad based.
Zach Wasserman: Just to talk on this, this is Zach, as an indication of that, the pipelines are up to almost the level of last year, just to give you a sense, off considerably lower including during COVID, so, and production during the quarter, during Q3 ramps quite substantially.
John Pancari: Yes. Got it. No, that's helpful, thanks for that added color there. And then on the, on the credit side, just to confirm did you indicate that you're criticized assets are down, did you say 12% in the quarter, and also, could you just talk about what areas that you saw improvement and if you think that decline can continue where do you think there's is going to be some pressure to the upside as some of the pressure on borrowers as they come off forbearance and uncertainty on stimulus weighs in?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, 12% was right. It was about $425 million was the reduction over the quarter. It was very wide widespread. We did have the oil and gas sales, which was about $125 million or $127 million, all of that. Just about all that was, was criticized. But beyond that, it was very broad based across just about all of our lines of business, which was heartening to see. We did do that very comprehensive review in the second quarter, which caused the spike in credit in Q2 and so seeing it come down in Q3, we expected that to some extent and I would say that we will continue to see a downward trend in criticized, it may be a bit lumpy quarter-to-quarter, things will move in, things will move out within different portfolios. I think that's just the kind of the COVID environment that we're dealing and things are going to pop up that might be somewhat unexpected. But I would generally expect our credit quality to begin migrating - the credit class migrating down over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Carcache: Rich, following up on your auto segment comments, it looks like you guys had recently been seeing a growing mix of used car originations, but we saw a mix shift back to new this quarter, I think that was on Slide 44. Can you discuss some of the dynamics there and give us a sense of the relative profitability of new versus used just at a high level?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, I think, this is Zach, I'll start off. [Indiscernible] yield numbers right in front of me, but I think generally this is really influenced by the supply dynamics which I was talking about earlier. So, earlier in the year when the supply interruptions were had on the original equipment side, demand naturally shifted to the - to the used side and so we saw that mix change and I think what you're seeing now is the gradual normalization back to a kind of a longer-term typical mix of new versus used cars. The yield on use is a bit higher than new, but I don't have the numbers right in front of me to comment more specifically, we might be able to follow-up with you on that.
Rich Pohle: Yes, Bill, I don't have the specific breakout on the yields between new and used, but used is always quite a bit higher than new. And so on a risk adjusted return basis, it's actually slightly better than the new.
Bill Carcache: Yes, thanks guys and then separately Zach, on your comments around mix optimization and remixing more towards small business in particular. Can you discuss how you guys are thinking about growing into that from - relationship, from a customer relationship standpoint, timing, credit risk perspective, particularly with all the uncertainty around stimulus?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, maybe I'll touch on that a little bit, then Rich maybe attack on as well. I think - and the list of assets we'd like to grow faster, it includes small business but it's not certainly exclusive to that as we noted a lot of others. But I think what we're seeing, our strategy is to really deepen penetration and provide terrific products and experiences to this segment, particularly through the digital investments we're making. And we're really seeing it works, there is a tremendous demand coming through. I think partly leveraging the real success we have with PPP. And so it's pretty broad-based. I want to Rich to attack on in terms how we're thinking about.
Rich Pohle: No absolutely the PPP success that we had - certainly the driver of the growth and we are really focused on SBA within small business as a continued lever for growth. We obviously have a core competency in SBA and we will continue to leverage that going forward, but also on the conventional side, business banking which, the non-SBA piece of it, we've seen very good growth as well and that's been pretty widespread across industries, healthcare and others.
Bill Carcache: Thanks Rich in fact if I could squeeze one last one in for Steve. You guys have done a lot to improve HBAN's ROTCE profile since the great recession. Can you discuss your expectations for the kind of ROTCE generation that we can expect from HBAN to the extent that so were to persist for an extended period?
Steve Steinour: Well, we haven't changed our long-term metrics on ROTCE at this point. We'll be out as Zach mentioned with an outlook for next year in January. So I think that's fair to use based on the work that we've done looking forward over the next couple of years - as a rough guideline now.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Janet Lee: This is Janet Lee on for Steve. My first question is on margin obviously lots of moving pieces there, but if I put it altogether, with assets liquidity remaining elevated near term and fixed asset repricing. Looking into 2021 is the direction of NIM modest downward trend from here or do you think you can manage it more stable given hedges benefit?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, good question. Thank you, this is Zach. I'll take that one. So, I think 2020 will likely land around 300 basis points, from just a tick higher and our expectation for 2021 excluding PPP for a second is just a few ticks higher than that. So about flat and my baseline outlook is a few basis points higher, we'll have. I think I mentioned earlier, kind of the next few years, hedge benefits in basis points this year was 22 basis points, next year is 25 basis points, absolutely normal forecast that's up three basis points better. Interest bearing liabilities I expect to be down also kind of over, around or over 30 basis points. We do expect yield pressure largely offsetting that, so that is sort of flat to a few basis points higher outlook I have got for 2021 at this point. Again, we're continuing to do a fair bit of work around decimals in fact both her guidance later. There are wildcards, there is the PPP timing that I mentioned, there is potentially also some. We'll continue to look at hedging in the portfolio and that could also throw a few basis points volatility in there, but generally that's my outlook.
Janet Lee: And my next question is on operating leverage. So, when we combine with expense savings from the branch consolidations and I guess more bullish outlook on loans going into 4Q. Do you see it increasingly likely that Huntington can achieve positive operating leverage in 2021 again?
Steve Steinour: No, it's really too early for us to talk about the totality of the full year of 2021. I do expect a lot of the trends that we're seeing right now to kind of continue for the next few quarters just given the momentum and the trend of the businesses that we're seeing right now. And so we'll see, we'll come back and talk more about that. Our commitment around positive operating leverage is a long-term one. And we think it's the right one for the company, but we're really focused on making the investments now to drive revenue acceleration and I tell you we feel pretty good about it. So, we'll come back and talk more in a few months.
Zach Wasserman: So Steve, we're bullish about coming out of this cycle and taking advantage of it, that has been our orientation in the best and we're continuing with that. So, we'll be looking to drive growth, revenue growth, and you're getting a sense of that off the third quarter earnings.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brock Vandervliet with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Brock Vandervliet: Just in terms of lost content in the cadence of net charge-offs going forward. One, I guess how are you feeling about loss content now versus say April, I'm assuming that's better but wanted to ask. And then two, as you look at charge-offs, they've been relatively stable here is there a bit of a catch-up, in other words, an increase from here that we should continue to be aware of or are you anticipating that we can kind of hold at this, more at this level?
Steve Steinour: Brock, this is Steve, just to go to your April comments, night and day are different, when I think about the volatility and uncertainty in that period of time versus today. So you should be inferring that off the comments about the economy and recovery, et cetera, and that would be true with an expectation of credit quality will mirror the economic recovery. There is still uncertainty and as Rich said it maybe lumpy. But we don't have a catch-up quarter, we've already caught up. So, we're in good shape as at the end of the third quarter, given the volatility and expect that the team will manage with consistency as we go forward, may be a little lumpy because of the recovery and the nature of it and the virus, but like the footing we have very much.
Brock Vandervliet: The mix optimization, could you look to move some of this Fed deposits into investment securities or is that not something you're looking at?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, so this is Zach. It's really not something we're looking at, at this time. We do expect to begin to reinvest our securities cash flow this quarter as we've talked about a little bit over the last few calls and to get back in the securities portfolio to around Q1 levels. So that's about $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion of incremental securities investments in the fourth quarter, but not really with the mind towards utilizing those deposits. Rather, we are focused on deploying those for core organic growth and to some degree as a funding optimization opportunity that I mentioned earlier. So, that is the plan.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back to Mr. Steinour for closing comments.
Steve Steinour: So thank you for the questions and your interest in Huntington. We're very pleased with the third quarter performance and we continue to be optimistic about our future and the economic recovery, but acknowledge volatility uncertainty remain in the economy. Our disciplined enterprise risk management provides a strong fundamental foundation and you're seeing that in our numbers. We're executing our strategies and will continue to capitalize on opportunities. We're investing - investing in strategic growth initiatives while continuing to deliver solid performance. I'm confident of our ability to manage the challenges we face and excited about our future. And finally as I thought of reminding you, we are closely aligned of the interests of the Board, executive management and colleagues with the other owners of the company via mechanisms, such as our hold to retirement, equity requirements. And we've collectively been one of the 10 largest shareholders of the company for the past five years. So, we feel to pay and we're looking forward to a better day ahead. Thank you again for your support and interest in Huntington, have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Second Quarter Earnings Call [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Michelle. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our Web site, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Steve for opening remarks.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Mark, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. We're pleased with our second quarter results, which reflect solid execution across the bank despite an incredibly dynamic and challenging operating environment. Revenue was essentially level with the year ago quarter as record mortgage income offset pandemic related headwinds. The actions we've taken to reduce our deposit costs along with the hedging strategy we implemented in 2019 are helping to offset the impact from lower rates. Expenses were down year over year as a result of the proactive expense actions we took in the fourth quarter of '19, as well as the new program we are implementing in 2020. Our business model balance between commercial and consumer provides diversification of revenue where this performance is offsetting challenges. Our increased PPNR year over year reflects consistent execution of our strategies. Our purpose of looking after people has guided our actions during these difficult times. I'm extremely proud of my colleagues and their continued efforts to communicate with and support our customers as well as each other. Over the past month, the bank funded more than 37,000 loans, the total volume of more than $6 billion through the SBA Paycheck Protection Program or PPP, a small and medium sized businesses across our footprint. Huntington is well positioned with robust capital and liquidity to remain supportive of our customers and communities going forward. Huntington received the highest score in the JD Power 2020 mobile app satisfaction study for regional banks, and this is the second year in a row we've been recognized by JD Power, providing evidence that our focused technology investments are being well received by our customers. As we assess the outlook for the economy, we are guardedly optimistic for our gradual economic recovery. The unprecedented levels of government stimulus that supported both individuals and many companies, that support has brought financial stability to market. Recent economic headlines generally appear more positive with homebuilder, auto and RV and marine sales and sentiment exceeding pre-pandemic levels. U.S. consumer retail sales rose 7.5% in June as businesses have resumed operations. In our businesses, we saw record consumer mortgage origination activity in second quarter. Our commercial pipelines have improved over the past two weeks and our customers are becoming more optimistic for the future with many manufacturing customers expected to be back to pre pandemic activity levels during the second half of the year. Our outlook reflects consensus view of economists that the recovery is taking hold, but progress will be uneven. While we do see signs for optimism, we remain vigilant to possible risks and our visibility is generally limited to the next few months. The range of potential outcomes on key metrics remains wide. We are monitoring economic and customer data closely and tightly managing our businesses. As a result of lower interest rate levels, we're taking actions to manage expenses this year, which Zach will further describe. We remain disciplined on expense growth while making further investments in technology and other strategic business initiatives as the economy recovers. And as we discussed previously over the past decade, we have fundamentally changed Huntingtons enterprise risk management, its now a strength of the company as compared to a weakness during the prior cycle. Most recent DFAST results demonstrate superior credit performance for our fifth consecutive DFAST filing. Our modeled [accumulative] loan losses in the [feds] severely adverse scenario remain among the best in the peer group, while our stress capital buffer established at the minimum level of 2.5% percent. Our commitments to an aggregate moderate to low risk profile is illustrated through the DFAST results. Our second quarter credit metrics remain sound as we address the issues in our oil and gas portfolio. With our second quarter provision, we believe we have the loss exposure in the oil and gas portfolio fully reserved. Our underlying portfolio metrics continue to reflect our expectation for out performance through the cycle. We restrained our commercial lending in 2019 with the fourth quarter average year over year growth rate of 1.8%, which gives us a more seasoned portfolio of commercial loans at this point in the cycle. This morning we announced that the board has cleared third quarter cash dividend of $0.15 per common share unchanged from the prior quarter. And based on what we know today, management expects to maintain the quarterly given rate in the fourth quarter subject to the board's normal quarterly approval process and you'll hear more about the dividend from Zach as well. So Zach, Ill ask you now provide an overview of the financial performance and carry forward.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks Steve and good morning everyone. Slide 3 provides the highlights from the 2020 second quarter. We reported earnings per common share of $0.13, return on average assets was 51 basis points, return on average common equity was 5% and return on average tangible common equity was 6.7%. Clearly, results were significantly impacted by the elevated level of credit provision expense as we added $218 million to the reserve during the quarter. Now let's turn to Slide 4 to review our results in more detail. Year over year, pretax pre-provision earnings growth was 4%. We believe this is solid performance in light of the challenges of the interest rate environment and the rapid decline in short term rates year to date. Total revenue was relatively flat versus the year ago quarter as pressure on spread revenues was nearly offset by growth in fee income. Specifically record mortgage banking income of $96 million was partially offset by waivers to assist our customers, reduce customer activity and the higher levels of consumer deposit account balances that reduced the deposit service charges and cards and payment fees line items. Total expenses were lower by $25 million or 4% from the year ago quarter. This expense discipline reflects the actions we took in the 2019 fourth quarter to reduce our overhead expense run rate, including a reduction of 200 positions and the closure of 31 in store branches, as well as the actions we have taken to adapt to the current environment, balance against the impact of continued investment in our technology capabilities. Finally, I would like to note that the normal size comparisons for our net interest income, fee income and non-interest expense can be found in the appendix. Turning to Slide 5, net interest margin was 2.94% for the quarter, down 20 basis points linked quarter in line with the guidance we provided at the Morgan Stanley conference in June. The second quarter NIM was negatively impacted by a few unusual items that I would like to highlight. Elevated deposits held at the fed during the quarter reduced NIM by 7 basis points versus the first quarter. This impact would have been larger but for our active management to several billion dollars of non-primary bank relationship account balances off the sheet during the quarter. Reduced loan late fees, primarily in our auto portfolio, compressed NIM by three basis points. Additionally, in Q2 NIM was negatively impacted by 3 basis point derivative ineffectiveness mark, while in Q1 the mark was positive 4 basis points. Thus, 7 basis points of the 20 basis points of quarter to quarter NIM compression was driven by this item. Our underlying NIM performed quite well despite the challenging industry environment. Given our strong liquidity position, we continue to actively manage down our cost of funds. Our average cost of interest bearing deposits was 25 basis points in the month of June and we see some continued opportunity for modest further reduction. Our hedging actions continue to reduce the unfavorable impacts of interest rate volatility and the lower interest rate environment. In the second quarter, we had $1.6 billion of forward starting asset hedges become active, providing NIM benefit going forward. Moving forward to Slide 6, average earning assets increased $9.9 billion or 10% compared to the year ago quarter. Average commercial and industrial loans increased 15% from the year ago quarter and 14% linked quarter, reflecting the addition of $4.1 billion in average PPP loans. As of quarter end, the total PPP loan balance was just over $6 billion. Outside of PPP lending, we saw solid growth in health care and asset finance in the quarter. Offsetting this growth, auto floor plan line utilization was suppressed due to lack of new inventory from OEMs. And we continue to actively manage the non core exposure in our oil and gas portfolio down, including $170 million of loans sold or under contract to be sold in the secondary quarter. Consumer loan growth remains focused in the residential mortgage portfolio, reflecting robust originations over the past four quarters. Also, as a result of the elevated deposit levels in the quarter, we saw material increase in interest bearing deposits being held at the fed. Turn to Slide seven, we will review the deposit growth. Average core deposits increased 13% year over year and 12% versus the first quarter, primarily driven by commercial loan growth related to the PPP loans and commercial line draws, consumer growth related to government stimulus and reduced account attrition. During the quarter, we saw dramatic shifts in the retail deposit acquisition trends as consumer and business banking customers adapted to the COVID environment. We saw utilization of online account opening channels increase 13% quarter over quarter and 61% year over year. We are now seeing traditional branch based acquisition approaching pre-COVID levels, Slide 8 highlights the trends in commercial loans, total deposits, salable mortgage originations and debit card spend, which is consistent with what we disclosed at last months Morgan Stanley Conference. Slide 9, illustrates the continued strength of our capital and liquidity ratios. The common equity tier one ratio or CET1 ended the quarter at 9.84%, down 4 basis points year over year, the tangible common equity ratio or TCE ended the quarter at 7.28%, down 52 basis points from a year ago. Let me turn it over now to Rich to cover credit. Rich?
Rich Pohle: Thanks, Zach. Before I get into the second quarter credit results, I want to turn your attention to Slide 10, which illustrates the relative rankings of modeled cumulative loan losses for Huntington and our peers in the Federal Reserve's severely adverse scenarios of the 2020 DFAST exercise. As Steve has mentioned over time, this is the only true comparison of credit risk across the sector that we know of, and it provides us independent validation of credit risk management discipline and practices we've been implementing for over a decade now to achieve an aggregate moderate to low risk profile. Our 2020 DFAST result puts us at the top of our peer group and we've been a top quartile pure performer in each DFAST exercise since 2015. Our portfolio composition evenly split between consumer and commercial businesses gives us diversification in periods of economic stress, and our DFAST numbers reflect as much. Turning now to the credit metrics and results. Slide 11 provides a walk of our allowance for credit losses or ACL from year end 2019 to the second quarter. You can see our ACL is more than double during this period, increasing by just under $1 billion dollars to 2.27% of loans. Excluding the PPP loan balances, our ACL would be 2.45% as of June 30th. The second quarter allowance represents a $218 million reserve build from the first quarter. Like the first quarter, there were multiple data points used besides the provision expense for Q2. The primary economic scenario within our loss estimation process was the main Moody's baseline forecast. This scenario assumes peak unemployment in Q2 2020 of 15%, followed by rebound to 9% by the end of 2020 and a slow recovery to 8.5% by the fourth quarter of 2021. GDP recovers from 33% decline in 2Q 2020 to end the full year down almost 6% and demonstrates 1.5% growth in 2021 with most occurring in the second half of the year. The Q2 ACL now includes a 30% reserve against our and oil and gas portfolio, and we believe we have the last content in this portfolio fully reserved. We have bifurcated this portfolio into core and non core segments with the non core portion representing just under 60% of the oil and gas borrowings. Our 30% coverage includes a 44% coverage ratio against the non core portfolio and 9% reserve against the core portfolio. Recall it our oil and gas portfolio represents about 1% of total loans. Slide 12 shows our NPAs and TDRs and demonstrates the impact that our oil and gas portfolio has had on our overall level of NPAs. We have discussed for several quarters the challenges we see with this portfolio. Commodity prices continue to range below economical levels for this industry. Oil and gas NPAs represent 40% of our overall NPAs and are also a significant contributor to our Q2 NPA build. Notably, over 95% of our oil and gas NPAs were current pay with respect to principal and interest as of quarter end. Slide 13 provides additional details around the financial accommodations we've provided to our commercial customers. The commercial referrals are now graduating to amendments and waivers. And outside of the hospitality and other travel related businesses, we do not see a widespread need for additional payment relief. Our auto dealers and franchise restaurant customers, two of our larger referral users are both exiting those deferral periods in strong shape, and we expect nearly all those deferrals to run their course in Q3. To date requests for additional deferral periods have been limited in the other commercial portfolios as well. Slide 14 shows our consumer deferrals and the early news here is good as well. Our auto RV Marine and HELOC portfolios are performing as we would have expected with modest post deferral delinquencies. Our focus on high FICO customers here have shielded us somewhat from job losses weve seen. The mortgage accommodations are a two step process as the new forbearance agreement is necessary upon the expiration of the first. As a result, we have limited visibility to the resolution here. Slide 15 provides an update to the industries hardest hit by COVID-19 to date. We have thoroughly reviewed these portfolios, as well as 75% of our total commercial loan portfolio since April and believe we'd have the existing risks identified and appropriately managed. Our hotel exposure centered on five primary sponsors most of them are long-term relationships, including through the last downturn. We believe these sponsors have the liquidity and financial flexibility to see their way through the longer term recovery period we forecast for this industry. Our restaurant exposure is primarily in the national quick service brands that have maintained drive up operations and our sandwich and pizza customers have been open for takeout service to offset the decline in in-house seating. We believe this book to be in good shape overall but we'll continue to closely monitor the heightened risk in a single location and other non franchise names in the portfolio. As a leading SBA lender in the country, we also have guarantees on over $400 million of the restaurant, childcare, physician practices and other sectors, which provides us additional opportunities for recoveries. In the second quarter as part of our exit portfolio management process, we evaluated the COVID related impacts across all portfolios and took appropriate actions as required by regulatory guidance to downgrade those severely impacted credits to criticized status. This review resulted in an increase to our criticized asset level of $1.1 billion in the quarter. As you would expect, they were setted on the industries referenced in the chart, hospitality, retail, airport parking and our auto suppliers. The customers in these affected industries except for auto would have longer path back to a full recovery and we felt it prudent to move those credits to criticized status. We will take a patient approach to working with these customers. We currently do not see a significant loss content. On the 30% of the downgrades we did not attributed to COVID, most of that was in our oil and gas portfolio. Slide 16 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter. Our credit performance on the whole was strong. Net charge offs represented an annualized 54 basis points of average loans and leases. The commercial charge offs were centered in the oil and gas portfolio, which made up approximately 75% of the total commercial net charge offs. I would also point out that nearly all these oil and gas charge offs resulted in loan sales closed or contracted for sale during the quarter, as we prudently reduced our exposure to this industry. Annualized total net charge offs excluding the oil and gas related losses were 24 basis points, demonstrating that the balance of our portfolio continue to perform well in Q2. Consumer charge offs were down to 30 basis points in Q2, demonstrating our continued strong consumer portfolio. As always, we have provided additional granularity by portfolio in the analyst package in the slides. The non performing asset ratio increased 14 basis points linked quarter and 28 basis points year over year to 89 basis points due to the oil and gas impact I described earlier. Let me turn it back over Zach.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you, Rich. Turning to Slide 17, I'll provide our expectations for the third quarter. As was the case last quarter, we feel it's prudent to limit our guidance to the current quarter due to the ongoing uncertainty around the economic outlook. As Steve alluded to earlier we have confidence that our businesses and are pleased with our second quarter results given the headwinds in the quarter. Our sentiment has improved from 90-days ago due to the recent trends we're seeing and the actions we've taken to better position the bank for success going forward. Looking at the average balance sheet for the third quarter, we expect average loans to be approximately flat on a linked quarter basis. Consumer loans are expected to increase approximately 2%, driven by continued growth in the residential mortgage and RV and marine lending. Commercial loans are expected to decrease approximately 1% as the full quarter impact of PPP is more than offset by continued reductions in dealer floor plan and commercial loan utilization rates. Our current projections assume the majority of the PPP balances will remain on the balance sheet through the end of the year. Our early stage commercial pipelines have been building over the past several weeks, supporting the expectation of accelerating growth in the latter part of the year. We balance this customer optimism within acknowledgement of the fluidity of the current economy and some concern that the recent upward trend in the infection could dampen the pace of the economic recovery. We expect average total deposits to decrease approximately 1% linked quarter. Commercial deposits are expected to decrease approximately 3%, assuming gradual usage of deposit inflows from the government stimulus. We expect total revenue to increase approximately 2% linked quarter with the net interest income increasing 2% to 4%. We expect GAAP NIM to expand approximately 7 basis points to 10 basis points versus the second quarter NIM of 2.94% as a result of the hedging strategy and the elimination of notable items, which negatively impacted the second quarter, namely 3 basis points of reduced loan rate fees and 3 basis points of derivative ineffectiveness mark. Our NIM expectation does not include material benefit from the acceleration of PPP fees from the repayment of forgiveness of those loans in the third quarter. We expect fee income to be approximately flat as mortgage banking activity remains robust and pandemic impacted revenue lines rebound. Based on the debit card trends, we would expect a slight pickup in card related fees in the third quarter. Deposit account activity volumes are increasing. Yes, given the elevated level of consumer deposits we do not expect a full recovery in deposit service charges. These increases are expected to be offset by reduced other income as the second quarter contain gains of $18 million related to the annuitization of a retiree health plan and the retirement plan services record keeping business sale. As I mentioned earlier, we are benefiting from the expense actions we took in the fourth quarter of 2019. In addition, given both the significant economic challenges of 2020 and the desire to sell fund some of the compelling initiatives being identified in our ongoing strategic planning process, we are now executing the expense management program we have previewed for you on prior calls. As I mentioned previously, our outlook to this plan is focused on four categories of expenses, the size and compensation level of the organization, structural expenses, including our branch and corporate facilities, investments primarily the optimization of level of marketing and lastly, other discretionary expenses. This program is sized to generate approximately $75 million of annual savings in 2020 and 2021. In 2020, this cost rationalization will allow the bank to prudently manage expenses, given the economic and business uncertainty that exists this year. We've modeled numerous scenarios for the 2020 financial outlook, the majority of these forecasts achieving positive operating leverage for 2020, inclusive of the expected approximately $25 million of restructuring costs related to the expense management program. Importantly, we've been positioning the company for some time to be ready to capitalize on opportunities to drive accelerated revenue and market share growth that will arise when the economic recovery begins to solidify. While our longer term planning for 2021 is still a work in process, our current expectation is that we continue to see positive signs of economic stabilization and regrowth, we will accelerate investments in digital technology capabilities, product differentiation and other strategic initiatives in the latter part of 2020 and into next year, potentially utilizing up to the full amount of these savings for this purpose in calendar year 2020. Thus this program provides the opportunity to fund these initiatives, while generally maintaining a strong expense efficiency level in 2020. Focusing on the expense outlook for the third quarter, we expect non-interest expenses to increase approximately 5% on a linked quarter basis. Approximately 2% of this growth is driven by the $15 million of the total approximately $25 million restructuring costs associated with the expense management actions that we recognized in the third quarter. The remaining approximately 3% is driven by investments in technology and marketing, as well as the return of customer and sales activity closer to pre pandemic levels. Finally, we expect net charge offs in the third quarter to be near 65 basis points. This is reflective of the potential charge offs in the oil and gas portfolio, as well as broader economic considerations. Fundamentally, our credit remains sound. However, the economic outlook remains uncertain and we're likely to see elevated provisions expense through the remainder of 2020. Michelle, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person have any additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you [Operator instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom: There's a lot of places to go, but let's just talk oil and gas to get that out of the way. Longer term, what's the plan there? Is it just to get down to $500 million or $600 million? What you call your core portfolio? And if you could maybe project, is it are you done in Q3 or you're done in Q4? When does the noise start to go away from this portfolio?
Rich Pohle: With respect to the oil and gas piece of it, weve kind of bifurcated into a core and non core sector, and the focus is really on getting that non core piece of the portfolio down and through whatever methods we have. You saw in Q2 that we sold about $170 million to the extent that we've got opportunities where we think the sale price is better than what a recovery might be. If the credit got into trouble, we would certainly do that. As it relates to the ongoing strategy, we're not originating any new loans in that space we haven't for over a year now. And I think, we're really just focused on the portfolio we have now and managing the risks there.
Steve Steinour: Jon, this is probably the last quarter we're going to distinguish ourselves with reporting out the oil and gas like this, because we believe we've got box now fully reserved. And while you will see metrics around that, we don't feel a need to call it out like we have this quarter and is picking up in the normal course and well look to maximize, particularly the non core overtime.
Jon Arfstrom: And then just a follow up, the rest of it looks so clean from a credit perspective. And Zach you talked about the third quarter, fourth quarter provisions remaining elevated. I see it 2.45% ACL and relatively tame credit metrics. I guess the question is, how much of reserve build do you think you still need and how do you want us to think through that third quarter, fourth quarter provision level?
Rich Pohle: We haven't really thought about what a build in the third quarter would look like. As you work through the seasonal methodology, it is a point in time process. And so, similar to what we did in Q2, we will do the same process in Q3. We will look at what the change in the economic outlook might be for the end of September. We're certainly not going to race into anything earlier in the quarter. We're going to take every available day we have to look at the economic condition and the forecast that we see. We'll also have another quarter of portfolio activity to see how the portfolio is behaving relative to our expectations. And based on those two factors, we'll look at where we think the provision ought to be. So it's really hard for us to sit here and really CECL wouldn't hand you forecast additional build, it's really a quarter by quarter kind of step by step process.
Steve Steinour: But Jon, we do like generally how the portfolio has performance thus far and feel good. Having looked at a very substantial amount of the commercial portfolio in depth during the quarter and tried to have a realistic if not conservative lens on it, which is reflected in some of the metrics like the criticized loan increase. But the performance for the quarter was slightly better than we would have expected it to be at the core. But we've got a recurrence of the viruses it looks like coming and we dont know when the fourth round is going to happen. There's a lot of unknowns here. So it's very, very difficult to project where this is not felt yet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: On your comment right there you just mentioned to Jon about looking at the reserves each quarter, you just mentioned you look at the behavior of your credits versus your expectations. Isn't that a dynamic that under CECL should have already been factored into the reserve in terms of how the credits are actually behaving versus what you modeled, because now you're providing a lifetime loss expectation?
Steve Steinour: That's right, my comment was meant to mean that we will look at how the portfolio, if there are changes in the portfolio from the end of Q2 to the end of Q3.
John Pancari: So what about the growth then versus the underlying credit?
Steve Steinour: It could be growth, it could also be changes in underlying credit. I mean, to the extent that there is further deterioration or improvement either way in the portfolio that gets reflected in the modeled outputs for what would go into Q3.
John Pancari: And then I guess, so if the 2.45% reserve right now, excluding PPP loans does represent your best expectation of the lifetime loss content of your loan portfolio. How do you attribute the difference between that ratio and your company run most recent DFAST estimate that you did? Does it all come down to the macro assumptions and the amount of stimulus that you're factoring in?
Steve Steinour: We haven't disclosed the company run DFAST scenarios. But certainly, there's going to be a number of factors that will go into, you know, what we provided in our forecast versus what we're just running through the models.
John Pancari: And then lastly just want to ask about the cadence of the cost saves of the $75 million. Could you talk about how, I know you mentioned a portion in 2020 and then the rest in 2021? Could you just talk about how we can expect the timing of that to play out?
Zach Wasserman: So as I mentioned, it's about a $75 million save in both years. And over time, like we've said many times in the past, we want to manage the expense base based on the revenue outlook. And so, a very substantial chunk of that $75 million we would expect to flow to bottom line in 2020 and not be reinvested to the extent that we see the economy improving as we go forward and the pace and level of that recovery becomes more certain we would expect to start to rev up the investments, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, and therefore, have a less or potentially even neutral net benefit from that in 21, as we go forward. But for 2020 just to kind of come back to your question specifically around third of that save accrued to the second quarter and it was around $50 million left on a gross basis before any modest acceleration investment in back half of the year and before the $25 million restructuring costs in Q3 and Q4.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin: I was just wondering if you could help us walk through the impact of PPP in terms of the yield you're seeing on that portfolio, what it added to NII? And Zach, I know you said that forgiveness is not built into the forecast. But how are you generally anticipating it to go going forward? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Let me try to put some math behind this for you. Just starting first with the yield, it was accretive to yield in the second quarter by as we noted, about 2 basis points of net interest margin. Really what drives that is the portfolio rate that we were seeing in June was 3.43% on an accrual basis for those loans in June, which was made up of 1% of the underlying yield. And then the amortization of what for us based on the size mix of our loan of PPP, our PPP loans was around 3% placement fee over the life of the loan. So, the combination of those two things for June was 3.43% and hence additive to the overall NIM by around 2 basis points. It was about $35 million in revenue in Q2 as well. As we go forward into Q3, from a NIM perspective, I think it's accretive by around 1 basis points is our current estimate. So, it's a tiny drag on a quarter to quarter basis of 1 basis point down, but pretty neutral in that respect into the third quarter. In terms of the forgiveness, I think it was the other part of your question. This continues to be a function of estimates as you might imagine. But our planning estimate at this point is that roughly 85% of the loans outstanding will be forgiven. The process around that is the thing that's driving the most uncertainty around the timing. And so right now, we're assuming that the loans less than $150,000 each, which is around $1 billion of the $6 million loans, will be on a, likely on the fast track forgiveness process and hence will likely be forgiven in the fourth quarter. Thus, our planning assumption for that. And then, lets say around 10% of the remaining greater than $150,000 loans are forgiven in Q4. So, which would make about one quarter of the total $6 billion forgiven in Q4 with the remainder of 75% forgiven, of whats going to be forgiven in Q1. So, I think by the end of the year, we expect on an average basis in Q4, we still expect to see around $4.7 billion of PPP in the fourth quarter coming down to around $700 million by Q1 of next year.
Ken Usdin: And just a follow up the $35 million you recognized in Q2 when you get a full quarter of it in 3Q. What are you ballparking that to turn into? I know you put it in NIM terms directionally, but in terms of dollar terms?
Zach Wasserman: $50 million roughly Q3.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Alexopoulos with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Janet Lee: This is Janet Lee on for Steve. I have a follow-up question on energy. So your energy levels are at 30% of total exposure and this being fully reserved for the loss content. Can you just share with us some of the key underlying assumptions baked into this reserve level, such as a trajectory of energy charge offs, NPLs and criticized going from here, as well as some of the macro factors like where you think the oil price is trying to head up? Thanks.
Rich Pohle: We took a number of factors as we kind of size the reserve build there. When we looked at the core and non core portfolios, there were a number of factors that went into that designation, whether its liquidity and, but a big piece of that is borrowing base coverage and that lasts as long as the hedges lasts. And so, our challenge with the book in general is just our view on where commodity prices are going to go and as the hedges roll off, there's just more exposure to what we think is a pretty uneconomical level of price to support drilling and more important to support capital. So, the seasonality of the oil and gas business will drive some of the charge off decisions as you would expect the spring and fall borrowing base redeterminations are a big driver of kind of a fresh look at where the loans are relative to the collateral. And that's part of what we saw in the second quarter was the spring redetermination results kind of flowing through. And then we felt we were very proactive in terms of getting out of credits. There were four structural over advances in deals in our book. In the second quarter, we sold two of them and the other two to NPA. So, you know, I think as it relates to further NPA growth that will be really based more around borrowing base redetermination areas. The charge offs will be a function largely of our sale opportunities and also around borrowing base determinations.
Janet Lee: And I think last quarter, you disclosed $3 billion exposure and leverage funding comprised of a number of different industries. Some of your peers experienced some charge offs in the leverage funding portfolio. I just want to see like how this portfolio is performing anything at normal you're seeing on the credit front. Thanks.
Rich Pohle: As it relates to the leverage lending, the portfolio did grew up modestly in the second quarter, went up 5% to 6% really due to falling angel activity more than anything as it relates to new originations. So as you might recall, we've got a fairly modest leverage threshold for leverage loans. It's 2.5 times senior as opposed to most people did 3 times. So, to the extent that these credits with us first quarter it was all kind of fell into that criteria we designated on falling angels in the leverage lending bucket. We did not have any leverage lending originated charge offs in Q2. We are keeping an eye on them from a prep class standpoint. There were some downgrades within that book as you might expect but nothing significant.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens Inc. Please give us your question.
Terry McEvoy: I just was wondering if you could discuss the health of the auto dealer portfolio, I know is an area of focus last quarter. You mentioned earlier on the call that inventory levels are lower and there was an incremental reserve build here in the second quarter?
Steve Steinour: Yes, is it the auto floorplan business is actually bouncing back in very good shape. We have about a half of billion dollars of deferrals, deferred P&I in that book and that is all going to roll off in the third quarter. There's very, the demand notwithstanding the fact that new car inventories are down, June results were very strong across our dealer book. So, we expect that book barring any further shutdowns or things like that to bounce back pretty quickly. The challenge for that sector is just getting inventory, and they don't think that they'll be back to full inventory levels on their lots before the end of the year. So, there was not much in the way at all of reserve build as it relates to the floorplan. And the indirect, do you want to tell them about it?
Zach Wasserman: The indirect is performing very well. You can see the deferral piece of that was fairly modest to start with about 8%. I'm sorry about 3% of the book. And coming out of the deferral, the payment rates are very strong. We've got 92% paying as agreed coming out of the deferral. So, we are watching that like we're watching all the consumer portfolios just given the impact of the deferrals on the overall book. But that's a high FICO book. We have a custom scorecard and that book has performed very well through the DFASt exercises and we expect it to continue to perform well.
Terry McEvoy: And then just as a follow-up, thanks for Page 8, the bottom right, the volume, thanks for updating that exhibit. Just the decline in the last couple weeks or maybe the last month and volume and transactions. Is that just the short term blip, or are you seeing just the increase in number of COVID cases beginning to impact volume overall?
Zach Wasserman: Are you talking about the debit card volume, Terry?
Terry McEvoy: Correct, bottom Right.
Zach Wasserman: So, we've seen it's like a roughly 2% year over year reduction in the last week versus the prior 10 days. So I think in the first 10 days of July, debit volumes were up about 20% year on year. In the last week, they were up 18.7%. So not even 2%. I guess as I talked about the numbers. And I think as we look across industries, we are seeing a little bit of a blip down. I was studying the numbers this morning and one of the industries where we're seeing the most substantial blips, not surprisingly, is in restaurants and bars. So, likely that is to some degree impacted by what we're seeing in terms of some of the economic reopening guidance changing and things of that nature, but we're still seeing pretty robust snapping back in year over year growth overall.
Operator: Thank you [Operator instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Brock Vandervliet with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Brock Vandervliet: Thanks, most of the high points have been covered. I was wondering if you could just talk about mortgage and what your expectations are for the remainder of the year. It's seems a bit like COVID is kind of pushed out the spring selling season. Obviously, we've got a massive change in rates. Can you sustain your performance year longer than you would in a normal year I guess?
Steve Steinour: What we're seeing in the market here is that it's a lack of inventory. We've had very good, very strong sales. So construction is not keeping pace with demand and youre seeing that flow through in terms of a number of levels of inventory in a number of markets, I should say. So, we've had a very strong performance on the housing front and we think that will continue as a consequence of the virus. And it's somewhat labor constrained on the build or supply side.
Brock Vandervliet: And the primary, secondary mortgage spreads have been kind of juiced up with all the damage in the fixed income markets. Do you see that rapidly coming in here in the third quarter, or is that more sustainable, which would support mortgage banking reps?
Zach Wasserman: I will just tack on some of Steve's comments and try to address that specific question. Generally, I think the outlook for Q3 is pretty similar to Q2 in terms of volumes and the modest tightening of spread. It was sort of around 15 basis points, 10 basis points to 15 basis points lower spread as that trend continues for a while. I think the outlook Q4 is harder to ascertain at this point just based on the timing of pipeline and things of that nature. Really the pipeline for Q2 or for Q3 looks pretty similar to what it did for Q2. With that being said, our planning assumption is that the spreads will continue to come down in Q4 and the volumes are typically seasonally a fair amount lower in Q4, and we'll also see that down drop as well. So, I think that the trends you noted are in fact happening, you know the velocity with which they happen is still a question mark.
Brock Vandervliet: And on the deposit fees due to some of those waivers, fees were kind of lighter. How quickly can that come back?
Zach Wasserman: We're assuming that some of them come back in the third quarter. I think really it's going to be a function of how quickly the deposits on the sheet start to get used. I think, this is a phenomenon that we've noted across the entire industry that the deposit gathering activity in second quarter was just extremely robust. And you know, what we've seen in our own portfolio is around 70% of the estimate on the consumer side of the government stimulus and to some degree some of the other employee benefits are being saved in accounts, and that's only taking down single digit percentage points per month as we go forward. So, it's hard to say because that's going to be the key driver is what happens with overall deposits and therefore, sort of overdraft activity. With that being said, we are expecting a modest increase as we go into the third quarter and then I sort of indicated in our comments Q4 is harder to ascertain.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question and answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Steve Steinour for any closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: So, thank you all for your questions and interest in Huntington. Obviously, we're pleased with second quarter performance, particularly given the challenges we face. And while guardedly optimistic today, we acknowledge volatility and the uncertainty in the economy. With the expense actions we announced today, we are positioned to invest in growth initiatives and opportunities, while continuing to deliver solid performance. Our disciplined enterprise risk management provides us strong fundamentals position. And during these past several months, weve positioned the bank to continue to execute on our strategies to further invest in our businesses and technology and to capitalize on opportunities that present themselves. Im confident about our ability to manage the challenges we face, and I'm excited about our prospects going forward. Finally, we always like to end with a reminder to our shareholders that there's a high level of alignment between the Board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The Board and our colleagues are collectively among the 10 largest shareholders for Huntington, and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long term performance. Thank you again. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.
Mark Muth: Thanks Cheryl. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides, we'll be reviewing, can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. The call is being recorded and will be available for replay starting at about one hour from the close of the call.Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements.Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially.We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and the material filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Steve, where he'll start on Slide 3.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Mark, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. Before we begin, I'd like to express my sympathies to those of you who've lost family members or friends who've been directly impacted by the virus.Well open the day with an overview of how we've reacted to the onset of the pandemic, both the challenges it has created as well as the opportunities. The pandemic has caused unprecedented disruption around the world. Extreme market volatility is all through the global economic landscape, the virus has changed the way we live our daily lives. Changed how business is conducted in the short term, probably the long term as well.For Huntington, I believe our purpose and our deeply rooted culture are an extraordinary asset. Our purpose of looking out for people has guided our planning and responses to the pandemic. From the beginning, weve recognized the pandemic is first and foremost public health crisis. Therefore, our priority has always been the safety and wellbeing of our colleagues and our customers.Many of our colleagues are on the frontlines with our customers every day and it's challenged us to serve our customers in new ways. To ensure their safety in our branches we moved early to drive through only, but then person meetings by appointment. Weve closed all in store branches and traditional branches which did not have a drive through.For most other colleagues, we implemented a work from home policy and now have more than 80% of our colleagues working remotely. This is possible because of the commitment and flexibility of our colleagues and because of the tremendous work by our technology teams to keep everyone connected and productive. We've benefited from the diligent work performed by our business continuity planning teams over the years.We've also increased our communication with colleagues, not only keep them informed, but also to keep them engaged and in a position to help our customers. Finally, we added new benefits for our colleagues such as emergency paid time off and other programs for those whose families were directly impacted by the virus. And we took actions to enhance the mental and physical wellbeing of our colleagues.It was clear immediately that our customers would face financial hardships because of the pandemic. We took swift action early and publicly announcing a variety of relief program measures that included loan payment deferrals, fee waivers, and the suspension of foreclosures and repossessions. These measures addressed our customers' critical short term needs but we believe they also demonstrated our purpose in action, showing our customers that we are there for them now and well continue to support them in the future.We believe it's in our best mutual interest to work with our customers during tough times. Relationships are strengthened in these moments. Thousands of college (0:04:22.8) from across the bank globalized to help small business and commercial customers access the SBA paycheck protection program. And over the last three weeks we've redeployed and trained over 700 colleagues to support the heavy volume of SBA applications. I'm pleased to say that we processed almost 26,000 applications in record time, with loan volume of more than $6.1 billion. We were able to process almost every one of these applications into the SBA E-Tran before it closed when funding was exhausted on April 16.We entered 2020 with a relatively healthy economic backdrop across our footprint, and the prospects for the national economy appear to be picking up. However, the pandemic has altered that trajectory for the foreseeable future and we believe the economy will be challenged for some time. Weve tried to assess what is in store for the economy now. We've informed our thinking with multiple potential economic scenarios.The best case is characterized by a deep V shaped economy with a trough in the second quarter followed by relatively strong recovery later this year. More likely scenario could be described as a long U shaped recovery in which the trough extends later into the year and then the economy does not recover back to pre-COVID activity levels until well into 2022.Over the course of the last two months, the economic outlook has progressively deteriorated. It appears that the reopening of the economy will be more protracted than initially expected. And a U shape recovery is the increasingly likely scenario. So given this highly uncertain environment and rapidly evolving outlook, we do not believe we can provide any meaningful expectations for the full-year at this time.Therefore, we have withdrawn our formal 2020 full-year guidance. Our visibility is generally limited to the next few months. The range of potential outcomes on the key metrics is quite wide. Instead, Zach will provide some near-term expectations later in the presentation.Conservative view on the economic outlook also in forms our thinking on how we manage capital liquidity and credit. Zach and Rich will discuss our current metrics on these items later, but I'd like to discuss generally how we're thinking about risk management.As we've previously discussed over the past decade, we've fundamentally changed Huntington's enterprise risk management. We believe it's now a stress for the company as compared to a clear weakness during the prior cycle.Slide 10, in the presentation details several of the key improvements we've implemented, but they all began with the establishment of our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite in 2009 and the alignment of our credit strategy and policy with that appetite. We also centralized credit underwriting and portfolio management, implemented credit concentration limits and materially repositioned the balance sheet over time.We implemented a deep relationship focus across the bank focusing on the primary bank relationships and exiting loan relationships that did not meet appropriate return on our hurdles.In subsequent years we took actions such as tightening our consumer lending standards to focus on super-prime customers across all our consumer lending products and tightened our underwriting on commercial real estate. We established conservative standards and policies for leverage lending as well. We pointed out over time that the only comparison, of potential loss for this sector, is that Federal Reserve's DFAST stress test.As shown on Slide 11, our modeled cumulative loan losses in the Feds severely adverse scenario are consistently among the best in the peer group. As we assess the current environment with respect to the credit impact. We've tried to be conservative and you can see this in the level of provisioning and our allowance for credit losses.We're taking a similar conservative view, conservative approach to capital. Our capital ratios are strong. We intend to maintain high capital ratios as a source of strength to support our customers' needs and to be positioned to take advantage of growth opportunities.With that let me turn it over to Zach.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks Steve, and good morning everyone. Slide 4, provides the highlights for the 2020 first quarter. Clearly, results were significantly impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. While our underlying earnings momentum was strong, first quarter results included provision for credit losses of $441 million over 3.5 times net charge offs recognized during the quarter.This was driven by the severely weakened economic outlook compared to the fourth quarter of 2019. Rich will go into more detail regarding the drivers of the increase in our provision shortly, but now let's turn to Slide 5 to review our pretax pre-provisioned earnings.Year-over-year pretax pre-provision earnings growth was 2%. We believe this is strong performance in light of the challenges of the interest rate environment and the rapid decline in short-term rates year-to-date.Total revenue increased 1% versus the year ago quarter as growth in fee income more than offset modest pressure on spread revenues, specifically robust mortgage banking income growth of 176% and 50% growth in capital markets fees drove the 42 million or 13% year-over-year growth in non-interest income.FTE net interest income decreased $33 million or 4% year-over-year as 25 basis points of NIM compression overwhelmed 3% growth in average earning assets. On a linked quarter basis the NIM expanded two basis points, as we continue to be pleased with the results of our hedging program and our diligent efforts to reduce our deposit costs.I would like to call your attention to two slides in the appendix that provide important additional information regarding our efforts in these two areas to support the margin.Slide 28 summarizes the hedging actions we've taken to reduce the unfavorable impacts of interest rate volatility and lower interest rate environment. We continuously monitor and prudently refine our interest rate risk management as the interest rate environment, balance sheet mix and other factors necessitate.Slide 29 provides an update on the reduction in deposit costs as CDs and money market promotional rates repriced lower and we actively managed commercial deposit costs. The slides illustrates the downward trajectory of our total interest bearing deposit costs by month since July, 2019, including a 21 basis point decline from February to March. We expect this downward trend to continue given the deposit repricing opportunities that remain in 2020.Total expenses were essentially unchanged from the year-ago quarter. This expense discipline reflects the actions we took in the 2019 fourth quarter to reduce our overhead expense run rate, including the reduction of 200 positions and the closure of 30 in-store branches, as well as actions we took during Q1 to quickly react to the current environment, balanced against the impact of continued investment in our technology capabilities.During the quarter, we began the first steps of a multipart expense management plan for 2020, which provided some benefit in the quarter by reducing the most immediately flexible expense lines.I will provide more details on this later. Finally, I would like to note that the normal slides detailing comparisons for our net interest, income and interest margin, fee income and non-interest expense can be found in the appendix.Turning to Slide 6, average earning assets increased to $2.6 billion or 3% compared to the year ago quarter. Average total security's increased 5% from the year ago quarter, reflecting portfolio growth and the mark-to-market on our available for sale securities. We are no longer reinvesting securities cash flows and is that are using this liquidity to fund loan growth.Average loans and leases increased, $900 million or 1% year-over-year, primarily driven by the consumer portfolio. Consumer loan growth remained focused on the residential mortgage portfolio reflecting the robust originations of the past four quarters. Average commercial and industrial loans increased 1% from the year-ago, quarter as commercial activity was restrained by economic uncertainty during the first two months of the quarter.However, on a linked quarter basis, you saw end of period CNI loans grow 7% reflecting significant drawdown activity on credit lines. During March, we saw $2.5 billion of commercial credit lines. While we've seen draw activity continue in the first weeks of April with other $700 million drawn through April 15, the pace has started to slow significantly.It is uncertain how long customers will retain these funds as extra liquidity and a backstop against ongoing disruption in the credit markets. We continue to actively manage our commercial real estate portfolio around current levels with average CRE loans reflecting a 2% year-over-year decrease.Turning now to Slide 7, average core deposits increased 1% year-over-year. Note that this growth rate was negatively impacted by the June, 2019 sale of the Wisconsin retail branch network, which included approximately $725 million or almost 1% of core deposits. While linked quarter basis end of period total deposits increased 5% reflecting the aforementioned draws of commercial lines that were subsequently maintained on the balance sheet in various commercial deposit products.Importantly, the amount of commercial deposit inflows over the past several weeks has essentially matched the amount of commercial line draws, allowing us to maintain excess liquidity to meet future customer lending needs. We continue to see a migration in deposit balances from CDs and savings into money market accounts reflecting, shifting customer preferences and a shift in the focus of our promotional pricing.Average money market deposits increased 8% year-over-year, while savings decreased to 7% and core CDs decreased 35%. We expect this dynamic to continue through 2020. Average interest bearing DDA deposits increased 7% year-over-year. While non-interest bearing DDA increased 1%.I showed on Slide 36 in the appendix, we are very pleased that our consumer non-interest bearing deposits increased 5% year-over-year. This growth highlights our continued focus on new customer acquisition and relationship deepening.Slide 8, illustrates the continued strength of our capital ratios, the common equity tier one ratio or CET1 ended the quarter at 9.47%, down 37 basis points year-over-year. The tangible common equity ratio or TCE ended the quarter at 7.52% down five basis points from a year ago.During the first quarter through mid-March, we repurchased 7.1 million common shares at an average cost of $12.38 per share or a total of $88 million. When the COVID-19 pandemic first started to impact the U.S., we paused our buyback for the remainder of the first quarter. We do not currently intend to repurchase any shares for the balance of 2020. This morning, we announced the Board declared the second quarter cash dividend of $0.15 per common share, unchanged from the prior quarter. We expect to sustain the dividend at this level.During periods of macro stress and market volatility, managing liquidity is paramount. Our position of strength and liquidity draws its foundation from our deposit base and the depth of our relationship with our customers. A ratio of loans to deposits stable at 90%. In addition, we have considerable additional sources of liquidity, including our portfolio of liquid securities and borrowing capacity at the Federal Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve discount window.Slide 9 highlights our relative capital strength. Over the past few years, we have maintained our capital position and are now in the top third of regional banking peers on total risk-based capital. Our dividend yield is also in the high end of the peer group.Let me now turn it over to Rich to cover credit, including CECL. Rich?
Rich Pohle: Thanks, Zach. Before I provide details on the performance of the first quarter, I wanted to elaborate on the comments Steve touched on at the beginning of the call. Slide 10 details some of these decisions we have made and credit risk management enhancements we have implemented.In 2017, we heightened our underwriting standards for leverage lending. Since we drafted our leverage lending policy in 2015, we have used a conservative senior leverage multiple of 2.5 times to qualify as a leverage loan for our borrowers with less than $500 million of revenues. Also in 2017, we began leveraging the underwriting infrastructure and standards of our auto finance business, the RV and marine portfolio that was expanded through the FirstMerit acquisition. We call that our indirect auto and floorplan dealer  dealer floorplan portfolios are among the best-performing in defense.We've prepared for the eventual economic downturn, we adjusted our healthcare portfolio by curtailing new construction originations in the long-term care segment. Our healthcare construction portfolio is now down 60% from where it was in 2016.Over the past couple of years, we have continued to refine our credit underwriting, consistent with our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite. We have increased FICO score cuts across our HELOC and Herman Green books and held our commercial businesses to higher standards with respect to credit policy exceptions. So we enter the current credit environment with a portfolio that has been continually fine-tuned over the last several years.Slide 11 illustrates the relative rankings of model cumulative loan losses for Huntington and our peers and the Federal Reserve's severely adverse scenarios of the DFAST exercise. As Steve has mentioned over time, this is the only true comparison of credit risk across the sector that we know of, and it provides us independent validation of the credit risk management we have implemented. We like that our portfolio is evenly split between consumer and commercial businesses. It gives us nice diversification in periods of stress, and our DFAST numbers reflect as much. Still the aforementioned steps have strengthened the quality of our loan portfolios.Turning now to the first quarter credit results and metrics. Slide 12 provides a walk of our allowance for credit losses or ACL, following the adoption of CECL on January 1, 2020, and the first quarters provision. The ACL increased to 2.05% of total loans, up from 1.18% at 2019 year-end. The increase was comprised of the $393 million day one adjustment and a $323 million reserve build in day two provisioning during the first quarter. As you recall, the day one increase was a function of our 50% weighting in the consumer portfolio, which has a much longer weighted-average life and therefore, a larger lifetime loss under CECL.For the quarter, our reserve build consisted of a $258 million increase due primarily to the ongoing economic uncertainty and a $65 million net increase in our specific reserves, almost exclusively against our oil and gas portfolio. The Q1 ACL now includes a 20% reserve against our oil and gas portfolio. For multiple data points we use to size the adjustment we made in Q1, including the Moody's baseline scenario that showed unemployment rising to near 9% and GDP levels falling by 18% in Q2 and different levels of recovery in subsequent quarters. We also weigh the unprecedented level of government stimulus, both to consumers as well as businesses and the potential support to the economy it will provide. These factors drove our Q1 provision.The more recent April economic models now show further deterioration with unemployment reaching 12.5% and GDP falling by 30% in Q2, and an improvement in Q3 that provides less of a net recovery than the March base case showed. We will continue to evaluate data points like these as we size our provision expense for the second quarter.Slide 13 shows our NPAs and TDRs and demonstrates the impact that our oil and gas portfolio has had on our overall level of NPAs. We have discussed for several quarters the challenges that we see with this portfolio and have been proactive in recognizing the earnings impact we anticipate as commodity prices continue to range below economical levels for this industry. Oil and gas NPAs represent just under half of our commercial NPAs and one-third of our overall NPAs. They are also a significant contributor to our Q1 NPA increase. Notably, over 90% from a dollar standpoint of these NPAs remain current with respect to principal and interest payments. Outside of our oil and gas portfolio, commercial NPAs were reduced in the first quarter by $65 million.Slide 14 demonstrates that we have a fairly modest exposure to some of the areas that have been hardest hit by COVID-19 to date. We have recently completed deep dive since nearly all these portfolios and are comfortable with our team's assessment of the current situation. Our restaurant exposure is primarily national quick service brands that have maintained drive up operations and our sandwich and pizza chain customers have been opened for takeout service to offset the declines in-house people.Slide 15 details our leveraged lending portfolio. Our conservative definition uses 2.5 times senior leverage for borrowers with under $500 million of revenues to account for heightened risks in leveraging smaller companies. Our leveraged loan book represents under 4% of our total loans and as a percentage of capital, is at its lowest point in several years. We focus on borrowers that are weighted to our manufacturers as opposed to service and other asset-light borrowers. They tend to provide more collateral.Within the manufacturing segment of our leverage lending book, there are no subsegments that account for more than 20%. We've deliberately avoided covenant-light term loan-B structures because to play in that market generally requires providing an understructured parry pursue revolving credit commitment as well. That revolver is typically undrawn at closing but represents potential contingent risk in a down cycle. We hold regular reviews of this portfolio and underwriting follows a consistent corporate process with a designated leverage lending credit executive responsible for its review.Slide 16 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 62 basis points of average loans and leases in the current quarter, up from 39 basis points in the prior quarter and up from 38 basis points in the year ago quarter. The increase was centered on the oil and gas portfolio and one large coal-related commercial credit, which together made up approximately three-fourth of the total commercial net charge-offs. The oil and gas portfolio continues to be impacted by low commodity prices and limited capital markets activity. As I mentioned earlier, we have allocated significant reserves against this portfolio.Annualized net charge-offs, excluding oil and gas and coal-related losses were 30 basis points, demonstrating that the balance of our portfolio performed well in Q1. Our remaining coal exposure is under $200 million, of which 20% carries an investment-grade guarantee.Non-performing asset ratio increased 9 basis points linked quarter and 14 basis points year-over-year to 75 basis points due to the oil and gas impact I described earlier. Consumer charge-offs were down to 35 basis points in Q1 as compared to 41 basis points a year ago, demonstrating our continued strong consumer portfolio. As always, we have provided additional granularity by portfolio in the analyst package in the slides.Let me turn it back over to Zach.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you, Rich. As Steve mentioned earlier, we have withdrawn our 2020 full year guidance. Historically, we have refrained from providing quarterly guidance as it implies a much shorter time horizon than we manage the company. That said, we want to provide you as much insight into key business trends as we can. So we will focus on where we can frame realistic expectations, therefore, Slide 17 provides comments on the second quarter.Starting with loans, the $3.2 billion of commercial line draws we saw in March and into early April, will drive average commercial loans 4% to 5% higher over the near term, excluding any impact of the $6 billion of SBA PPP loans and any additional SBA PPP loans made in the next phase. We currently expect the majority of commercial line draws to remain outstanding for the next several months. The duration of the PPP loans is uncertain, but we expect a large majority of them to be forgiven and to come off the sheet quickly.We expect consumer loans to be flat to modestly lower. The auto portfolio, and to a lesser extent, the RV/marine portfolio is expected to reduce as vehicle sales activity declines. We expect the pre-existing trend of runoff in home equity to continue, and we expect the residential mortgage portfolio to be flat to modestly higher in the second quarter, as a robust level of refinancing activity acts as a governor on growth.We expect average core deposits to increase 2% to 3% linked quarter. Similar to our expectations for commercial loans, we expect the recent influx of commercial deposits, again excluding the impact of PPP, to remain on the balance sheet through the second quarter. We expect average consumer core deposits to be flat to slightly higher as slowing customer deposit acquisition is offset by similar reductions in attrition given altered branch traffic and consumer behaviors. On the other hand, we expect the bulk of the proceeds of the PPP program will steadily flow out of the bank over the next eight weeks, consistent with the intent of the program. We do not expect deposit growth to fully fund loan growth in the second quarter.Moving to the income statement, provisioning is a key driver of variability in the Q2 earnings outlook, but revenue and non-interest expenses also have a wider than normal range of possible outcomes. We've modeled various realistic scenarios for the revenue and expense outlook, some of which provide the opportunity for us to achieve our annual goal of positive operating leverage and some of which do not.We continue to believe that positive operating leverage is an important part of our long-term value creation model, but we will not allow a short-term view of this one metric to dictate our decisions. We constantly strive to find the right balance between the short- and long-term results. Within these confines, we expect total revenue to decline 4% to 5% linked quarter as the larger average balance sheet is more than offset by moderate pressure on the organic NIM and the COVID-19 related declines in fee income.Customer activity based fee income lines, items, including deposit service charges, card and payment processing are all expected to be pressured. Mortgage banking is expected to remain robust, but historically wide secondary marketing spreads are expected to gradually reduce. All combined, our current expectations for fee income to be down approximately 10% sequentially.We have a little more control and less visibility into the expense outlook for the second quarter. We expect non-interest expenses to increase between 5% and 6% on a sequential basis, driven primarily by the CECL increase in compensation-related expense related to the annual ramp of long-term incentives and annual merit increases, partially offset by our expense reduction actions. On a year-over-year basis, expenses would be lower by 2%.We have begun a rigorous expense management plan. We entered 2020, like prior years, having constructed expense management contingency plans and when the challenges facing 2020 became clear, we began implementing these plans.Our approach is focused on four categories of expenses; discretionary expenses such as travel and sponsorships; investments, including marketing, the pacing and prioritization of digital and technology investments and planned business expansions; structural expenses, such as the size and composition of our branch network and corporate facilities infrastructure; and finally, organizational expenses, which include the size of the organization and compensation levels across the company. The actions we will take across these categories vary in terms of how quickly they can be implemented.The quickest expense levers we can pull are within discretionary spending. Our travel and entertainment spending has been reduced dramatically as a result of the lockdown in social distancing measures. We are also curtailing non-essential consulting and outside services expenses. In the investment category, given the macro environment depressing customer acquisition activities, we are prudently reducing near-term marketing expenses. We're also scrutinizing all pre-existing business expansion plans and have delayed some initiatives. However, we are maintaining our digital and mobile technology investments.While less immediate impact, the decisions regarding structural and organizational expenses will provide opportunities to reduce our future expense trajectory. We will not be providing details at this time regarding the ultimate scale or timing of our expense actions, but know that we are taking decisive action.Finally, the most uncertain item in the earnings outlook is credit provisioning. We currently expect net charge-offs in the second quarter to be near the high end of our average through the cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. This is reflective of the ongoing pressure in the oil and gas portfolio as well as broader economic considerations.Fundamentally, our credit remains sound. However, the economic outlook has continued to deteriorate since quarter end and remains highly uncertain. This will result in elevated provisioning and additional reserve building in the second quarter and most likely for the next several quarters. It is too much  is much too early to estimate the ultimate size of the additional reserve build, but you should expect us to remain conservative in our approach to credit risk management.I will now turn it over to Mark so we can get to your questions. Mark?
Mark Muth: Thanks, Zach. Sherry, we will now take questions. We ask, as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. If that person has any additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Erika Najarian: Hi. Good morning. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Hi. My first question is for Rich. I'm wondering if you could give us a sense on  of how your allowance was allocated by loan category, please.
Rich Pohle: Yes. By loan category, I mean, we've got  the consumer was about $144 million and commercial was $261 million to get to the 2.05% total allowance. That's the breakdown that we've got for that.
Erika Najarian: Got it.
Rich Pohle: I think, Erika, you have to  the challenge that we have with the allowance in this quarter is the models really weren't trained for this, right? And so we had the severe decline in the economic scenario and then the government stimulus that is forthcoming but really hasn't shown up yet at the end of the first quarter. So there's a lot of judgment that went into setting the provision this quarter or various economic models that came out throughout the month of March. We did look at a number of factors when we set the provisions. We believe that we've got the coverage ratio at the end of the quarter where we want them.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my follow-up question is, I appreciate the detail on reserves relative to DFAST losses. When I look at the fed-run tests and even your company-run tests from 2018, it seems like there's a pretty significant contribution still from commercial real estate. And I'm wondering, as we think about how future charge-offs in this type of recession can play out for Huntington, what are sort of model biases in the stress test model, and I guess, I'm leading the question a little bit by referring to commercial real estate, that might distort how we're thinking about what can actually be incurred in terms of charge-offs.In other words, is  what part of the stress test is very backward-looking in terms of historical losses in CRE? And what part of the stress tests, obviously, unemployment is one play, seems to be not severe enough?
Rich Pohle: So as it relates to  I think you hit the nail on the head, the DFAST numbers are backwards looking. So the fundamental change that has transpired over this company since the last downturn has been remarkable. And I would say that commercial real estate is probably the one area where we are so fundamentally different today than we were going back. I mean we had close to 5,000 customers on the commercial real estate side going into the last downturn. We have about 300 today. So there's a clear focus on Tier-1 sponsors, Tier-2 sponsors, institutional sponsors.And so we're really focused on knowing the developer in not only the projects that we're financing but the projects that might be financed somewhere else to make sure that we're not overextended there. We also  from a percentage of capital standpoint, we're over 200% of capital going into the last downturn. We're under 100% of capital today and with very strict limits on various supplements within the commercial real estate space. So I think that's the biggest one.As it relates to some of the other things, clearly, unemployment is going to be a big driver of losses on the consumer side. I think the DFAST results there have been very consistent over time, and our consumer charge-offs in the DFAST scenarios have been at the top of our peer group. So I feel very good about where we stand in a lot of the consumer categories relative to the DFAST results from 2020.
Steve Steinour: Erika, I might add. This is Steve. The joblessness or unemployment levels in Ohio and Michigan were double digit when we made the changes to the consumer lending policies, and the models that we have used subsequently have that base in them. So I think 10.3% in Ohio and 14-and-a-fraction percent in Michigan. So that has drove us to a super prime level of origination. We use our prop score, but the equivalent FICOs you've seen quarterly for 10 years, and we will attack the book.So we believe we've got a very sound consumer loan portfolio and the performance expectations around that will be, we believe, supported through this cycle, notwithstanding higher unemployment and somewhat higher losses. And we've been talking for several quarters about oil and gas as an outsized exposure for us in terms of risk of loss, clearly outside of our aggregate moderate-to-low appetite. And we've also shared that we expect to address that substantially early this year, having started to do that last year.So these are all  these oil and gas credits are all SNCCs. Our losses from what we can tell are coming  we're taking earlier than  certainly earlier than required, including the non-accrual decisions. And I think we're frankly going to be slightly ahead or ahead of others in the industry in that regard.
Erika Najarian: Thank you, Steve.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Siefers with Piper Sandler. Please proceed.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Great. I was hoping for maybe a little more detail on the overall modifications and deferrals. Definitely get the number of customers, but maybe if there are some dollars of total modifications in both the consumer and commercial portfolios?
Rich Pohle: I'm happy to answer that for you, Scott. It's Rich. Yes, on the consumer side, it's about $2 billion of deferrals that we've processed. We also have made some deferrals for some of the mortgages that we're servicing agent on. But for our book, it's about $2 billion. On the commercial side, it's about $6 billion, but I would say half of that is in our auto floorplan dealerships, and we're counting the curtailments in that number. And most of what we're doing in the auto floorplan space is more curtailment than payment deferral. Clearly, we need the cars to be on the lots a little bit longer than they have been historically, just given the current environment.So if you  digging into some of the other areas where we've provided deferrals on the commercial real estate and the hospitality space, and retail is one other area on the commercial side. And then in the franchise restaurant space, we've also been active with deferrals.
Scott Siefers: Okay. That's perfect. Thank you. And then just on sort of those latter points you made. Maybe if we exclude the floorplan because that makes plenty of sense logically, but in the remaining commercial deferrals, do you have a sense for how much of those deferrals, you would say, are kind of necessary or needed versus how much is customers sort of taking advantage of kind of insurance in this environment?
Rich Pohle: I would say that the commercial real estate deferrals are needed for the most part. The hotel occupancy rates, given where they are, I felt like I was the only one in the hotel I was at last night. So I think anecdotally, that's a need. I think the cash crunch in commercial real estate is real.We generally did not have a high bar on proving that you needed it. Part of our looking out for customers is being there when they need us. And so our thought was if you're asking for a deferral, we're generally going to give it to you, but I haven't come back and scientifically determined who really needed it and who didn't. I would just point that commercial real estate is probably the area that needed it most.
Scott Siefers: Yes.
Steve Steinour: And of the $6 billion floorplan was  I mean $3 billion of the $6 billion, Scott. So  and many of the showrooms just frankly aren't open, so understandable there.
Scott Siefers: Yes.
Steve Steinour: We take a slightly different view on the consumer side, just to share with you. We actually  the fact that they've asked for deferrals, we take it as a good sign that they intend to stay in the residents or keep the car or other things. With the rapid increase in unemployment, these indications are actually positive from our perspective versus 2008, 2009 when it was hard to communicate with customers. They tended to let houses go. I think the nature of this health crisis will be much more likelihood to protect the house than we would've seen in that prior cycle.
Scott Siefers: Yes. Okay.
Rich Pohle: The other thing I just point you to is at the time of the deferral, 98% of our consumer and even a higher number of our commercial customers were current. So it wasn't as though this was kind of the delinquent customers reaching out for our help. These are good customers that needed the assistance.
Scott Siefers: Yes. Okay. Thank you, guys, very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: I appreciate the color you just gave regarding the prior  the stress test and the changes in your business mix over time, and how that can impact your through-cycle losses. I was just wondering if you could maybe, therefore, help us think about what a fair through-cycle loss level would be, given your current mix and given what you're looking at now in terms of your assessment of the economic outlook? I know it's tough, but we want to try to get a better idea of what we're looking at.And then separately, I know on Slide 11, you point to the reserve being 42% of the 2018 to really adverse DFAST, but you also indicated that the April data is pointing to  or did point to worsening. What do you think the incremental reserve additions could go to here? Where do you think an appropriate relative percentage of DFAST is likely fair here? Thanks.
Rich Pohle: Hey, John, I'm going to be challenged to answer both of your questions. And I think as it relates through-the-cycle losses, I think the challenge that we all face is just the uncertainty that we're dealing with right now as to how long this is going to last and what the new behaviors are coming out of this. We feel good about the book going into it. On the consumer side, we  very good credit quality there. We have pointed out on the commercial side that we're going to have likely elevated charge-offs in oil and gas. Beyond that, it's really hard to come up with a forecast for charge-offs through the cycle here.
Steve Steinour: So John, we're hoping to get a better view this quarter if this return-to-work status changes. Right now, next week, Ohio looks like it's going to implement on May 1. Michigan, following that, middle of May. And as these industries start spooling up again, we'll get a better sense of what the recovery might look like. But I think this is going to be dynamic, and best case would be to have a view of this quarter. I think it's more likely going to be third or fourth quarter before we really understand what the growth rates could be to come off what will be this very challenging moment of time and the sustainability of these businesses, and ultimately, how they're going to repay us.
Rich Pohle: Yes. So as it relates to what you might see in the second quarter, we're clearly going to probably snap that line at the end of the quarter. We'll take a look at all the new scenarios, we'll look at the impact of the stimulus. Like I mentioned, a lot of that is just kind of reaching the businesses and customers now. There'll be a lot more data that we'll have at the end of the second quarter to decide what the provision expense would be for the quarter. It's going to be just really tough to estimate that right now.
John Pancari: Okay. That's helpful. Thanks for the color. And then you indicated, Zach, in your prepared remarks that you expect to sustain the dividend. Can you just give us your thought process around that? And does that incorporate the updated data that you see coming in now post the quarter? And just your thought process around the sustainability. Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Our intention is to maintain the dividend at the current level. We think that we've got the right capital levels to support that, and we'll continue to monitor it and model, but we think it's the appropriate and sustainable level for now.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you.
Zach Wasserman: Welcome. Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Steven Alexopoulos: Good morning, everyone.
Steve Steinour: Hey, Steve.
Steven Alexopoulos: So to start, just to follow-up on Erika's and John's question around DFAST. I think what a lot of us are struggling with is that when we look at CECL, it's supposed to look at lifetime losses. The global economy is basically shut down. And I think we're trying to understand, if you look at that framework and you're coming up with a reserve that's only 40% of DFAST losses, it seems really low. And I think we're trying to get at isn't a large reserve build again coming? Like how do we reconcile the framework of what's going on in the economy and the size of the reserve versus your own internal stress tests?
Rich Pohle: Steve its Rich. I think think DFAST and CECL are really two different exercises. You can try to link them together, but there are fundamental differences in the assumptions for each. The DFAST scenario, the severely adverse is a deep scenario that continues for an extended period of time, and it also assumes that you're continuing to make loans during that period. There are all sorts of dynamics that go into that. CECL on the other hand is you're looking at something that is reasonable, supportable over a period of time that eventually returns to the mean. And so you're running in a scenario that we'll have a two or three year life and then there's a reversion to the mean on that. And it's also assuming you don't make another loan.So while I think the CECL to DFAST comparison is a good data point. I also don't think you can necessarily draw too much from it, conclusion wise.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, thats fair. And just for a follow-up, so if we look at Slide 14, the COVID-impacted sectors, I'm surprised you're not calling out some of your auto exposures, I think about floorplan or RV. Are you not expecting to see material decline in revenues for these sectors, right particularly auto.
Zach Wasserman: Yes. I mean we've talked about auto. We feel that there is going to be a short-term impact to auto. We don't necessarily think it's going to fall under the same category as hotels and some of the other areas where it could just be a protracted longer impact. I think, ultimately, people are going to get out and buy cars, probably at a reduced level. But we don't see the impact to auto and, to a lesser extent, RV that we do with some of the other ones that we've got in here.
Steve Steinour: The floorplan, Steven, are to dealers that have multiple flags. In the 2008, 2009, 2010 cycle, we didn't have a delinquency. The strategy is consistent. These are very strong, typically multi-generation family dealerships that have enormous wealth created over that time and dealers that we believe will be very supportive to the extent they need to. Part of our underwriting also looks at coverage ratio service and parts to fix charge, and most of these are really strong in that regard.
Rich Pohle: Just a piggyback on that  obviously, we did do a deep dive on the auto portfolio, even though it's not listed here. And from a liquidity standpoint, we feel the book is in very good shape.
Steve Steinour: We didn't have a charge-off in auto within, don't know, two decades in what we've originated, and we certainly have a lot of conviction going forward in the quality of that book.
Steven Alexopoulos: Fair enough, thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ken Zerbe: Hey, thanks. I guess just a real quick question, in terms of the energy portfolio, I heard  if I heard correctly, it was a 20% reserve you have against this portfolio. There's other banks that we heard, like yesterday, has just over a 2% reserve in their energy portfolio. Can you just talk about the characteristics of your energy loans and how it might be different from some of the other banks that you would need such a materially higher reserve on this portfolio? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Ken, well, as we all know, these are all SNCCs. So there's good company in the credits that we're in. So I don't know that it's necessarily so much that our portfolio is any worse off than others. I think as Steve has mentioned, we've been very proactive in recognizing the risks that we see in this book, and we have taken losses in this book over the last five quarters that are pretty significant. And it's reasonable to assume that we're going to have further losses.So when you see the headlines around the big banks starting to form SPEs to take ownership of these credits rather than go through a liquidation process, I think it tells you where the industry is heading in terms of dealing with troubled situations here. So we looked at our book, and we feel that the long-term fundamentals, particularly for natural gas are still not strong. And I think we've sized the reserve around this, taking into account where we see long term prices, not so much on where they are today but longer term.And just the fact that there is a lack of capital markets activity in this space right now is completely different than what transpired in the last downturn. So we think it's appropriate to put higher levels of reserves here, and we'll continue to review it as we go through the spring borrowing base redeterminations and kind of size that reserve going forward.
Steve Steinour: And we think this is much more like the early mid-'80s where beginning with Penn Square in 1983, the industry got clobbered and stayed in a tough shape for four or five years. And so we're just trying to be realistic with that view as to what we think the likely outcomes are for this portfolio. And certainly, we've seen subsequent price deterioration as a result of OPEC and Russian issues on the oil side. There's some spillover that's benefited gas in the short term, but these are going to be longer-term workouts. You're going to see a lot of these companies combined. We do think the SPE is the way to go, as we did in the mid-80s.I happen to have direct experience with this in that time frame, and it leads me and, I think, us as a consequence to be clear-eyed about what to expect in the future. And perhaps a bit conservative relative to some others, but we'll see that over time.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Okay, thats helpful. And then just my follow-up question. If I heard right, I think you said you expected elevated provisions for the next several quarters. Can you just talk more  it's more of a conceptual question. But as I guess  we would think that CECL should clearly front-end load a lot of the provision expense, but I get there's a lot of uncertainty out there. Can you just talk about that dynamic, which is how much can you really front load for your reserve build versus like when we get to, say, fourth quarter, are you still maintaining a really high reserve even if  and provision expense even if the economy is not weakening at that point? It seems that provision should be a lot lower by fourth quarter, if I'm not mistaken.
Zach Wasserman: The whole concept around CECL is that you are recognizing the losses today on the book that you have today, right? So in a perfect world, if you had perfect foresight into what the economic variables were and they didn't change, you wouldn't have to make any further adjustments. But clearly, we're in a very dynamic market where the economic assumptions that we have to use for the life of a loan are going to materially change over the next several quarters, and that's what's going to drive the additions, or down the road, hopefully, the release of reserves under the CECL methodology.
Steve Steinour: I think, Ken, it's  we're in a downdraft moment. But as we reopen in these different states, we'll start to get a floor and stabilization and the resiliency and recovery. And that could very well happen in the time frames you mentioned based on the fiscal stimulus. We'll be part of that, the banking industry, Huntington will as well. And for the sake of the country, it's great to see the industry in such good shape.So I think we've got a moment here, a quarter or so, a couple of quarters, where things are a bit uncertain, but I think the picture will clarify in the foreseeable future. And that clarity will give us the basis to have more confidence in projections and sharing those with you collectively. And I think it will lead us to a position where having been intentionally conservative will see a better day on the horizon where I hope there'll be some reserve recovery.
Ken Zerbe: Alright, great thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks a lot guys. One question on the capital front. So you're right in the middle of that 9.5% CET1, 9% to 10% zone that you enjoy. Do you want to try to stay around that? And also, how does TCE, if at all, come into your thought process around maintaining capital ratios?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, this is Zach, I will take this one. So our CET1 for Q1 ended at just about 9.5%. Our goal was to be in the high end of the 9%to 10% range over time. And I would expect continued growth in capital towards the year-end, that's the plan and intention at this point. I think the fact that we mentioned we paused on share repurchases for the time being and for the foreseeable future will be a major driver of that. And we continue to model, as you might imagine, the numerable scenarios around where the year could play out here. But the expectation is sort of continually rising towards the year-end.So it high end of the potential range. So it on CET1, You talked about TCE. TCE ended at just about 7.5%. I think that 7.52%. And likewise, our goal was to be in the somewhat higher than that level. So I expect that ratio to trend higher throughout the year as well. We think about both of the metrics, to be honest. We look at both of them just as much internally as each other. And CET1 is a critical regulatory measure. It's also very comparable across banks. And so it's helpful, I think, for us and for you to understand the relative position. TCE is a key governor, though, as well.And particularly in the last downturn when capital was precious, that measure loomed large. And so we're conscious that both matter, and we factor both into our decisions. I think that said, as I look at the trajectory in both of them, they're pretty similar shapes. And I would expect both to be rising modestly toward the back half of this year.
Ken Usdin: Okay, got it. And just a follow-up on the auto and RV/Marine side. Just in terms of the growth outlook, you generally mentioned it in terms of your outlook on the consumer side. And we noticed that the loan originations in the first quarter $1.6 billion in auto, probably the lowest we've seen in a long time. Do you have a way of helping us understand given the uncertainly, albeit, just what you expect volume growth to traject like in auto and RV/Marine?
Zach Wasserman: I mean we really don't have a great view on it kind of longer term in the year. That's why we tried to realistically give you what Q2 will look like. And we do expect a continued modest downdrafts in auto, just given the dynamics we've been talking about before about auto dealerships being largely shuttered and therefore, sales activity being lower. It really will depend on the pace of the recovery and what it looks like to see to what degree we start to see regrowth sequentially quarter-to-quarter in the back half of the year.From a RV/Marine perspective, I think we're expecting less downdraft because that portfolio was always very, very super prime, very focused on the regions where that was a key lifestyle purchase for people, and it's a relatively smaller book, too. So I think probably expect more flattish to down-ish there, but we're also watching that pretty carefully. I think you didn't ask, but on the residential mortgage side, we expect continued robust demand, as you might expect, and essentially pretty flat growth there, just given that demand offsetting portfolio runoff as we redo their mortgages off us.
Ken Usdin: Got it. Appreciate it Zach, thank you.
Operator: We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: Thank you all. We've talked a lot today about the pandemic. We reviewed the resulting economic challenges. Perhaps most importantly, what we don't know yet. So I'd like to ask you to take a step back, and I'll offer you some perspective. Having been in this industry for four decades, I've seen uncertainty before. And while this pandemic and the elevated concern it brings is very different than any prior periods in my career, we will get through this as a country. The one thing we know from history is Americans are resilient at the core. We as a nation, I believe, have much better days ahead. We're going to learn and adapt, as we have in the past, and build stronger, more nimble organizations as a result. This will be a time of change and innovation resulting in growth, and I believe Huntington is well positioned to move forward. We will emerge stronger and better as a result of the hard work of our colleagues and their concern for our customers. Their commitment can be clearly seen in the way they quickly reoriented to new working arrangements, responded to customer needs and, of course, helped the businesses in our local communities through the SBA PPP program. Their unwavering commitment to our purpose has been inspiring, and I'm proud of what our colleagues stand for and the ways they've looked out for our customers.As I reminded you frequently in the past, our colleagues, along with our Board, are among the largest shareholders of Huntington, collectively among the 10 largest. This is  the challenges we face today are exactly why we changed our compensation plans in 2010 to make sure we are aligned with long-term shareholders. Preparing for times like this is also why we took actions enumerated on Slide 10, amongst others, to position Huntington to outperform through this cycle.I remain confident about our long-term prospects as we manage through this challenging environment. With that, I want to thank you very much for your interest in Huntington. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.
Mark Muth: Thank you. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our Web site, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded, and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call.Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Zach Wasserman, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer. As noted on slide two, today's discussion, including the Q&A period will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time, and are subject to changes, risks, and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, and the material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings.Let me now turn it over to Steve, who will start on slide three.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Mark, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. We're pleased with our full-year 2019 results and the continued momentum across the bank, despite a challenging operating environment.For the full-year, we reported earnings per common share of $1.27, an increase of 6% over 2018. Return on average assets for 2019 was 1.3%. Return on average common equity was 13%, and return on average tangible common equity was 17%. The bank achieved record net income for the fifth consecutive year and positive operating leverage on an adjusted basis for the seventh consecutive year. Our balance sheet is very well-positioned with robust capital and liquidity, and our comprehensive hedging strategy has reduced interest rate risk. Credit quality remains strong with 2019 net charge-offs at the low-end of our average through the cycle target range. We remain prudent with our allocation of capital to ensure we are earning adequate returns and taking appropriate risks, consistent with our aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile. 2019 marked the ninth consecutive year of an increased cash dividend, coupling the dividend with $441 million of share repurchases during the year. We returned over $1 billion to our shareholders in 2019, which represented a total payout ratio of 79%.As we previously communicated on many instances, our capital priorities are first to fund organic growth, second, to support the cash dividends, and finally, all other capital uses including the buyback and selective acquisitions. These capital priorities have not changed.Now, moving to the economy, we continue to see growth and our expectation for 2020 is for continued expansion. Consumers continue to perform well across our footprint with strong labor markets driving wage inflation. In the 12 months ending November 2019, unemployment rates declined or remain the same in 17 of the 20 largest MSAs in Huntington's footprint states. Job openings continue to exceed unemployment levels in the Midwest. Home prices continue to appreciate with especially solid increases in Michigan, Indiana, and Ohio. Additionally, consumer confidence in our region has generally stayed at the highest levels since 2000. The positive consumer sentiment is evident in the success of our consumer lending businesses. Our home lending business achieved record mortgage originations for both full-year 2019 and the 2019 fourth quarter. Our auto finance business also achieved record originations in the fourth quarter, and we expect another good year in 2020 for our consumer lending businesses, again driven primarily by residential mortgage and auto finance.Now, we have seen a slowdown in commercial loan activity consistent with the measured tone from some of our commercial customers. Economic uncertainty along with tight labor markets remain headwinds for more robust economic growth in our footprint. Overall, Huntington is performing well with disciplined organic growth. Our customers are generally confident about their performance for 2020, and we share that confidence in our performance. We continue to see good traction in our new specialty lending verticals of mid-corporate lending, technology, media and telecom, our practice finance area, which we announced as part of the 2018 strategic plan.Looking out to 2020, we proactively took actions in the fourth quarter to drive organic revenue growth, reduce our future expense growth, and increase our capacity for additional investment in our businesses and technology. We reposition $2 billion of securities picking up approximately 70 basis points of yield on those securities. The rebalance resulted in $22 million of security losses in the fourth quarter.On the expense side, we completed the position reduction of employees and announced the consolidation of 30 in-store branches, and these actions along with the disposition of other properties and a technology system decommission resulted in unusual expense of approximately $25 million in the quarter. Our disciplined expense management allows for further investment in digital and mobile technology, and enterprise growth initiatives going forward. I'm confident in our positioning entering 2020, and our colleagues are focused and executing our plans. We are all aligned with our strategies of creating a high-performing regional bank and delivering top quartile through the cycle shareholder returns.Zach will now provide an overview of our financial performance. Zach?
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Steve, and good morning everybody. It's a pleasure to be with you here on my first earnings call with Huntington. Slides four and five provide highlights of our full-year 2019 and fourth quarter 2019 results respectively, many of which Steve already touched on. Fourth quarter results include approximately $47 million of pre-tax impact, or approximately $0.03 per share after-tax from previously announced actions that were taken to better position the bank for 2020, including the securities repositioning, workforce actions, and the pending in-store branch closures.Let's turn to slide six to discuss the key fundamental drivers behind the financial performance for the quarter. Average earning assets increased $2.3 billion, or 2%, compared to the year ago quarter. Average loans and leases increased $1.3 billion, or 2% year-over-year with balanced consumer and commercial loan growth. Average commercial and industrial loans increased 3% from the year ago quarter, and reflected the largest component of our year-over-year loan growth. C&I loan growth has been well-diversified over the past year with notable growth in specialty banking, asset finance, and corporate banking. Our fourth quarter commercial loan growth was below our expectations. As a portion of yields we expected to close at the end of the year were pushed into 2020 and seasonal declines in line utilization at year-end were larger than normal. Overall commercial activity continues to be restrained by economic uncertainty.We continue to actively manage our commercial real estate portfolio around current levels with average CRE loans reflecting a 2% year-over-year decrease, driven by pay downs and refinancing activity. Consumer loan growth remained focused in the residential mortgage portfolio, reflecting robust origination in the second-half of 2019. Average residential mortgage loans increased 7% year-over-year. As we typically do, we sold the agency-qualified mortgage production in the quarter and retain jumbo mortgages and specialty mortgage products.Now, turning to slide seven, average total deposits decreased less than 1% year-over-year, while average core deposits increased 1% year-over-year. Note that both of these growth rates were negatively impacted by the June 2019 sale of the Wisconsin Retail Branch Network, including approximately $725 million or almost 1% of core deposits. We continue to see a migration in deposit balances from CDs and savings into money market accounts, reflecting shifting customer preferences, and where we are focused on promotional pricing. Average money market deposits increased 9% year-over-year, while savings decreased 9%, and core CDs decreased 16%. We expect this dynamic to continue in 2020. Average non-interest bearing and interest bearing DDA accounts, each increased 1% year-over-year. As shown on slide 32 in the appendix, we're very pleased that our commercial non-interest bearing deposit increased 5% year-over-year on the quarter. This growth highlights our continued focus on growing our low cost deposit base through new customer acquisition and relationship deepening.Moving now to slide eight, FTE net interest income decreased $55 million or 7% versus a year ago quarter, primarily driven by the 29 basis point decline in net interest margin partially offset by 2% increase in average earning assets. Net interest margin was 3.12% for the quarter, down 29 basis points from the year ago quarter, down eight basis points link quarter. And in line with the guidance we provided the Goldman Sachs conference in December.Moving to slide nine, our core net interest margin for the fourth quarter was 3.08%, down 26 basis points from the year ago quarter. Purchase accounting accretion have contributed four basis points to the net interest margin in the current quarter, compared to seven basis points in the year ago quarter. Slide 28 in the appendix provides information regarding the actual and scheduled impact of first merit purchase accounting for 2019 and 2020. Please note that this quarter is the last quarter we intend to write core NIM and PAA breakouts, as the PAA is expected to have a relatively immaterial impact in 2020.Turning to asset to earning asset yield, our commercial loan yields decreased 52 basis points year-over-year, consumer loan yields decreased eight basis points and security yields decreased 16 basis points. The decrease in our earning asset yields can be primarily attributed to lower interest rates following the three Federal Reserve rate reductions that occurred during 2019. On the funding side of the balance sheet, our deposit costs continue to move lower. As CDs and money market promotional rates re-price lower, and we actively manage commercial deposit costs. Total interest bearing deposit costs of 87 basis points for the quarter were up 3% year-over-year. So down 11 basis points sequentially.Slide 10 summarizes the actions we've taken to reduce the unfavorable impacts of interest rate volatility and the lower interest rate environment. Our hedging strategies reduced the downside risk for lower interest rates and have significantly narrowed the band of modeled outcomes for net interest income. Our current interest rate risk modeling suggests little changed in interest income from either a 25 basis point increase, or 25 basis points decrease in 2020. We continuously monitor and will continue to prudently refine our interest rate risk management as the interest rate environment, balance sheet mix and other factors necessitate.The graphs on the bottom left of the slide detail the mix of our loan portfolio, as well as the significant consumer deposit balances with re-pricing events in the first-half of 2020. These re-pricing events provide an opportunity for the bank to reduce the cost of deposit, as these higher price CDs and promotional money market accounts re-price lower. Through December, the consumer deposit re-pricing activity is on track with our expectations. The success of our consumer depository pricing and retention has provided us the ability to remain more disciplined in our commercial deposit pricing, particularly among the highest cost deposits. The graph on the bottom right of the slide displays the impact of our actions. You can see the downward trajectory of our total interest bearing deposit costs by month since July. We expect this trend to continue given the significant deposit re-pricing opportunities that remain in the first-half of 2020.Turning to slide 11, you can see it provides the detail on our non-interest income, which increased 13% from the year ago quarter. The growth was highlighted by mortgage banking income, which increased 152%, primarily reflecting higher saleable origination volume and secondary market spreads, as well as a $12 million increase in the gain on net mortgage servicing rights risk management. We also continue to see steady growth in card and payment processing income, trust and investment management and insurance. In the 2019 fourth quarter, we repositioned $2 billion of securities picking up approximately 70 basis points of yield on those securities prospectively at a cost of $22 million in Q4, while negatively impacting four quarter results, the prospective earnings pick up and the earn back on the positioning losses are very attractive and consistent with our active management of the securities portfolio. The year ago quarter in 2018 included $19 million of securities losses from similar repositioning.Slide 12 provides the components of the 1% year-over-year decrease in non-interest expense. The 2019 fourth quarter included $25 million of expense related to the actions, which Steve discussed earlier, while the year ago quarter included $35 million of similar branch and facility consolidation-related expense. Adjusting for these items, non-interest expenses were essentially flat. We continue to drive efficiency in our core expense base to ensure robust and growing investment capacity to fuel our investments in digital, mobile and cyber technology enhance products and services and distribution capabilities. This disciplined expense management allowed us to achieve positive operating leverage on an adjusted basis for the seventh consecutive year.Slide 13 illustrates the continued strength in our capital ratios. The tangible common equity ratio or TCE ended the quarter at 7.88% up 67 basis points from year-ago and common equity Tier 1 ratio or CET-1 ended the quarter at 9.88% or 23 basis points year-over-year. We continue to manage CET-1 to the high-end of our 9% to 10% operating guidelines. During the fourth quarter of 2019, we repurchased 13.1 million common shares at an average cost of $14.96 per share or total of $196 million. We plan to use the share repurchased to manage our capital following the CECL implementation back to a CET-1 level near 10% by the end of 2020, excluding the benefit of the CECL transition provision provided by the federal reserve, we feel managing internally to a CET-1 level excluding the three year transition, reinforces our commitment to maintaining strong capital ratios which we see as a position of strength for the organization. As a result, we are currently planning to repurchase less than a third of the remaining $249 million of share repurchase capacity on our 2019 capital plan in the first-half of 2020.Now, let me turn it over to Rich to cover credit including CECL. Rich?
Rich Pohle: Thanks, Zach. Slide 14 provides an update on our CECL adoption. We estimate our allowance for credit losses or ACL will increase 44% from the year-end 2019 ACL to $1.28 billion or 1.70% of total loans and leases on an adjusted basis. As we stated on the third quarter call, given our 50% mix of relatively longer dated consumer loans, the CECL life time loss methodology results in a higher allowance than the prior methodology. The increase in reserves is largely related to the consumer loan portfolio. As we move forward into CECL it is a new accounting standard with many variables. Our day loans for credit losses will be determined using various models and incorporate multiple scenarios historical loss recovery rates, borrower characteristics and other factors. As a result, we expect more volatility in our quarterly provisioning expense. Our parallel testing however indicates that key factors being held constant the aggregate annual level of provision expense is not expected to materially change from the current incurred loss methodology despite that higher quarterly variability.Slide 15 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter despite challenges in our oil and gas portfolio, our credit metrics remain strong. As we have noted previously, some quarterly volatility is expected given the absolute low level of problem loans, consistent, prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntington's core principles and our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined approach to risk management and our aggregate, moderate to low risk appetite.Net charge-offs remain near the low end of our average through the cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points, net charge-offs represented an annualized 39 basis points of average loans and leases in the current quarter flat to the prior quarter and up from 27 basis points in the year-ago quarter. The increase was centered on the oil and gas portfolio which made up approximately half of the total commercial net charge-offs. This portfolio was primarily impacted by geological issues compounded by low commodity prices and limited capital activity.We have a relatively small oil and gas portfolio representing less than 2% of total loans and we believe we have appropriately reserved for. Consumer charge-offs have remained fairly consistent over the past year, there is additional granularity on charge-offs by portfolio in the analyst package on the slide. Annual net charge-offs excluding the $67 million of oil and gas related losses were 26 basis points and just 15 basis points for the commercial portfolio. The non-performing asset ratio increased two basis points linked quarter and 14 basis points year-over-year to 0.66% again primarily as a result of the stress in our oil and gas book. The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans remains relatively stable at 1.04% down one basis point versus the linked quarter.Let me turn it back over to Zach.
Zach Wasserman: Thanks, Rich. Slide 16 illustrates our expectations for full-year 2020. We expect 2020 to be another year of sustained organic growth as we continue to execute and invest in our core growth strategies. We expect full-year average loan growth in the range of 3% to 4% of continued growth in both consumer and commercial portfolios we expect growth to be modestly stronger on the consumer side focused in home lending and auto finance; we expect slightly more measured commercial loan growth consistent with recent economic data.Full-year average deposit growth is expected to be approximately 3% to 4% as we remain focused on acquiring or checking accounts and deepening customer relationships. Specifically our expectation entails continued decline CDs more than offset by growth in checking and money markets. We expect full-year total revenue growth of 1.5% to 3.5% on a GAAP basis which grows in both net interest income and non-interest income. We are projecting the NIM to rebound in the first-half of 2020 from the 2019 fourth quarter before stabilizing in the second-half of the year.Given our relatively neutralized interest rate risk positioning, we remain confident in our outlook for net interest income growth, while deposit pricing remains rationale in our markets we are closely watching the competitive environment around rate and volume of deposits as this represents the primary risk and opportunity for variance to our NIM forecast. We expect non-interest income on a GAAP basis to grow at a slightly higher pace than total revenue in 2020 driven by the continued focus on deepening customer relationships. Full-year non-interest expense is expected to increase 1% to 3%. Based on our active management in 2019, we are comfortable with our current expense base and the run rate trajectory. Our focus is on driving continued investment in opportunities to further differentiate Huntington and drive revenue growth. As we told you previously, and are demonstrating with our actions and our 2020 guidance, we remain committed to targeting annual positive operating leverage. We anticipate that the full-year 2020 net charge-offs will be within a range of 35 to 45 basis points.As Rich just covered fundamentally our credit remains strong, we are taking decisive action to mitigate the risk in our oil and gas portfolio. As a result, we have expectations for oil and gas charge-offs remaining slightly elevated in the first-half of 2020. These charges are fully repressed in our 2020 guidance. We believe we are adequately reserved at year-end and with the life of loan CECL adoption. Our expectation for the effective tax rate for the remainder of the year is in the 15.5% to 16.5% range.
Mark Muth: Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up, and then if that person has any additional questions, he or she can add them back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Good morning. Lots to ask about, but I will just maybe start Steve with -- just you talked a little bit about headwinds in commercial, but we do have USMCA and Phase 1 China seemingly done, just curious if you could give us a little bit more color on that and if you're seeing any changes in optimism at all from the commercial customers?
Steve Steinour: Jon, USMCA is just recently done, and obviously there are other issues, distractions going on at D.C. right now. So I don't think there is a meaningful change yet, but from what we have reported at the prior conference, and I do expect there is going to be a second-half optimistic - lift. I'm optimistic in that regard, but I think it is going to be a little hesitant, little reluctant in talking with different customers about the start of this year. We did see more cash on balance sheets at the end of the year. So, spot balances were down a bit from where we expected them to be. That was particularly true in auto as customers kept more cash on sheet. So, I think that just reflects the conservatism and just sort of wait-and-see approach. Again, in the Midwest we are hampered by lack of labor, so that is an element in this planning process as well as these uncertainties.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, that's helpful. And then just one more, Zach or Rich, maybe Rich for you, can you talk about the Day 2 CECL impact again, I think what you said is expect the provision to be roughly the same in 2020 compared to 2019, I wonder if I heard that right? And Zach, how you want us to think about provisioning in 2020? Thanks.
Rich Pohle: Yes. This is Rich. The testing that we've done -- and again, this is new, so we are kind of going through quarter-by-quarter, the testing that we did, CECL to BAU showed that there were some quarterly volatility with over the course of the year, it tended to level itself out, so we don't see a lot of volatility -- we see more volatility on a quarterly basis going forward, but we don't expect a material change in the overall provision under CECL than we had under the incurred loss methodology.
Jon Arfstrom: All right, that's helpful, thank you.
Rich Pohle: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Long with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
David Long: Good morning, everyone.
Rich Pohle: Good morning.
David Long: With your revenue outlook for the year, what is the rate backdrop that you're assuming right now?
Zach Wasserman: This is Zach. I will take that question, David. Good to talk with you. We are essentially assuming the forward yield curve as it existed in November, although it's relatively consistent with where it looks right now. The Fed funds expectation is relatively neutral. I think the actual forward rate, look at it precisely, included forecasted one rate cuts sort in the late summertime period, but I think as we have noted in the prepared remarks, based on our hedging program, our net interest income, NIM is essentially neutralized from one rate increase and one rate decrease from today. So, I would say taking a step back sort of roughly flat from where we are today.
David Long: Got it, and if the rate backdrop goes against you, do you have additional levers that you can pull on the expense side, so you can still produce positive operating leverage?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, we do. I think under most realistic rate scenarios, as I mentioned, the hedging program will keep our NIM pretty constant, so we are not expecting how to pull those expense levers, but as always we do have a number of expense levers that we've got at our disposal. I'll take down a few of them. We can always look at the pacing and phasing of our strategic growth initiatives. We've got the number one branch here in Michigan and Ohio, and so, looking at our branch network and the cost around that is an opportunity, and I think generally as we see revenue soften, we typically see just the linked variable expense reduction from compensation tend to mitigate and offset that. So, those are the levers we've got at our disposal we look at all the time. There are other levers like staffing contingency plans, which you saw us pull in the fourth quarter of 2019, which are at our disposal, but again, it's not our expectation that we'll have to do that in 2020. The last thing I'll just say, is you commented positive operating leverage, we are managing and expecting to generate positive operating leverage in 2020.
David Long: Got it, I appreciate the color. Thanks.
Steve Steinour: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, John.
Rahul Patil: This is Rahul Patil on behalf John. Just have a two-part question on your auto lending business, considering that one of the biggest players in auto lending is now becoming more active in the space, are you seeing pressure on pricing or your ability to grow auto loans at the pace that you have previously expected? And then, the second part is tied to CECL. The CECL implementation impact your appetite for auto loans going forward, just trying to gauge, you know, what's your 2020 auto loan growth outlook following a flattish average balance in 2019?
Steve Steinour: Yes, John. It's Rich, I will take that. So, I'll take the second question first. So, as it relates to CECL, the auto business is really neutral, and the weighted average life of our typical auto loan is not that much different than what we had under the incurred loss methodology. So, it's a fairly benign impact from a CECL standpoint. As it relates to the overall business strategy, I think, we have just a tremendous franchise across multiple states with thousands of dealers that we've got the ability to drive volume. I think we are in a very high cycle band that tends to be more price sensitive than others. So, I don't see us having any real issues in meeting the origination goals that we've got from the indirect automatic business in 2020.
Rahul Patil: Okay. And then, last quarter, I believe you had indicated that the consensus estimate around that time of 3.20 for full-year '20 was reasonable, but I believe that you had assumed earlier a couple of rate cards in that 2020 NIM guidance. Could you just discuss your update? I know you talked about rebound in first half and then stable, but are you still comfortable with that 3.20 level right now?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, thanks for the question. This is Zach. I'll answer that one. So, the answer is yes, we are still comfortable with the approximately 3.20 guidance that we talked about in December at the Goldman Sachs conference, and just reiterated today in the prepared remarks. We expect the trajectory of that to be kicking higher into the first quarter. So, stabilizing around that level by mid second quarter, and then oscillating around that level through the balance of the year. There is really a couple big drivers of that. So, the most substantial of which is the re-pricing of the deposit maturity that we've talked about in the prepared remarks, there's roughly $5 billion re-pricing in Q1 and other $4 billion re-pricing in Q2. And so far, we're really pleased with both the retention and the pricing on that, which is proceeding according to our plans. The other factor, it's little smaller, but still helpful is the 70 basis points of pick-up we got on the securities repositioning that we discussed earlier. So, those two factors are what driving that and helping us to get the NIM to back to 320.With that being said, there's a couple of factors we're watching. Asset yields on new production, your previous question around auto and residential, we continue to see them where we want them, but that's something we look at very carefully. The other one is, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the volume in rate for the deposit costs, again, we're seeing the trend on our expectation, but it's something that well continue to watch. Those are the biggest factors that could cause the NIM to be higher or lower than that 3.20.
Rahul Patil: Okay. And then, I just want to clarify one thing, and that is assuming a cut -- rate cut in the summer of this year?
Zach Wasserman: Yes, it's assuming that essentially the forward rate curve that exists in November as I mentioned, which if you look precisely at the Fed Funds expectation, and that had one cut over the late summertime period, but even if it's flat, we're going to be roughly [indiscernible].
Rahul Patil: Okay. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin: Hey, thanks, guys. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Ken.
Ken Usdin: One more question on the deposit -- good morning, one more question on the deposit side of things. See what you're expecting for total growth, I'm assuming that's still coming from core customer growth. You mentioned the $5 billion that's going to re-price, underneath that can you just talk about what's happening in your markets as far as just underlying core deposit pricing, and if that's still also coming down aside from what you're just you know, scheduled is going to re-price from the rollovers?
Steve Steinour: Yes, I think we're -- as I said, we're seeing the re-pricing activity be pretty much in line with our expectations taking down, but also being somewhat competitive. So we assumed and plan for the right environment we've got right now, and we're seeing a trend in that way.
Ken Usdin: Yes
Mark Muth: Ken this is Mark. I would say that generally what we're seeing on the consumer side is very rational, and as we would have expected, and the re-pricing coming in both with better pricing and better retention has allowed us to then be a little more aggressive on the commercial side, which we do see is more competitive. If you were to point to some of the competitive issues out there, it definitely is on the commercial side, in particular with your large dollar deposit on the commercial side, and we've just allowed some of those to leave the bank as a result of the success we're having on consumer side.
Ken Usdin: Got it, okay. And then, one more question just on the mix of the balance sheet, with pretty good loan growth and pretty good deposit growth, what do you see happening in terms of both the size of your securities portfolio, and can you talk about the underlying dynamics of -- in a stable rates environment to your front book/back book?
Zach Wasserman: So, the expectation for the securities portfolio -- this is Zach, roughly constant from where we are today. No material change, we like where we're at, and that's the expectations at this point. The second part of the question was -- back book
Ken Usdin: Rolling off securities and rolling on, how -- if your rates stay low, stay where they are from here what's the dynamic happening in there? Thanks.
Zach Wasserman: Let's take that offline. I don't have that detail right in front of me. Yes, Ken, I've got that downstairs. So, I'll follow-up with you on that.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Zach Wasserman: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Steve Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: I'm pleased with our 2019 performance, particularly given the environmental challenges we faced, our active management position, the bank continues to execute on our strategies, and confident about our prospects for 2020. Our top priorities are executing our strategic plan and thoughtfully investing in our businesses for continued prudent organic growth, while delivering annual positive operating leverage. We are clearly building long-term shareholder value through a diligent focus on top quartile financial performance and consistently disciplined risk management. And finally, we always like to end with a reminder to our shareholders, there's a high level of alignment between the board, management, colleagues, and our shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively a top 10 shareholder of Huntington, and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. So, thank you for your interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Third Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Sherri. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com.This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call.Todays presenters are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially.We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings.Let me now turn it over to Steve and he will start on Slide 3.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Mark. And thank you to everyone for joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. We had a solid third quarter and we're pleased with the continued momentum across the bank despite a challenging operating environment.Overall, our businesses are performing well with disciplined organic growth. Credit quality remains strong and we continue to build capital while supporting organic growth. We've been positioning the bank for a weaker economy and for a lower interest rate environment throughout the year.Our efforts are consistent with our strategies of creating a high-performing regional bank delivering top quartile through the cycle shareholder returns. We were being cautious with our capital and liquidity given mixed global economic signals as well as increased global risks and volatility.Please remember our board and management collectively are among the top 10 shareholders of the Company and we're required long-term shareholders. Across our footprint consumers continue to perform well with strong labor markets, driving wage inflation.In the 12 months ending August 2019, unemployment rates declined in 14 of the 20 largest MSAs in Huntington's footprint states. Job openings exceeded unemployment levels in most of our markets. Home prices continue to appreciate with especially solid increases in Michigan, Indiana, and Ohio.Additionally, consumer confidence in our region has generally stayed at the highest levels since 2000. On the business side, we've adopted a slightly more cautious view of the local economies recognizing that economic growth has slowed.We've recently seen a slowdown in commercial loan activity consistent with the more measured tone from some of our commercial customers primarily in the manufacturing sector. Near-term uncertainty around trade and the national and global economic outlook has impacted investment. The uncertainty along with the tight labor markets is constraining economic growth in our footprint.Our customers are generally confident about their performance this year. Fundamental long-term improvements are evident in virtually all footprint state economies. Michigan for example, is benefiting from a growing services sector with strong recent employment growth occurring in financial, business and professional services. Ohio has multiple industries in which long-term growth potential is high, including technology, financial services, healthcare and research.The visibility in the pipeline for the fourth quarter commercial loan growth remains good, though we are more cautious about 2020. In light of the more challenging current operating environment and the prevailing outlook for additional interest rate cuts, weve taken action in the fourth quarter to reduce our future expense growth.We've recently completed an internal reorganization including the elimination of about 200 existing positions to better drive productivity. In addition, the build out of our agile development capabilities have allowed us to become more efficient and more effective in our technology investments, which are focused on enhancing customer experience.These actions position the bank to continue to perform well and further invest in digital technology despite an expectation of additional rate reductions. We are projecting positive operating leverage in 2020. As we've stated several times this year, we do not foresee a recession in the near-term.Our core earnings power, strong capital aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite and our long-term strategies position us to withstand economic headwinds. Our strategies are designed to drive more consistent performance across economic cycles. And while we, as I've said, we do not foresee a near term recession, it's important to recognize the downturns do not only bring challenges, they also bring opportunities. And we have a strong record of taking advantage of these situations.For example, in 2009 and 2010 when others were pulling back from auto and small business lending, we stepped in and expanded these businesses and 10-years later these two groups are key drivers of Huntingtons success.Huntington was the largest SBA, 7(NYSE:A) lender in the nation last year for the second year in a row and we've now been number one in our footprint for more than a decade. Similarly, our auto finance business now operates in 23 States and we're the tenth largest bank auto lender.Also in 2010 we introduced Fair Play banking, which was quite controversial and disruptive at the time, but has fueled our consumer banking growth over the past decade. We're positioned for a more challenging economy and I'm confident in our ability to continue to build long-term shareholder value.Now, before I turn it over to Mac, I want to highlight our announcement last week that Zach Wasserman will be joining us in early November from Visa as our next CFO. As you all know earlier this year Mac announced he'll be retiring at year-end. So this is Macs final earnings conference call before his retirement. I wanted to take a moment to thank him for his many accomplishments and enormous contributions to Huntington.Mac heightened the culture of financial discipline throughout the organization. He was instrumental in our acquisition of FirstMerit and was the executive co-lead for the integration which successfully delivered the largest acquisition in our history. Under Macs strategic leadership, we've established our long-term financial metrics and exceeded the original set in 2014 and are now working on a current set.He has positioned the bank to perform well through all economic cycles. So on behalf of our board, our shareholders and certainly our colleagues like to thank Mac as we're extremely grateful for his contributions to the company.So Mac with that halo, let me now ask you to provide the overview of financial performance.
Mac McCullough: Very good. Well thank you for those kind words, Steve. And let me say, welcome to Zack, who I'm sure is listening to the call today. Good morning to everyone on the call. And I just want to let you know how much I've enjoyed the relationship with the investment community over the last three decades.I've appreciated the friendships that we've developed and I appreciate the learning opportunities as well. So thank you very much. Let's turn to Slide 4 and take a look at the third quarter.So we have reflected strong earnings momentum with solid growth of revenue and earnings per share and a double-digit growth rate in tangible book value per share. We recorded net income of $372 million, a decrease of 2% versus the year ago quarter. We reported earnings per common share of $0.34 up 3% year-over-year.Tangible book value per common share was $8.25 a 17% year-over-year increase. Return on assets was 1.4%, return on common equity was 13% and return on tangible common equity was 17%.Our efficiency ratio for the quarter was 54.7% down from 55.3% in the year ago quarter. Total revenue increased 4% year-over-year. Average loans increased 3% year-over-year and average core deposits increased 2% year-over-year. Net charge offs modestly increased this quarter as a result of two commercial credits, which Rich will provide more detail on later in the call.Overall credit quality remains strong. Even with these items, net charge offs were near the low-end of our average through the cycle target range of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. As we have previously noted, we expect some quarter to quarter volatility given the very low loss in problem loans levels at which we are operating.Turning now to Slide 5, average earning assets increased $2.9 billion or 3% compared to the year ago quarter. Average loans and leases increased to $2.3 billion or 3% year-over-year including a $1.5 billion or 4% increase in commercial loans and a $0.8 billion or 2% increase in consumer loans.Average commercial and industrial loans increased 6% from the year ago quarter and reflected the largest component of our year-over-year loan growth. C&I loan growth has been well-diversified over the past year with notable growth in corporate banking, dealer floorplan and asset finance.We also continue to see good traction in our new specialty lending verticals of mid corporate lending, technology, media and telecom and practice finance, which we announced as part of the 2018 strategic plan. Alternatively, we continue to actively manage our commercial real estate portfolio around current levels, with average CRE loans reflecting a 3% year-over-year decrease.The decrease is an output of pay downs as well as our strategic tightening of CRE lending to ensure appropriate returns on capital and to manage risk. Consumer loan growth remain centered in the residential mortgage and RV and marine portfolios reflecting the well-managed expansion of these two businesses over the past two years.Average residential mortgage loans increased 10% year-over-year. As we typically do, we sold the agency qualified mortgage production in the quarter and retained jumbo mortgages and specialty mortgage products.Average RV and marine loans increased 17% year-over-year as we continue to gain traction and market share across the 34 state footprint for this business. Average auto loans decreased 2% year-over-year as a result of the auto loan pricing optimization strategy we executed in 2018 and the first half of 2019.Pricing optimization has helped us maximize revenue while minimizing balance sheet impact. However, given the changes in the interest rate outlook, we intentionally lowered our auto pricing in the third quarter to drive increased production. We are locking in short term duration, fixed-rate assets that are current higher yields before anticipated future rate cuts push auto loan yields lower next year.It is important to note that we are driving the increased production while maintaining our super prime customer focus and our consistent underwriting discipline. Auto originations in the quarter totaled $1.6 billion up 17% versus the year ago quarter and had an average FICO score above 770.Turning now to Slide 6, average total deposits increased 1% year-over-year, while average core deposits increased 2% year-over-year. Note that we sold approximately $725 million of core deposits as part of the sale that was constant retail branch network in June of this year.Average money market deposits increased 13% year-over-year, primarily reflecting the shift in promotional pricing away from CDs to consumer money market accounts in mid-2018.Core certificates of deposits increased 15% from the year ago quarter, primarily reflecting the consumer CD growth initiatives during the third quarter of 2018. Average interest-bearing DDA deposits increased 1% year-over-year, while average noninterest-bearing DDA deposits decreased 2%. Average total demand deposits were flat year-over-year.As shown on Slide 30 in the appendix, we are very pleased that our consumer noninterest-bearing deposits increased 3% year-over-year. We continue to see our commercial customers shift balances from noninterest-bearing DDA to interest-bearing products, primarily interest checking, hybrid checking and money market. Average savings and other domestic deposits decreased 15%, primarily reflecting a continued shift in consumer product mix.Moving on to Slide 7. FTE net interest income decreased $5 million or 1% versus the year ago quarter, primarily driven by the 12 basis points decline in net interest margin, partially offset by the 3% increase in average earning assets. Net interest margin was 3.20% for the quarter, down 12 basis points from the year ago quarter and down 11 basis points linked-quarter.Moving to Slide 8, our core net interest margin for the third quarter was 3.16%, down nine basis points from the year ago quarter. Purchase accounting accretion contributed four basis points to the net interest margin in the current quarter, compared to seven basis points in the year ago quarter. Slide 26 in the appendix provides information regarding the actual and scheduled impact of FirstMerit purchase accounting for 2019 and 2020.Turning to the earning asset yields. Our commercial loan yields decreased five basis points year-over-year, while consumer loan yields increased 18 basis points. Security yields increased one basis point. Our deposit costs remained well contained with the rate paid on total interest-bearing deposits of 98 basis points for the quarter, up 25 basis points year-over-year and up only one basis point sequentially. Our total interest-bearing deposit costs peaks in July and have moved lower every month since.Slide 9 summarizes the incremental hedging strategy we have implemented to reduce the downside risk from lower interest rates. The incremental hedges include both asset swaps and floors. We have now substantially completed implementation of the incremental hedges. However, as you should expect, we will continue to fine-tune the overall hedging program as the interest rate environment, balance sheet mix and other factors necessitate. It's also important to remember that the cost of the hedging program has been fully reflected in our guidance since late 2018.The graphs on the bottom left of the slide provide detail and the mix of our loan portfolio as well as the significant consumer deposit balances with repricing events in the second half of 2019 and the first half of 2020. This provides an opportunity for the bank to reduce the cost of deposits as these well-timed, higher priced CDs and promotional money market accounts repriced lower.Through September, the deposit repricing activity is on track, although the maturing balances pick up in the fourth quarter, given this timing, we expect to see the impact of the lower consumer deposit costs beginning in the fourth quarter of 2019. On the commercial side of the business, we've developed tactics to quickly react to any rate cuts with client-specific rate reductions, particularly among our highest cost deposits. We were very pleased with the results following the July and September rate cuts and are ready to implement the same strategy for any future rate cuts.Slide 10 provides detail on our noninterest income which increased 14% from the year ago quarter. Mortgage banking income increased 74%, primarily reflecting higher secondary market spreads and favorable origination volume as well as an $8 million gain on net mortgage servicing rate, risk managements in the current quarter.Capital markets fees increased 38% versus the year ago quarter, primarily reflecting the acquisition of Hutchinson, Shockey and Erley in the fourth quarter of 2018 and continued core business growth. We continue to see positive momentum within our two largest contributors to noninterest income as deposit service charges and card and payment processing fees both posted year-over-year growth.Slide 11 provides the components of the 2% year-over-year growth in noninterest expense. Personnel costs increased 5%, primarily reflecting a shift in the composition of colleagues, including the addition of nearly 200 colleagues in our digital and technology areas related to the 2018 strategic plan initiatives and the hiring of experienced bankers in our new lending verticals.Further increasing personnel expense year-over-year with the implementation of annual merit increases in May of 2019 and increased benefit costs. Outside data processing and other services increased 26% year-over-year, driven by ongoing technology investment costs. Partially offsetting these increases, deposit and other insurance expense decreased 56% due to the discontinuation of the FDIC surcharge in the fourth quarter of 2018, while other expense decreased 16%.We remain focused on driving positive operating leverage in 2019 and 2020. Slide 12 illustrates the continued strength of our capital ratios, the tangible common equity ratio or TCE ended the quarter at 8%, up 75 basis points from a year ago quarter. For the common equity Tier 1 ratio ended the quarter at 10.02%, up 13 basis points year-over-year and up 14 basis points linked-quarter. We continue to manage CET1 to the high-end of our 9% to 10% operating guidelines. During the third quarter of 2019, we repurchased 5.2 million common shares at an average cost of $13.02 per share or a total of $68 million of common stock.Slide 13 provides a look at our current thinking around CECL. We continue to progress towards CECL implementation in 2020. At this time, we estimate our allowance for credit losses or ACL will increase in a range of 40% to 50% from current levels. Given our 50% mix of relatively longer dated consumer loans, the CECL lifetime loss methodology results in a much higher allowance than the current expected loss methodology. The increase in reserves has predominantly correlated to the consumer loan portfolio.We reduced our buyback this quarter as we worked through the expected impact of CECL. Going forward, we plan to use the share repurchase to manage our capital costs, our capital post-CECL back to 10% CET1 level, but a fully implemented basis by the end of next year. These actions reinforce our commitment to maintaining our strong capital ratios which we see as a position of strength for the organization.As we have previously communicated on many instances our capital priorities are: first, to fund organic growth; second, to support the cash dividends and finally, all other capital uses including the buyback and selective acquisitions. These capital priorities have not changed.Let me now turn it over to Rich to cover the credit trends for the quarter. Rich?
Rich Pohle: Thanks Mac. Slide 14 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter which remains strong. Consistent prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntington's core principles and our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined approach to risk management and our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite.We booked loan loss provision expense of $82 million in the third quarter and net charge-offs of $73 million. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 39 basis points of average loans and leases in the current quarter, up from 25 basis points in the prior quarter and up from 16 basis points in the year ago quarter. The increase was centered on two specific energy credit relationships which made up nearly three-fourth of the total commercial net charge-offs.These relationships were upstream companies operating in the same reserve basin. One of the credits was moved to held-for-sale, which accounts for the increase in other NPAs for the quarter. We expect the sale to close in the next couple of weeks. The loss exposure in these two credits was completely recognized in the third quarter.We have a relatively small energy portfolio representing less than 2% of total loans. Consumer charge-offs have remained consistent over the past year. There is additional granularity on charge-offs by portfolio in the analyst package and the slides. The allowance for loan and lease losses or ALLL, as a percentage of loans remained relatively stable at 1.05%, up two basis points linked-quarter. The nonperforming asset ratio increased three basis points linked-quarter and nine basis points year-over-year to 0.64%. The year-over-year increases was centered in the C&I portfolio and other NPAs, partially offset by decreases in the residential mortgage, commercial real estate and home equity portfolios.Note that these metrics include the results from the most recent shared national credit exam. The increase in commercial delinquencies this quarter as seen in the appendix on Slide 54 was related to a leasing system conversion, not underlying credit deterioration. Overall, asset quality metrics remain near cyclical lows. And as we have noted previously, some quarterly volatility is expected given the absolute low level of problem loans.Let me turn it back over to Mac.
Mac McCullough: Thank you, Rich. Slide 15 illustrates our updated expectations for full year 2019. We expect full year average loan growth of approximately 4% with continued growth in our consumer business, including home lending and auto finance. We expect more measured commercial loan growth consistent with recent economic data.Full year average deposit growth is expected to be approximately 3% as we remain focused on acquiring core checking accounts and deepening customer relationships. A number of you have asked for us to provide guidance on net interest income as opposed to NIM, which we are now providing on the slide.We expect full year fully taxable equivalent net interest income growth of approximately 1% for 2019. This is consistent with a full year 2019 margin guidance we provided at the Barclays conference and includes the impact from purchase accounting and the cost of our hedging strategy.Also, as I mentioned at the Barclays conference, we remain comfortable with current Street consensus expectation for full year 2020 NIM of 3.21%. We expect full year noninterest income growth of 9% to 12% on a GAAP basis. As we have told you previously and are demonstrating with our actions, we've remained committed to delivering annual positive operating leverage. Full year noninterest expenses are expected to increase 2% to 2.5%.This includes approximately net $15 million to $20 million of unusual expense resulting from the previously mentioned expense actions we are taking in the fourth quarter. As we have done in the past, we are also evaluating our branches and other real estate. We anticipate that full year 2019 net charge-offs will remain below or average through the cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Our expectation for the effective tax rate for the remainder of the year is in the 15.5% to 16.5% range.So with that Sherri, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Erika Najarian: Hi, good morning.
Mac McCullough: Hi Erika.
Erika Najarian: Thank you so much for reiterating your outlook on that net interest margin for next year. And I'm wondering if we could put it in context of balance sheet growth as well. The loan growth momentum continues to be solid. And I'm wondering, how should we think about, how you're thinking about A, your resi growth strategy in a post-CECL world and B, how earning asset growth will trend relative to loan growth from here?
Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks, Erika. We're not going to give 2020 guidance until later this year at a conference in December. But happy to answer your questions around resi growth and how we're thinking about going forward. We will be cautious with resi growth on the balance sheet. I mean, obviously we have a number of our customers who have the need for that product. A number of the balances that we've been putting on in 2019 have been private plan relationship that we have a deep relationship with and that's how we're thinking about mortgage product going forward.Just given some of the changes in CECL work, we're looking for that to be more of a relationship product from a relationship pricing perspective. But still like the asset class but that might be the one change that we think about going forward.
Erika Najarian: I guess just in net-net, if we take a step back, unless you tell us something more dramatic in terms of how you're managing the securities portfolio. If I combine your outlook on margin with, let's call it 3% to 4% loan growth, then it seems as if the net interest income growth would be sort of greater than the flat trend than what consensus is expecting.
Mac McCullough: Clearly, the net interest income growth in 2020 will be driven by earning asset growth. We are seeing growth switch from the commercial categories to the consumer categories in the fourth quarter. We will likely continue to be more aggressive of consumer lending in 2020 as we like the dynamics of those portfolios, if you think about some of the fixed rate nature of the portfolios as well as the credit quality. We continue to super-prime consumer portfolio, so that's one change, just given some of the comments we made about the outlook for commercial lending and what we're seeing now that you could expect to see in 2020.
Erika Najarian: Got it. Thank you and congratulations, Mac.
Mac McCullough: Okay. Thank you, Erika.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Mac McCullough: Hi Ken.
Ken Usdin: Hi good morning. Hey, good morning and then best of luck to you again, Mac. On the deposit side, you mentioned that you'd expect the deposits to start coming down in the fourth. They were up a touch in the quarter. Can you just walk us through the dynamics of the rolling off legacy CDs and how much impact you can see that have on total interest-bearing cost as you do roll forward? Thanks. And beta  just kind of your underlying beta expectations. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks Ken. So the opportunities we have with the CD book thats repricing and some of the money market specials that are also coming up for re-evaluation. I mean, it actually presents a really nice opportunity for us. I think Slide 9 actually has the mix of what's repricing from a deposit perspective and you can see that we're actually entering into some of the bigger balance changes in the fourth quarter into the first quarter of 2020.As I mentioned in my opening comments, we've seen really good execution against being able to reprice those deposits. I would say, it's ahead of our expectations. We are seeing some of the CDs move into money market, because of just some late specials that we have in the money market space. But we still like that activity as it retains those deposits and allows us to reprice lower.The one good trend that continues to play out well for us is the continued growth in noninterest-bearing on the consumer side, still really good activity there. And we don't see that slowing down. So, all in all, I think the timing of when we put some of these deposits on our books in 2018 and the opportunity as we see the declining rate environment is what really gives us some confidence as we move into the fourth quarter with our ability to reprice these deposits and help to stabilize the NIM.
Ken Usdin: Got it.
Steve Steinour: I think the sale of Wisconsin was little over $100 million of DDA as well, so the year-over-year numbers even more impressive.
Mac McCullough: Yes, good point. So the $725 million that we sold with Wisconsin those were our core deposits as Steve called out the DDA portion. So our performance needs to take into consideration that $725 million that we sold as a part of the Wisconsin branch sale.
Ken Usdin: Yes. And just one clarification, you always do guide on GAAP. So I'm presuming that the $15 million to $20 million of non-core stuff in the fourth quarter, that's in the full-year guidance?
Mac McCullough: Absolutely Ken. That's a good call-out and a good margin of what the guidance
Ken Usdin: All right. And we should see the benefits of that next year then?
Mac McCullough: That's correct.
Ken Usdin: All right, thank you.
Mac McCullough: Okay. Thanks Ken.
Operator: Our next question is from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jon Arfstrom: Good morning.
Mac McCullough: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Mac, I wonder what youre going to be doing in mid-January not thinking about margin guidance?
Mac McCullough: I will be lonely.
Jon Arfstrom: Your last chance to do whats right.
Mac McCullough: Now what does that imply, Jon?
Jon Arfstrom: Yes. Noninterest income growth, it's a pretty wide range that you have for the full year. And I'm thinking if mortgage is the variance there but can you just help us understand the wide range and what would drive us  drive you to the lower, higher end of the range?
Mac McCullough: Yes, that's absolutely correct, Jon. I mean, we continue to see good mortgage origination volume and the favorable spreads are holding up nicely. So we don't know exactly how strong the quarter is going to be, but we do think there could be some upside there. And that's why we gave it.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. And is the origination strategy I understand a lot of it is this quarter was MSR and maybe some refinance, but the origination strategy is still more Chicago focused or is there something more than that driving it?
Mac McCullough: Well, it is broadly across the franchise, but I do think some of the changes that we made in Chicago and particular as we acquired FirstMerit and built out the mortgage origination capabilities in the Chicago market, a lot of the growth has been coming out of Chicago since FirstMerit.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Mark Muth: We also do a lot of strengthen both here in Michigan  in Ohio and Michigan post-FirstMerit. So don't want to downplay that impact either.
Jon Arfstrom: But it's safe to say that it's just  it's refinancing volume that's going to drive you to the higher end or lower end that's really it?
Mark Muth: Yes, that's exactly a way to look at it.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, thank you.
Mark Muth: Okay, thanks Jon.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Foran with Autonomous Research. Please proceed.
Brian Foran: Hi, good morning everyone.
Mac McCullough: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Foran: I guess, Steve, you mentioned you don't see a recession on the horizon, but you also kind of made some cautious comments on the commercial side. I mean, you've seen several cycles. I'm just wondering, is that something that can persist or is it kind of like one or the other has to win, i.e., can we have a prolonged period of a slump in commercial lending without a recession or is it kind of like if C&I stays weaker for longer eventually that tips in a recession, and if we don't tip in recession, then eventually C&I recovers?
Steve Steinour: Right. In the commercial context, there are a lot of avenues for financing in addition to banking. Historically, it would have said reduced bank lending would naturally translate into slower economic growth, but you do have many other options out there today for different levels of commercial customers.I think what we're trying to suggest is that the combination of factors that have occurred somewhat more in the late first half and certainly the second half of the year have compounded the outlook a bit. So whether it's global slowdown, trade and tariffs, we have a big manufacturing sector and an export sector here in the Midwest states we're in.Just as we mentioned in the last call, we're almost talking ourselves into this. So I think a number of factors are contributing to a slowdown and we still see it as a slowdown. Many of our customers continue to suggest their number one issue is they can get qualified employees. And so this is a labor constrained recovery that has lost a little steam but we think it continues.
Brian Foran: And then maybe one follow-up on the expense side. Can you remind us in kind of a normal year, how much expense flexibility do you have? So I'm not trying to get into a number for 2020. But just if you're trying to ramp up or ramp down expenses based on the environment, but also trying to make the core investments you want to make in the franchise. As the year progresses, is the range plus or minus 2% or 200 basis points, 400 basis points? How much ability do you have to react in a typical year?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Brian, this is Mac. So we do believe that we have expense flexibility and I think we've proven that as we move through what's important with the economy and the interest rate outlook. We still have some flexibility. We go through the process every year of taking a look at just different levels of productivity improvements that we put in place before the year ends, so that we know where we're going to go in case we have to think through some changes in the environments and how we want to manage things like operating leverage or EPS or investment back into the franchise.So it's important that as we think about what opportunities we have on the expense side in 2020, as we manage for positive operating leverage. We're also investing back into the franchise. And I think that's really important for us to recognize in terms of the activities that we're going through and some of the important investments that Steve has spoken to that we're going to continue to make in 2020.So confident that we've got flexibility, in addition to what we've already done. But we're going to be careful about the overall health of the franchise and we're going to continue to make those important investments that we think will drive the top line and our competitive position going forward.
Brian Foran: Thank you both, and Mac, congratulations.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thank you, Brian.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Brian.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill & Partners. Please proceed.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. How are you?
Mark Muth: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Hey, Mac, I guess first question, just sort of on kind of a qualitative one on the balance between the margin and the overall dollars of NII. Do you guys sort of have one that you kind of prefer to manage to over the other? So I think in the past as you guys have looked at some of the levers you have to pull on the margin, you've alluded to some of the  some marginality in the securities portfolio for example. How do you sort of weigh that balance between preserving the dollars and preserving the margin rate?And then I guess, along those lines, as we look at the mix shift into next year, relatively more consumer-driven vis--vis commercial. Is that going to have any discernible impact on the margin trajectory from you guys' standpoint?
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks, Scott. So in this environment and just based upon feedback we've gotten from analysts and investors, we did make the switch over to net interest income in terms of providing guidance in this quarter. Obviously, with some of the volatility in the marketplace as well as some of the actions that we can take to drive net interest income that will have an impact on NIM, that might necessarily tell the whole story by us just giving you the NIM guidance.Yes. So to your point, Scott, you alluded to the levers that we have in terms of how we think about driving net interest income and that would be things like the securities portfolio, optimization of the balance sheet. There are many players that we've run over the years that we still have in our pocket that we can take a look at and those actions have an impact on NIM obviously.So going forward, we're managing net interest income and we're managing the revenue profile of the company. NIM is a bit of an output from that as we move through what is increasingly more volatile period. But we think that gives you the best information you need to understand where we think the organization is going.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Thank you for that. And then I think I'm effectively going to repeat one of the other questions here but just so I understand it perfectly. On the cost side, all of that difference in the guidance today versus what you gave a month or so ago at the Barclays conference, that's simply a function of the sort of one-time costs that we're going to have in the fourth quarter as opposed to any change in the core trajectory, right?
Mac McCullough: Yes. That is exactly correct.
Scott Siefers: Okay, terrific. All right. Well, thank you again. And then Mac, good luck and congratulations.
Mac McCullough: Thank you, Scott.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed.
Mark Muth: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. On the expense topic again for, I know you're not giving formal guidance for 2020, but you did indicate that you're confident and positive operating leverage or you're projecting it for 2020 as well. Is there any way you can help us with the magnitude and  or at least a little bit of color that  could operating leverage actually accelerate off of the 2019 amount that you're going to see because of the headcount reductions in the hedging that's in place? Thanks.
Mark Muth: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. So the way we think about expense growth and what we're trying to accomplish is we understand the revenue environment that we're moving into. And once we get some confidence around a range of revenue expectations then we decide what we can do from an expense perspective including investment back into the franchise.So, well, I can't and won't give you any guidance around expense for 2020. We are targeting positive operating leverage as Steve mentioned in his comments. We're also looking to reinvest back in the franchise as I mentioned in my comments and Steve's comments.So the activity is underway and what we've done up to this point in time, give us a path to both of those objectives, making the right investments back into the franchise and achieving positive operating leverage.If we get ahead in 2020, it's more likely we're going to invest back in the franchise taking everything else into consideration, the revenue outlook obviously where the economy is and where we think its heading and what we think our performance is going to be in those scenarios. But we've got some investments underway that we think are differentiating and important and we're going to continue to make those investments.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. And then separately on the credit side, I know you mentioned that you implied that one of the energy credits had impacted other NPAs, so that accounted for some of the increased in non-accruals, but  in NPAs. But non-accruals also saw, it looks like an additional increase. So I just want to get a little bit of color about what may have driven that and also your criticized assets were up a bunch. Is that all the NPA increase or is there something else there that's driving them higher? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes, I mean the quick class number is up. It's not at a level that, we havent operated at before, we've been back at this level in the 2016, 2017 timeframe. The current quarter does have some energy impacts in there as well. As it relates to the NPAs, we did move the one deal into held-for-sale and then we had a couple of additional NPAs added, one in energy and then one, a couple of others outside of energy more on the C&I side.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you. And the other stuff on the C&I side, was that in any specific sector outside of energy?
Rich Pohle: No, it was pretty broad based, a couple of middle market credits and we're in there.
John Pancari: Okay. So no other deterioration non-energy to flag that you're starting to see developed in the portfolio?
Rich Pohle: No, I mean, the energy represented a significant amount of the charge-offs for the quarter. If you were to exclude the energy losses, which you can't do, but the rest of the book on the commercial side, the charge offs were pretty de minimis.
John Pancari: Got it. All right. Thanks Rich, and Mac good luck.
Mac McCullough: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Matt OConner with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Matt OConner: Hey guys.
Steve Steinour: Good morning Matt.
Matt OConner: I was wondering if you could talk as far as you could talk a bit more about the drivers of the good growth in both service charges and card fees as we look year-over-year. I mean, you addressed kind of continued growth from a more activity, but they're obviously both for us, rates are quite high and maybe give us a little color on, on the service charges, how much is commercial or consumer and again, the sustainability of both of those growth rates. Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks, Matt. So the good news here is that I can't really call it anything unusual that's driving the growth, other than just good execution and organic growth. When you take a look at deposit service charges, we are seeing growth in consumer because we continue to add new households to the organization.Commercial is probably being driven by treasury management to a large degree and some of the new products and services that we've implemented. In particular, we've added some new capabilities in the business banking, our small business side, that have had a nice lift and kind of a pipeline for treasury management revenue as well as close one referrals.So that is a very, very nice developing trend that we think is going to continue into 2020. And payment processing, I would just tell you that's a good core organic growth in terms of new customers coming into the bank, new card, debit and credit opportunities, And it's just basically the growth of our customers organically.Capital Markets is another item to call out, which again we continue to see really, really good growth, good execution. We continue to add up the products out there. We bought the broker dealer, municipal broker dealer last year and that has really been very complementary to our Capital Markets business. We've been able to leverage that acquisition into some of our other capabilities and business lines to actually see additional growth coming out of that opportunity.So we've got some good performance in fee products in 2019. I think there are some good reasons to believe that's going to continue in 2020.
Matt OConner: Just back on the service charges. Have you guys disclosed what the mix is between the consumer and commercial? And I guess does a commercial benefit from the declining rate environment here on the earnings credits the way it works versus your fees versus your earnings credit on deposits?
Mac McCullough: Yes. So the mix is probably slightly more toward the consumer side, but we haven't really disclosed the exact breakout between the two. And I'm sorry, the second part of your question?
Matt OConner: Just the outlook on the commercial. Is there some benefit from the lower rates there as the earnings credit on deposits are less and you've picked up in fees that one is the driver as you think about next year?
Mac McCullough: Yes, I wouldn't think that earnings credit is going to be a big addition to that line going forward in 2020. I mean we manage earnings credit pretty tightly. But I don't think that's going to be a big driver.
Matt OConner: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Okay. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
MarkMuth: Morning, Ken.
Ken Zerbe: Great, thanks. I guess maybe Steve, I know in your initial comments, it sounds like you're pretty negative on commercial loan growth. I just want make sure we get the right message that is it that commercial loan growth in 2020 could slow, but you're going to more or at least make up the slowness with better consumer growth, is that the right message?
Steve Steinour: Well, I want to imply a cautiousness. The economy has slowed significantly year-over-year. We were running around 3.5% to 1.5% most recently. We've done 6% year-over-year commercial growth, and I think we need to be a little more cautious. We're just trying to flag that for you in line with the outlook that we're hearing from our customers. We expect to be able to grow commercial next year and at the same time, we will grow the consumer side as well.
Ken Zerbe: Got you. Okay. And then I guess just one small question in terms of your guidance for positive operating leverage in 2019, is that on a full GAAP basis? Are you excluding the unusually high expenses in fourth quarter?
Steve Steinour: Yes. It's all on a GAAP basis.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, all right, great. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Steven Alexopoulos: Good morning, everybody.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Steve.
Steven Alexopoulos: I wanted to drill down a little bit on CECL. How much is the reserve for auto loans expected to change under CECL?
Mac McCullough: So Steve, we're not going to give that level of guidance at this point in time. We'll disclose those stats, obviously in the future, but I'm not going to disclose them here.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Is it material enough to change your appetite to want to add auto loans in 2020?
Mac McCullough: No.
Steven Alexopoulos: No. Okay. And then separately for Steve. In terms of the tone-shift you're talking about from your manufacturing customers, is this more coming from the macro noise right trade wars, etcetera. Are you starting to actually see pressure start to show up in financial statements for these customers?
Steve Steinour: We're total at this point, Steven we, again, I think there is an element of we're talking ourselves into something but certainly for these manufacturers, the trade tariff issues are real, for some of them.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And what percent of your loans are to manufacturing companies?
Mac McCullough: Commercial loans of about 25% to ballpark.
Steven Alexopoulos: That's of commercial.
Mac McCullough: Yes.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, thanks and best of luck, Mac. Thanks very much.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thank you. Take care.
Operator: Our next question is from David Long with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Mark Muth: Hi, Dave.
David Long: Good morning everyone. Mac, I think you said that you were comfortable just maybe confirm if this is accurate, but I thought I heard you say you're comfortable with the Street NIM forecast of 321 for 2020. Is that accurate?
Mac McCullough: That is correct.
David Long: Okay, just when you say that, what type of rate backdrop do you have in mind? How many rate cuts do you have in or what are your expectations when making that comment?
Mac McCullough: Yes, it's great, great question, Dave. So we have a assumption of three rate cuts, October, January and September.
David Long: Got it, got it. Okay, great, that's all that I had.
Mac McCullough: Okay, thanks Dave. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please proceed.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
MarkMuth: Good morning, Marty.
Marty Mosby: I wanted to ask  hey, good morning. I wanted to ask a question about the return on tangible common equity and how you're looking at the different stacks of capital. Your CET1 ratio is relatively flat but your TCE to TA ratio has been increasing over the last year pretty substantially.I know that some of that's related to mark-to-market on the securities portfolio. But I wouldn't think that all of that was the difference there. So, we're just curious because that increase in TCE to TA ratio was causing the ROTCE to fall off a little bit.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Marty. It's a great, great question. So we're up about $1 billion year-over-year in tangible common equity. About 75% of it is OCI related to the securities portfolio and other pension, things like that. So that is the primary driver of the improvement in TCE.
Marty Mosby: And then could you give us a little bit of color on the mortgage servicing rights? We've had several banks report these gains in the mortgage servicing rights with the hedging given that interest rates were coming down and prepayments were kicking in. It's one of two things. Either the assumption on the prepays was over exaggerated, which I think is built into the models all the time in the or you are over-hedged. So I'm just curious how the dynamics were playing out. So this particular quarter, we had these gains on mortgage servicing rights hedging.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Marty. It's obviously been a pretty volatile environment. Then I would say it's a little of both in terms of the two suspects you threw out there. But volatility has been pretty, pretty high as you, as you know, but I think the team has done a great job of making sure that we are hedged appropriately and some of that volatility is going to mean that you are over hedged, under hedged at any point of time.But it's obviously something we look at very carefully, spend a lot of time with and I think we've done a good job.
Marty Mosby: Well, thanks and best of luck where you'd go forward, it's been great working with you.
Mac McCullough: I appreciate it Marty. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Brock Vandervliet with UBS. Please proceed.
Mark Muth: Hi, Brock.
Brock Vandervliet: Great, good morning. On the credit picture and I know you provide a lifetime net charge-off over the cycle guide, I guess over the cycle guide. I'm a little surprised that some of the credit friction this quarter, what kind of confidence do you have based on what you can see right now that you can hold net charge-offs and kind of the level that we saw this quarter as opposed to having them move higher in the intermediate term?
Rich Pohle: This is Rich. Like I said, the charge-offs in this quarter were really isolated to the energy book. The balance of the portfolio, we believe is performing well and we have expectations that it will continue to perform well. So if you're trying to, are you trying to tie that into the CECL estimate or 
Brock Vandervliet: Not so much around CECL, just trying to get a sense of, I felt like Huntington has been kind of battened down for quite a while on credit and just it sounds like there is more a tone of slowing and I just want to make sure I'm attuned to that. That's all.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So I think it's important to differentiate the slowing with the credit discussion. We talked about energy be less than 2% of our loan portfolio and that really is where the problems have been centered. Outside of that, we really don't see anything of concern as we take a look at the portfolios on the outlooks.So it's different, I think a different, different discussion on what we see in the economy and what we hear from our customers and a little bit of caution around some of the feedback we're getting in, some of what we're seeing take place on the ground. But that's how I would think about the credit question versus what we see it and from a growth perspective.
Rich Pohle: And to be clear Brock, we're not making a call on a recession, we don't see it. I think we reiterated that twice in the prepared comments. So this is a 1.5% which, you roll the clock back six years ago would have been a reasonably good year. So we're just coming off of 3.5% and it's a percent GDP growth. So we think this we could be, we could be running at this level for a while.
Mac McCullough: And to your earlier point Brock, I mean, look, we're not going to put question of assets on the balance sheet at this point of the cycle. So we've been consistent in talking about the discipline of our underwriting process. I think we're even more cautious in environments like this based on what we're hearing from our customers. So we put a note of caution out there and we've talked about the pipeline still being higher than they were at this time last year, but we're just reflecting what we hear from our customers and letting you know what we're thinking.
Brock Vandervliet: Okay. I appreciate the color.
Mac McCullough: Okay, thanks Brock.
Operator: And our final question is from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Mac McCullough: Hey Peter.
Peter Winter: I had a question on capital. And I heard you with the share buybacks being at the bottom of your packing order. But I'm just curious, are you planning on completing the share authorization under the 2019 CCAR?
Mac McCullough: Peter, it's going to depend on balance sheet growth from here and outlook for 2020. We are committed to getting our capital levels back to the pre-CECL levels by the end of 2020 which could mean that we curtail the 2019 share repurchase authorization a bit but it's all going to come down to a balance sheet growth and what it's going to take you back to those levels at the end of 2020.
Peter Winter: Got it, okay. Thanks and Mac I've enjoyed working with you over the year. So, best of luck.
Mac McCullough: Thank you, Peter.
Operator: I would like to now turn the conference back over to Steve for closing comments.
Steve Steinour: So, I'm pleased with our solid results through the first three quarters of 2019, particularly given the significant movement in the yield curve and the amount of market volatility we've witnessed. I remain confident about our prospects for the remainder of the year in 2020 as we manage through what we expect to be a challenging environment.Our top priorities are executing our strategic plan and thoughtfully investing in our businesses for continued prudent organic growth while delivering the annual positive operating leverage. We're building long-term shareholder value by focusing on customers and top quartile financial performance with consistently disciplined risk management.And finally, we always like to end with a reminder to our shareholders that there is a high level of alignment between the Board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The Board and our colleagues are collectively at top 10 shareholder of Huntington and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance.So with that, thank you for your interest in Huntington. Mac many thanks to you, and congratulations. We appreciate all of you joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares second quarter earnings call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Sherri. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about 1 hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Pohle, Chief Credit Officer. Unfortunately, Huntington's Chairman, President and CEO, Steve Steinour, is unable to join us today.Earlier this week, while training for the upcoming Pelotonia charity bike ride, Steve injured his shoulder, requiring surgery, and that has prevented his participation in our second quarter earnings call today. He's already on the mend and expected to return to work in the coming days.As noted on slide two, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Mac.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Mark, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. We had a solid second quarter, reporting net income of $364 million, an increase of 3% from the year ago quarter. Earnings per common share were up $0.33, up 10% from the year ago quarter. Tangible book value per share ended the quarter at $7.97, also a 10% year-over-year increase. Our profitability ratios remain strong as our return on tangible common equity was 18%, and our return on assets was 1.36%. Total revenue increased 6% year-over-year.Average loans increased 4% year-over-year, including a 5% increase in consumer loans and a 4% increase in commercial loans. Average core deposits increased 4% year-over-year as we continue to fully fund loan growth with core deposits. Overall asset quality remained strong as most credit ratios remained near cyclical lows.As we guided to on the first quarter earnings conference call, net charge-offs declined this quarter back to a level below the low end of our average through-the-cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. As we have noted previously, we expect some quarter-to-quarter volatility given the very low loss and problem loan levels at which we are operating. Our ratios for nonperforming assets, delinquencies and criticized loans all remain very good.As briefly outlined on slide three, we developed Huntington strategies with a vision of creating a high-performing regional bank and delivering top quartile through-the-cycle shareholder returns. We continue to make profitable and meaningful long-term investments in our business, particularly around customer experience, to drive organic growth. This quarter, we were pleased to receive an important independent confirmation of our digital technology investments and our customer experience focused strategy with two awards from J.D. Power, the gold standard of customer satisfaction surveys in the U.S. Huntington received the highest scores in both the J.D.Power 2019 U.S. online banking and mobile app satisfaction studies. While some expressed skepticism that regional banks will be able to keep up with the large money center banks and a technology-driven economy, we believe this provides evidence that our focused technology investments and our strategy provide Huntington not just the opportunity to keep up but to remain industry-leading in our client acquisition and our customer satisfaction. We also prudently allocate our capital to ensure we are earning adequate returns and taking appropriate risk, consistent with our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite.This quarter, we took several actions to better position the balance sheet from an interest rate management perspective but also with respect to overall risk and return. We exited certain loans and high-cost deposit relationships which no longer met our return hurdles, and we repositioned a portion of the securities portfolio.I will discuss these actions in more detail in a few minutes. We are very pleased with how we are positioned. We have built sustainable competitive advantages in our key businesses that we believe are delivering and will continue to deliver top quartile financial performance in the future. We remain focused on driving sustained, long-term financial performance for our shareholders.Slide four illustrates our updated expectations for full year 2019 compared to our prior expectations. As you know, we previously provided our expectations assuming no change in short-term interest rates. However, this quarter, we are transitioning to provide our expectations based on the implied forward curve, which are provided in the column on the right side.Given the high likelihood that the Fed will reduce the Fed funds target rate at their meeting next week and the market expectations for multiple additional rate cuts over the coming year, we thought it was more conservative to adopt this interest rate outlook in our planning and forecasting process internally as well as externally in the expectations we communicate to you. We also have provided an unchanged rate view in the middle column on the slide.This quarter, we provided both interest rate scenarios so you can see the incremental steps between the two but do not plan to provide both views going forward. For the remainder of 2019, we intend to only provide expectations based on the implied forward rate scenario. Our view of the economy has not changed since last quarter's earnings call. We continue to have a constructive view of the local economies in our footprint, which we expect will translate into continued organic growth this year.While the volatility in the debt markets has signaled street concerns regarding the broader economy, what we are hearing from our customers remains positive. Businesses in our local markets generally continue to deliver good performance, and our commercial pipelines remain strong.Businesses in our footprint are investing in capital expenditures and expansions while the tight labor markets continue to constrain economic growth. Our commercial customers continue to tell us that finding employees is their biggest challenge. The job openings rate for the Midwest is the highest in the nation. Some of these businesses also have weathered the headwinds of ongoing tariff and trade disputes. Despite a slowing world economy and these headwinds, the data shows that exports have continued to grow in Ohio and other areas of our region. Across our footprint, consumers also remain upbeat with strong labor markets driving wage inflation, particularly at the lower compensation levels.In the 3 months ending May of 2019 and the 12 months ending May of 2019, unemployment rates declined in 18 of 20 of the largest MSAs in Huntington's footprint states. Additionally, consumer confidence in our regions generally stayed at the highest levels since 2000. Job openings continue to exceed unemployment levels in most of our markets. I would summarize by saying that we remain bullish in the economy and our footprint.As I have stated on several occasions this year, we do not see signs of a near-term economic downturn. Nonetheless, we are cognizant of the recent market volatility and global economic data that does not share the optimism of what we are seeing here in the Midwest. These ultimately could drive the Fed to adjust short-term interest rates lower.As we communicated on the last earnings call, we have taken steps to prepare for a more challenging interest rate outlook. We do not foresee a recession in the near term. However, our core earnings power, strong capital, aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite and our long-term strategic alignment position us to withstand economic headwinds. Our strategy is designed to drive more consistent performance across economic cycles. Let's turn to our revised full year 2019 expectations. We have modestly reduced our balance sheet growth expectations reflecting the balance sheet optimization efforts from the second quarter and a more competitive operating environment at the margin.We expect full year average loan growth in the range of 4% to 5% and full year average deposit growth in the range of 2% to 3%. We remain particularly focused on growing core deposits through acquiring core checking accounts and deepening customer relationships. We expect full year revenue growth of 3% to 4.5%. On a GAAP basis, full year 2018 NIM -- sorry, 2019 NIM is expected to be 3.25% to 3.30% range.This includes the negative impacts from the anticipated reduction in the benefit of purchase accounting and the cost of the incremental hedging strategy we implemented in the second quarter. Looking further out, our current modeling suggests that NIM will bottom out during the second half of 2019. As a result, we currently expect full year 2020 NIM should relatively consistent with full year 2019, allowing net interest income to grow in tandem with earning asset growth next year.As we have told you previously and are demonstrating with our actions, we remain committed to delivering positive operating leverage this year. We have moderated the expense growth outlook for 2019 in conjunction with the reduced revenue growth outlook. We have achieved this with a combination of reductions to discretionary spending and with the repacing of planned investments.Full year 2019 noninterest expense is now expected to increase 1% to 2.5%. We anticipate that full year 2019 net charge-offs will remain below our average through-the-cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Our expectation for the effective tax rate for the remainder of the year is in the 15.5% to 16.5% range. Slide five provides the highlights for the 2019 second quarter.Results reflected strong earnings momentum with double-digit growth rates in earnings per common share and tangible book value per share along with continuing improvement in our profitability ratios. We recorded net income of $364 million, an increase of 3% versus the year ago quarter. We reported earnings per common share of $0.33, up 10% year-over-year and tangible book value per common share ended the quarter at $7.97, a 10% year-over-year increase. Return on assets was 1.36%, return on common equity, 14% and return on tangible common equity was 18%. Our efficiency ratio for the quarter was 57.6%, up from 56.6% in the year ago quarter.And again, we reminded you in the first quarter call that the second quarter would be the peak efficiency ratio for the year. This modest increase reflects continued thoughtful investments in our colleagues and technology. For the full year, we continue to expect modest year-over-year improvement in our efficiency ratio consistent with driving annual positive operating leverage. Turning now to slide six. Average earning assets increased to $2.8 billion or 3% compared to the year ago quarter. Loan growth accounted for more than the entire increase as average loans and leases increased $3 billion or 4% year-over-year including a $1.7 billion or 5% increase in consumer loans and a $1.3 billion or 4% increase in commercial loans.Average commercial and industrial loans grew 6% from the year ago quarter and reflected the largest component of our year-over-year loan growth. C&I loan growth has been well diversified over the past year with notable growth in corporate banking, asset finance, dealer floor plan and middle market banking. We also continue to see good early traction in our new specialty lending verticals that were announced as part of the 2018 strategic plan. Alternatively, we continue to actively manage our commercial real estate portfolio around current levels with average CRE loans reflecting a 6% year-over-year decline.This reflects both anticipated and unanticipated pay downs as well as our strategic tightening of commercial real estate lending to ensure appropriate returns on capital and to manage risk. During the second quarter, we exited approximately $400 million of our commercial loans at renewal or through loan sales as part of our balance sheet optimization efforts.These loans no longer met our return hurdles and their exit allowed us to redeploy the associated funding into more attractive opportunities. Consumer loan growth remained centered in the residential mortgage and RV and marine portfolios, reflecting the well-managed expansion of these 2 businesses since the FirstMerit parent acquisition. Average residential mortgage loans increased 14% year-over-year.As we typically do, we sold agency-qualified mortgage production in the quarter and generally retained jumbo mortgages and specialty mortgage products. Average RV and marine loans increased 28% year-over-year as we continue to gain traction and market share across the 34-state footprint for this business. Average auto loans were flat year-over-year. Originations totaled $1.3 billion for the second quarter, down 19% year-over-year. As we have previously mentioned, we are executing a pricing strategy to optimize revenue via increased auto loan pricing that has resulted in lower production volumes, but that is a trade-off we like.New money yields on our auto originations averaged 4.63% during the second quarter, up 41 basis points from the year ago quarter. Over the past few weeks, new money yields in both auto and RV/marine have come under some pressure due to the year-to-date movements in the 2- the 5-year portion of the yield curve and increased competition. Finally, securities were down 4% year-over-year as we let the portfolio run off and utilized the cash flow to fund higher-yielding loans during 2019.During the 2019 second quarter, we sold 1 billion of securities as part of the balance sheet optimization efforts to reduce our reliance on short-term wholesale funding, repurchased $600 million of securities related to the hedging program, and late in the quarter, we remixed approximately $500 million of securities at a net benefit of approximately 20 basis points.Turning to slide seven. Average total deposits grew 3% year-over-year while average core deposits grew 4% year-over-year. Average money market deposits increased 11% year-over-year reflecting the shift in promotional pricing away from CDs to consumer money market accounts in mid-2018. Core certificates of deposit were up 54% from the year ago quarter primarily reflecting the consumer CD growth initiatives during the first 3 quarters of 2018. Average interest-bearing DDA deposits increased 3% year-over-year while average noninterest-bearing DDA deposits decreased 3%. Average total demand deposits were flat year-over-year.As shown on slide 32 in the appendix, we are very pleased that our consumer noninterest-bearing deposits increased 5% year-over-year as we continue to grow households and deepen relationships. We continue to see our commercial customers shift balances from noninterest-bearing DDA to interest-bearing products, primarily interest checking, hybrid checking and money market.Average savings and other domestic deposits decreased 9% primarily reflecting a continued shift in consumer product mix, particularly among legacy FirstMerit accounts as FirstMerit's promotional pricing strategy is focused on savings accounts compared to our primary focus on money market accounts. Importantly, our continued focus on core funding allowed for a 23% year-over-year reduction in noncore deposits.Moving down to slide eight. FTE net interest income increased $28 million or 4% versus the year ago quarter primarily driven by the 3% increase in average earning assets. We saw net interest margin expansion of 2 basis points to 3.31% compared to the 2018 second quarter as a result of disciplined asset and deposit pricing and the benefit of interest rate increases partially offset by the continued runoff of purchase accounting accretion. Moving to slide nine. Our core net interest margin for the second quarter was 3.26%, up 4 basis points from the year ago quarter. Purchase accounting accretion contributed 5 basis points to the net interest margin in the current quarter compared to 8 basis points in the year ago quarter.Slide 28 in the appendix provides information regarding the actual and scheduled impact of the FirstMerit purchase accounting accretion for 2019 and 2020. Turning to the earning asset yields. Our commercial loan yields increased 30 basis points year-over-year while consumer loan yields increased 33 basis points. Securities yields increased eight basis points. Our deposit costs remained well contained with the rate paid on total interest-bearing deposits of 97 basis points for the quarter, up 38 basis points year-over-year and up just three basis points sequentially. I might add that we expect total interest-bearing deposit costs to decline in both the third and the fourth quarters of 2019.Turning to slide 10. On a sequential basis, the GAAP NIM compressed 8 basis points and the core NIM compressed 7 basis points. The lower and inverted yield curve included the impact on LIBOR rates, accounted for approximately 3 basis points of the NIM compression, while the continued lift in deposit cost drove 2 basis points. The incremental hedging strategy implemented in the second quarter compressed the NIM by 1 basis point and is also expected to have a negative 1 basis point impact on the full year 2019 NIM, modestly better than the guidance we provided at an industry conference in May.Turning to slide 11. Slide 11 provides an update to a slide we presented at an industry conference during the second quarter that summarizes the incremental hedging strategy to reduce the downside risk from lower interest rates. The incremental hedges include both asset swaps and floors. We have now substantially completed implementation of the incremental hedges. However, as you should expect, we will continue to fine-tune the overall hedging program as the interest rate environment, balance sheet mix and other factors necessitate. It's also important to remember that we've had the cost of the hedging program, including the incremental hedging executed in the second quarter, in our guidance since late 2018.Turning to slide 12. Slide 12 illustrates our cycle-to-date interest-bearing deposit beta compared to peers. Our cumulative deposit beta remains low at 33%. We have been communicating that we believe the consumer core CD strategies we utilized over the first three quarters of 2018 would serve us well over time, effectively front-loading some of the deposit beta. You can see those benefits over the past 3 quarters as our cumulative data has not increased as quickly as peers and is now below the peer average. This quarter, the peer group's average cumulative beta increased 4% while we saw a 1% increase in our cumulative beta.Overall, commercial deposit competition was elevated throughout the second quarter, and competition for consumer deposits to date has not yet retrenched as much as expected despite the likely Fed rate cuts next week. Given this competitive environment and the near-term rate outlook, we've maintained our pricing discipline and shortened our promotional pricing terms such as utilizing a 6-month money market promotional rate compared to a 12-month promotion common in the marketplace. We also chose to fund loan growth through the securities sales that I mentioned earlier rather than paying up for high-cost commercial deposits.Looking forward, we have developed strategies down to the customer level to quickly react, particularly along our highest-cost deposits should the Fed cut rates next year -- next week as expected. We have also approximately $3 billion of securities in excess of what is needed for LCR that we could use as a funding source should market deposit pricing become unattractive. Slide 13 provides detail on our noninterest income, which increased 11% from the year ago quarter. Other noninterest income increased 48% year-over-year primarily due to the $15 million gain on the sale of our Wisconsin retail branches as well as the $5 million mark-to-market adjustment on economic hedges.Subsequent to quarter end, we redesignated all the economic hedges as cash flow hedges. So beginning in 3Q of '19, all the swaps and floors will be accounted for as cash flow hedges. Capital market fees were up 31% versus the year ago quarter primarily reflecting the acquisition of Hutchinson, Shockey and Erley in the 2018 fourth quarter. Mortgage banking income increased 21% primarily reflecting higher secondary market spreads. On a linked quarter basis, mortgage banking income also benefited from seasonality and, to a lesser extent, lower mortgage interest rates during the quarter.Slide 14 provides the components of the 7% year-over-year growth in noninterest expense. As we mentioned on the last earnings call, we expected noninterest expense to increase $40 million to $50 million linked quarter, with 2/3 of that coming from normal seasonality and compensation expense as a result of the annual grant of our long-term incentive compensation in May as well as the May implementation of annual merit increases. Personnel expense increased 8% year-over-year primarily reflecting these actions. Further increasing personnel expense year-over-year was the continued hiring of experienced bankers in our new lending verticals as well as adding colleagues in our digital and technology areas related to the 2018 strategic plan initiatives.Outside data processing and other services increased 29% year-over-year driven by ongoing technology investment costs. Other noninterest expense increased 24% primarily reflecting a $5 million donation to the Columbus Foundation and the impact of new lease accounting standards on personal property tax expense. Partially offsetting these increases, deposit and other insurance expense decreased 56% due to the discontinuation of the FDI surcharge in the 2018 fourth quarter. Slide 15 illustrates the continued strength of our capital ratios. The tangible common equity ratio ended the quarter at 7.80%, up 2 basis points from the year ago quarter.The common equity Tier 1 ratio ended the quarter at 9.88%, down 65% year-over-year but up 4 basis points linked quarter. We continue to manage CET1 within our 9% to 10% operating guideline with a bias towards the operating end of the range. We repurchased 71.8 million common shares over the last 4 quarters. During the 2019 second quarter, we repurchased 11.3 million common shares at an average cost of $13.40 per share, representing the remaining $152 million of common stock repurchase authorization in the 2018 capital plan.As we announced last month, our 2019 capital plan reflects our previously articulated priorities to fund organic growth first; to support the cash dividend second; and third, to pursue all other capital uses including buybacks. These capital priorities have not changed. The 2019 capital plan includes a 7% increase in the quarterly dividend rate to $0.15 per share beginning with the dividend that the Board declared last week and payable in October. Last week, the Board also approved a new authorization for the repurchase of up to 513 million of common shares over the next 4 quarters.Let me now turn it over to Rich to cover slide 16 with the credit trends for the quarter. Rich?
Rich Pohle: Thanks, Mac. Slide 16 provides a snapshot of key quality metrics for the quarter, which remain strong. Consistent prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntington's core principles, and our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined approach to risk management and our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite. We booked loan loss provision expense of $58 million in the second quarter and net charge-offs of $48 million. Our provision expense has not exceeded net charge-offs in 6 of the past 7 quarters, illustrating our high-quality earnings.Net charge-offs represented an annualized 25 basis points of average loans and leases in the current quarter, up from 16 basis points in the year ago quarter and, as expected, down from 38 basis points in the prior quarter. There is additional granularity on charge-offs by portfolio in the analyst package on the slides, and there was no industry concentration to speak of. The allowance for loan and lease losses, or ALLL, as a percentage of loans remained relatively stable at 1.03%, up 1 basis point linked quarter.The nonperforming asset ratio remained flat linked quarter and increased 4 basis points year-over-year to 61 basis points. The year-over-year increases was centered in the C&I portfolio partially offset by decreases in the commercial real estate, residential mortgage and home equity portfolios. There was also a year-over-year increase in other NPAs associated with the investment portfolio. Overall, asset quality metrics remain near cyclical bests. And as we have noted previously, some quarterly volatility is expected given the absolute low level of problem loans.I'll now turn it back to Mac for some closing remarks.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Rich. Slide 17 highlights the actions we have taken since 2009 resulting in our current industry-leading profitability metrics. Our 14% return on common equity and 18% return on tangible common equity positions Huntington as a top-performing regional bank. We are building a best-in-class return profile at Huntington, and we are excited about the opportunities that this creates.Let me turn it back over to Mark so we can get to your questions.
Mark Muth: Thanks, Mac. Sherri. We will now take questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed.
Scott Siefers: Hey, good morning guys. Thanks for taking the question. Mac, I just wanted to ask a little about the margin guidance. So I guess first of all, just appreciate the commentary with both the just the flat rate and the implied forward curve. That's helpful, so thank you for that.But then just as you look at the anticipated contraction in the margin for the second half of the year, just given that it implies some severe contraction in the back half, I wonder if you could just walk through what the main nuances would be that would allow you to come in toward the higher end versus the lower end. In other words, how do we get to the median part of the range?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Scott. I think the wild card of the mix is going to be what happens with core deposit growth and the cost of core deposits. Right now, we're very pleased with the growth that we're seeing. We're being selective in terms of the commercial deposits and paying up for commercial deposits, but we're seeing good growth on the consumer side. And I would tell you that competition in our region is rational. As I mentioned in the script, we have taken our deposit strategy and tactics to a different place relative to the peers.We've become, I think, less aggressive in terms of incremental pricing as we enter this lower-rate environment, but we're comfortable with that just given some of the strength we see on the consumer deposit side but also the excess liquidity that we have in terms of being able to release securities and use that funding to basically put higher-margin loans on the balance sheet. So it's really the cost of deposits and the deposits got a growth in the second half, but I'm confident that we're well positioned for that.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Perfect. And then just separately, so expenses will have to come down fairly meaningfully in the second half of the year. I know there was a lot of seasonality that hit the second quarter numbers. So presumably, there's some relief in sight. But just wondering if you could talk for a second about kind of the puts and takes on the cost side as we enter the second half of the year, please.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Sure. So we've been, I think, pretty transparent around the opportunities that we have to adjust our expense growth in 2019 for the revenue environments and what we see happening with interest rates going forward. We've started to take those actions. A lot of the expense growth in 2019 has come out of strategic initiatives that we put in place in 2018 through the strategic planning process. We've deferred some of those investments.However, we are continuing to make investments and the initiatives that we think are most beneficial from our revenue growth or risk perspective or just thinking about what we need to do from technology development, particularly in digital.Those investments are still on the table. So we've been, I think, appropriately prudent in terms of the investments that we're continuing with, and there's always the likelihood that the rate environment turns out better than what is being foreshadowed right now that we would put more of those investments back on the table. So we believe we've got the capability to manage the positive operating leverage in 2019. And certainly for 2020, it's going to depend on where the revenue environment goes, but we still have expense levers that we can pull.
Scott Siefers: Okay that's perfect. Thank you very much Mac, I appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed.
Jon Arfstrom: Thanks, good morning guys.
Mac McCullough: Good morning Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: The question a little bit about commercial lending. You talked about the exit of 400 million commercial balances. I don't know if it's for you, Rich, but curious, can we expect more of that? And can you maybe talk about some of the primary reasons behind some of those decisions?
Rich Pohle: Yes. Jon, it's Rich. I think a lot of the decision on the 400 million was just around rate and yield. And as we looked to optimize the balance sheet, I think we focused on low-yielding assets that may not have been part of the primary bank relationship that really just didn't make sense to continue moving forward on. So I would say that we're going to continue to look at customer profitability going forward.And to the extent that we have borrowers that don't meet our relationships, we'll look to make adjustments, either try to strengthen that relationship and make it more profitable or look to exit. So I think Q2 had a fair number exits in there, and I would say it's just a continuing process going forward as we focus on the balance sheet and where we can be most profitable.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Jon, it's Mac. So I might add, this is the play that we ran in 2017 with great success. We -- I think when we did this in 2017, we picked up about 41 basis points of CET1. So we do this on a regular basis. We're always looking at the balance sheet at a very granular level. And in this environment, we just think it's a prudent thing to do to make sure that our capital is working hard and that we're putting ourselves in the position to fund the balance sheet and get the right returns in this environment.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. It make sense. And I guess that goes to my next follow-up here is just the loan growth numbers. You took in the -- it's very subtle and modest, but you took in a higher range of loan growth range and also deposits, and can you just maybe talk a little bit about that, the purpose of that?
Mac McCullough: Yes. So part of it is the -- what we continue to do from an auto perspective. We continue to price for profitability as opposed to the volume, so that continues to be the play that we're running. And I think we just became on the margin a bit more conservative in terms of what we would expect from growth on the loan side in 2019, not because the pipelines are in worse shape because they're actually in really good shape, but I think the mood here is just one of caution and just making sure that we're careful and we put on the balance sheet what we feel comfortable with.But from a deposit perspective, it has everything to do with the tactics that we're taking in the marketplace where we're leading the market down from a CD perspective -- CD pricing perspective and also the tactics that we're using to raise money market deposits. We're using a 6-month guaranteed term on rate, and the market is still at a 12-month. So we do expect that this will have some incremental impact on deposit growth, but we're fine with that. As I mentioned, we've got the excess liquidity that we can always fall back on.And I guess the other part of that is just commercial deposit pricing and not wanting to pay up for deposits in this environment. We certainly take a look at the relationships, as Rich mentioned. And to the extent it's a deep relationship or a potential for a deep relationship, we certainly work with the client. But I have no interest in $100 million with no other relationship and paying up for that deposit at this point in time. So the growth rates reflect those tactics and strategies.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, all right, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Foran with Autonomous Research. Please proceed.
Brian Foran: Hey, good morning. I wish I had $100 million deposit, to give you.
Mac McCullough: The largely you brought other products along with that we'd be fine.
Brian Foran: The, so on the NIM, you kind of talked about the bottoming in the second half of '19 and I think you said stable in 2020. And I just wanted to clarify are you talking the stable relative to the 3.25% to 3.30% full year range? Or are you thinking more stable to whatever the fourth quarter exit run rate NIM is?
Mac McCullough: Yes. Brian, that's a great question. This was full year 2019 NIM of 3.25% to 3.30%. We expect it to be stable in 2020 in that range.
Brian Foran: And I mean I guess that seems to imply a little bit of a bounce back up in 2020. Is it deposit pricing catch-up? Or what would kind of make the 2020 NIM maybe slightly higher than the fourth quarter exit for the year?
Mac McCullough: Yes. As you might expect, deposit pricing is going to have a bit of a lag to it. So we actually see the largest benefit from -- well, we expect from a deposit pricing perspective in the fourth quarter of 2019, and that will continue into 2020 along with the impacts of the hedge program. Assuming we get the implied forward curve the way it is currently forecast, the hedge program will kick in and give us some incremental margin to help offset what's happened in the rate environment.
Mark Muth: Brian, this is Mark. Remember, the CD campaign last year and the first 3 quarters, those all mature beginning in the third quarter. So as those roll off, we're assuming they'll reprice down nicely.
Brian Foran: And if I could sneak in one less clarification or expansion, I think you mentioned July auto pricing competition might have picked up a little bit. Can you just maybe give a little bit more color on what you saw there?
Mac McCullough: Yes. We've been pretty consistent in terms of raising pricing in the marketplace. It's been a good play for us. We typically see the competition follow. But in this environment, as we had some of the higher rates out, we felt that maybe we weren't getting the right type of customer, maybe a slight deterioration in some of the credit metrics. And so we quickly changed the pricing strategy, and everything fell back into place the way we would expect to see it. But that is the barometer that we use.I mean we have a box for credit on the auto book that we don't move outside of. And we change pricing based upon what we see happening, and that, of course, takes into consideration many factors, what's happening in the marketplace, what's happening with competition, what's happening with interest rates, but the one variable that we hold constant when thinking about pricing in the auto book is where we're at from a credit perspective.
Mark Muth: And on the boat and RV side, we've seen a couple of new entrants into the market and one legacy participant expand nationally, and the combination of those 3 has significantly increased pricing competition for boat and RV loans here over the last few months.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed.
John Pancari: Morning, regarding your 2019 to 2021 longer-term goals -- or medium-term goals, should we call it, I noticed you didn't include them in the -- in your slides or mention them. So I just wanted to see if you have any updated thoughts on those targets, particularly around the efficiency guidance of 53% to 56% and also in the ROTCE outlook for 17% to 20%.
Mac McCullough: Yes. No, we're still comfortable with those long-term targets. Didn't mean to signal anything by not including them in the slide deck or the presentation. So those are our targets for the next 3 to 5 years.
John Pancari: Okay. Great. And then separately on the 2019 revenue outlook of 3% to 4.5%, can you give us a little bit more detail how that would break out between spread revenue and fees? And then also, has your fee income outlook changed at all? And if so, what is changing that view?
Mac McCullough: Yes. So we're having a really good year on the fee side. Capital markets continues to perform very well. We're making smart investments in that business. We've got a terrific team and a really good opportunity across the franchise, in particular when you think about the FirstMerit legacy customers and some of the capabilities that we bring to that customer base. We still have opportunities as it relates to capital markets products and being able to have deeper relationships with those customers. We got a good product set, and we feel very good about the outlook for that business. It's going to continuing to grow, assuming the economy cooperates.Treasury management is another place for us that we feel very good with the momentum and what we're seeing in the field. In particular, we're seeing some new product capabilities in the business banking space that is actually producing some incremental growth that we expected and excited to see developing. So that's a category that works for us as well. And then mortgage, we do expect that we're going to have continued good results in 2019. We're going to continue to see good refinance opportunities, and the secondary marketing spread has actually improved as well so that helps.And then we continue to grow households. I mean we're continuing to grow consumer households. We're continuing to see deposit service charges increase in conjunction with that household growth, and we're getting good deposit growth out of that expansion in households as well. So the growth in 2019 is going to be weighted more on a percentage basis to fee income, which is partially some of the strength in the categories that I mentioned but also the rate environment and what's happening to the -- for the NIM. But very excited about the momentum we have on the fee side.
John Pancari: Okay. So that 3% to 4.5% revenue outlook for '19, that did come down, but that was mainly all spread income then, correct?
Mac McCullough: That would be correct, yes.
John Pancari: Got it. All right, thanks, Mac.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Ken Zerbe: Thank you. Hi, guys I guess my first question is in terms of the hedging that you did this quarter, accelerating your hedging. We've heard from some other banks this quarter that they did not do hedging or that they thought because the curve was pricing in a significant decline in rates, the hedging was not the right decision for them. Can you just talk about why accelerating your hedging was the right decision for Huntington and maybe differ from other banks? And what are you assuming in terms of the rate outlook from here that makes it the right choice?
Mac McCullough: So our implied outlook has the Fed decreasing in July and September of this year and May and October of 2020. So basically, we began the hedge program, I think, at a time when we felt the economics of putting the hedge on made sense relative to the outlook we had for the environment and what was going to happen to interest rates going forward. There certainly came a time when I would say that the benefit was fully reflected in the price of those hedges and we pulled back, but we felt that we got the program in place to the extent that it stabilized the margin going forward, which is what we were trying to accomplish.So clearly, different of every bank in terms of where you're at from an asset liability position and the mix of your balance sheet and what you expect from growth going forward, but we feel that we kind of hit it right in terms of what we did and the impact that it's going to have on the margin going forward.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. Great. And then just as a follow-up, maybe just a clarification for us, I think you mentioned all your swaps and floors next quarter are going to be considered cash flow hedges. Can you just remind us what that means and why it's better than something else?
Mac McCullough: So the economic hedges that we have running through fee income at this point as they get mark-to-market, we did not set those up to qualify for hedge accounting. So basically, we would match them up with, say, a commercial loan portfolio, and through that, we would get hedge accounting that would allow us to reflect the benefit or the detriment of those derivatives through the margin.The economic hedges that we moved up into the category to get hedge accounting, they did flow through the fee income in the second quarter and I think a little bit in the first quarter as well. But basically, I'd rather have the impact in the margin. And we have the capacity to basically reflect those as qualifying for hedge accounting, and we did that actually early in the third quarter.
Mark Muth: Yes. Ken, so that $5 million mark-to-market that hit fee income this quarter, going forward, that would run through OCI instead of through the P&L.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed.
Peter Winter: I was looking at the loan-to-deposit ratio and it's been creeping up a little bit, and I'm just wondering is there a certain level that you wouldn't want to see it go above.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Peter, we don't want that to go above 100%. That's the view that we have on that. It has been creeping up a bit. We've continued to see good asset growth. And as I've mentioned, we've been a bit more conservative in terms of pricing deposits, particularly on the commercial side. So we manage that very carefully. We obviously have levers that we can pull to manage that ratio, but that would be the limit that we would have in mind.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then just on the borrowing side, I guess, the $12 billion in borrowings, I was just curious, how much is floating versus fixed rate? I just want to get an idea how much could come down in cost if -- when the Fed starts cutting rates.
Mac McCullough: Yes. We typically swap our debt to the floating rates, and I believe we have all the swaps to floating at this point in time.
Peter Winter: Got it. That's great. Thanks, Mac.
Mac McCullough: Okay. Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Steven Alexopoulos: Given, I wanted to follow up on the NIM questions. So given how meaningful you increased the hedges in the quarter, the NIM kind of feels worse than expected. Even looking at the midpoint of the guidance implies considerable pressure in the back half. Mac, with the hedges in place what do you estimate the impact to NIM from every 25 basis point cut? I mean what's a reasonable range?
Mac McCullough: Yes. So 25 basis point shock would be about a $24 million annual impact, so that would be a 12-month impact after a 25 basis point shock.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. That's helpful. We could work that out. Okay. And then in terms of deciding how much downward pressure to place on expense growth, is there a minimum level of positive operating leverage that you're targeting for 2019?
Mac McCullough: Steven, I would say that there's not a minimum level. We're -- our target is to achieve positive operating leverage. We're very cognizant and aware of the environment, and we're very careful in terms of how we think about expense opportunities. We're continuing to invest for growth even in the metrics and the numbers that I've communicated to you today, and we feel that's an important component of being able to really create value going forward as driving the top line. We're long-term shareholders.The management team and the Board of Huntington would be in the top 10 shareholders of the company without a doubt, probably a little bit higher. So yes, they're -- it probably doesn't have the impact that you might expect to see simply because rates dropped very quickly and expectations changed very quickly. And it would've been obviously much more lucrative to put the positions on earlier, but again, we're comfortable with what we got done and feel good about how the margin is going to perform going forward.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin St. Pierre with KSP Research. Please proceed.
Kevin St. Pierre: Hi, good morning. how are you doing.
Mac McCullough: Good.
Kevin St. Pierre: So Mac, I wanted to follow up on your comments on the customer experience and the J.D. Power awards, and THAT all sounds great. I just was wondering if you could speak to your overall mobile digital strategy. What you do in-house? What you outsource? And how that fits in with your overall branching strategy.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Kevin. So we've got a real focus on making sure that from a customer experience perspective, we are investing really across many different areas of the bank, but in particular digital technology, to just improve customer experience. So we view investments like this as really driving improved customer experience, customer satisfaction and trust, that's the scorecard.We don't try to build every capability that some of the larger banks have, but we build the capabilities that we think we need that are going to drive the experience that we want for our customers. So I think that's the way we approach it, and we've allocated more and more expense every year to -- or investment every year to the digital technology and what we need to do there.So when you think about maybe a proof point for that, we rolled The Hub out, which is our new online banking platform, probably about 8 or 9 months ago. And we believe that there's a direct correlation between the vision that we have for what we wanted to try to accomplish, which was all focused on customer experience and customer satisfaction, and what we delivered with The Hub we feel actually resulted in the J.D. Power awards that we just won.So again, we don't invest in technology for technology's sake. We invest in technology to make sure that we further our strategy and our differentiation around customer experience, and I think we got a good proof point this quarter with the J.D. Power award.
Kevin St. Pierre: Great. And then do you have any sense how you're doing with millennials versus older customers?
Mac McCullough: We believe that we're making progress there, and I will tell you it is a real focus of ours. Clearly, we have some proof points that we believe the millennials enjoy The Hub in terms of what we deliver, and it is a focus for us. I mean, clearly, when you think about who is more likely to be changing accounts or changing banks, it's likely going to be the younger generation. And we need to have the digital capabilities that will attract them and make them feel like we're the bank for them, and that is exactly what we're trying to accomplish. So I think we continue to make good progress there.
Kevin St. Pierre: Great, thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Our next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Ken Usdin: Hi, thanks, good morning guys. Mac, on the optimization that you've been doing in the loan and securities portfolio, how much more work do you still have ahead there that you're aiming to accomplish? Or did you get effectively what you wanted to do done in the second quarter? And how do you think about, like, what buckets that would still come from if there's more?
Mac McCullough: Yes. So clearly, we still have opportunity on the securities portfolio if we decided to go down that path. We think we have up to $3 billion of securities that we could take off the sheet to provide incremental funding if we go down that path. What I would tell you on the loan side is that we likely still have opportunity there. We do a lot of the work today on Excel spreadsheets and some other tools that we have to help us understand relationship profitability, but we're implementing a new application later this year that will allow us to do this in real time and actually start to have better information for relationship managers around the depth of their relationship and the profitability of their relationship and their efficiency around capital usage.So I do expect that we're going to continue to get better at this. I do think we're going to find additional opportunities. Our first preference is always to deepen the relationship and make sure that we get to a level of profitability that reflects the capital that we're allocating to that customer. But we're going to manage this appropriately, and we're going to get the right returns for our shareholders.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then just one on credit to follow up on that. So you had previously mentioned a need to rebuild the reserve. Credit is remaining very good. You're slowing loan growth in part because of the rationalization and a little bit on the competition, as you mentioned. Do you need to -- does that change the need to build the reserve at all in terms of just what you're putting on versus what you're not and the optimization underneath?Yes. Well...
Mac McCullough: Yes. Go ahead.
Mark Muth: I mean I think when we look at the reserve and where that is and what we do on a quarterly basis, I mean, there are things that we look at just beyond loan growth. I mean, certainly, that's a part of it. We look at the composition and the mix of the portfolio. There's a number of factors that go into the provision. Certainly, we have an eye towards keeping the provision level at a certain percentage of loans and NPAs and other criticized measurements. So I think we want to continue to look at the reserve quarterly and make sure that it's sufficient for today and going forward.
Ken Usdin: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Brock Vandervliet with UBS. Please proceed.
Brock Vandervliet: Hi, Good morning. Great. I just wanted to actually follow on that question just to kind of square the circle here. End-of-period growth -- loan growth is virtually flat. It sounds like you're cautious going forward. You've done a bit of repositioning. Should loan growth pick up a bit in the second half? Or shouldn't we expect that?
Mac McCullough: No. I think you'll see loan growth pick up in the second half. I mean you have to remember when you're looking at period end, we did say 400 million off the sheet during the quarter Right?
Brock Vandervliet: Yes.
Mac McCullough: And -- but again, the thing that I've communicated time and time again about 2019 is the fact that we have a lot of flexibility in terms of how we manage our financials in 2019. The growth that we were expecting from the loan portfolio was not heroic on a period end to period end basis. And again, some of the liquidity that we have on the balance sheet gave us flexibility in terms of how we manage deposit pricing.And then on the expense side, we had appropriate flexibility to be able to manage the positive operating leverage for 2019. So you will see continued loan growth. The pipelines are in good shape. We're going to be cautious as we move through 2019 and understand what's going to happen from an economy perspective, but you just need to take some of those factors into consideration when you take a look at the period end numbers.
Brock Vandervliet: Okay. Great. And just quickly on hedging. Earlier in the year, you had mentioned a goal of down 1% and a down 100 basis point ramp. You're 1.8% now. Obviously, the market has changed. Hedges are much more expensive. It sounds like you're not anticipating adding much more there based on the cost and based on your view of the forward curve. Is that accurate?
Mac McCullough: That would be correct. We will optimize our current position, but optimize is optimize. And I would tell you that we're in good shape in terms of how we're positioned right now with our hedges.
Brock Vandervliet: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: That concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Mac for closing remarks.
Mac McCullough: Thank you, Sherri. I'm pleased with our solid results in the first half of the year, particularly given the significant amount of market volatility and the movement in the yield curve we have witnessed. I'm really confident about our prospects for the full year as we manage through what we expect to be a changing -- a challenging environment.Our top priorities are executing our strategic plan to prudently grow revenue and to thoughtfully invest in our businesses for continued organic growth while also delivering annual positive operating leverage. We are building long-term shareholder value through a diligent focus on top quartile financial performance and consistently disciplined risk management.And finally, as always, we'd like to end with a reminder to our shareholders that there's a high level of alignment between the Board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The Board and our colleagues are collectively a top 10 shareholder of Huntington, and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. Thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining the call today. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Donna. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about 1 hour from the close of today's call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, will also be participating in the Q&A portion of today's call. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Mark and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. We had a solid start to the year in the first quarter. Reporting net income of $358 million an increase of 10% from the year ago quarter. Earnings per common share were $0.32, up 14% from the year ago quarter. Our profitability ratios remain strong as our return on tangible common equity was 18%, and our return on assets was 1.35%. Average loans increased 6% year-over-year, including a 7% increase in consumer loans and a 5% increase in commercial loans. Average core deposits increased 8% year-over-year, reflecting our attempt to fully fund low growth with core deposits. We're pleased with the first quarter efficiency ratio of less than 56% down from 57% the year ago, driven by a 5% year-over-year revenue growth as well as expense discipline. Overall asset quality remains strong as most credit ratios remain near cyclical lows. As we foreshadowed in our remarks with two conferences during the first quarter, net charge-offs ticked modestly higher this quarter, as a result of two unrelated commercial credits. Still with these two items, net charge-offs were near the low end of our average through the cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. And as we've noted previously, we expect some quarter-to-quarter volatility given the very low loss and problem loan levels at which we're operating. Our ratios for NPAs, delinquencies and criticized loans all remain very good. As briefly outlined on Slide 3, we developed Huntington strategies with a vision of creating a high performing regional bank and delivering top quartile through the cycle shareholder returns. Our first quarter profitability reflects continued progress towards this aspiration. We continue to make thoughtful and meaningful long-term investments in our businesses particularly around customer experience in order to drive organic growth. We also prudently allocate our capital to ensure we are earning adequate returns and taking appropriate risk consistent with our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite. We are very pleased with how we are positioned. We built sustainable competitive advantages in our key businesses that we believe are and will continue to deliver top quartile financial performance in the future. We remain focused on driving sustain long-term financial performance for our shareholders. Slide 4 illustrates our current expectations for the full year 2019 and our new long-term financial goals. We continue to have a very constructive view of the local economies in our footprint, which we expect will translate into continued organic growth this year. What we are hearing from our customers remains positive. Businesses in our local markets generally continued to deliver good performance. While the first quarter tends to be our seasonally slowest quarter for commercial lending activity, our commercial pipelines have remained steady. Businesses in our footprint, our investing in capital expenditures and expansions of the tight labor markets continue to constraint economic growth. Our commercial customers continue to tell us that finding employees is their biggest challenge. Some of these businesses have also weathered the headwinds of ongoing tariff and trade disputes. Across our footprint, consumers also remain upbeat with strong labor market striving wage inflation. In the three months ending February 18 of our 20 largest footprint, MSA's saw unemployment rates decline, while the remaining two MSA's were unchanged. Additionally, consumer competence in our region is generally stayed at the highest levels since 2000. Job openings continue to exceed unemployment levels in most of our markets. So to summarize, we're saying that we remain bullish on the economy in our footprint within our businesses. We do not see signs of a near-term economic downturn, but nonetheless we are cognizant of recent market volatility and mixed economic data, particularly in December and earlier this year, as well as the recent short-lived inversion of the yield curve. As we communicated on the last earnings call, we removed all rate hikes for our forecast and had been taking steps to prepare for a more challenging interest rate outlook. We do not foresee a recession in the near-term. However, our core earnings power, strong capital, aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite and our long-term strategic alignment position us to withstand economic headwinds. Our strategy is designed to drive more consistent performance across economic cycles. Our full year 2019 expectations remain unchanged from what we discussed in the fourth quarter earnings call in January. We expect full year average loan growth in the range of 4% to 6%, full year average deposit growth is also expected to be 4% to 6%. As we remain focused on acquiring core checking accounts and deepening customer relationships. We expect full year revenue growth of 4% to 7%, the full year NIM is expected to remain relatively flat on a GAAP basis versus 2018, inclusive of the anticipated reduction in the benefits of purchase accounting and the cost of the hedging strategy we began implementing in the first quarter of this year. The full year core NIM is expected to modestly expand. Net interest expense is expected to increase 2% to 4% consistent with our stated priorities. We continue to target annual positive operating leverage in 2019. Now as Mac noted in the conference presentations during the first quarter. We expect our normal seasonal increase in compensation and marketing expenses during the second quarter resolving in a peak quarterly efficiency ratio for the year in the second quarter. We anticipate full year 2019 net charge-offs will remain below our average through the cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Our expectations for the full year effective tax rate is in the 15.5% to 16.5% range. So with that, Mac will not provide an overview of our financial performance. Mac, Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Steve and good morning, everyone. Slide 5 provides the highlights for the 2019 first quarter. Results reflected strong earnings momentum with double digit growth rates in net income and earnings per common share along with continued improvement in our profitability ratios. We recorded net income of $358 million, an increase of 10% versus the year ago quarter. We reported earnings per common share of $0.32, up 14% year-over-year. Tangible book value per common share was $7.67, an 8% year-over-year increase. Return on assets was 1.3%, return on common equity was 14% and return on tangible common equity was 18%. Our efficiency ratio for the quarter was 55.8% down from 56.8% in the year ago quarter. We saw net interest margin expansion of 9 basis points to 3.39% compared to the 2018 first quarter, as a result of disciplined asset and deposit pricing, and the benefit of interest rate increases partially offset by the concede runoff of purchase accounting accretion. Turning now to Slide 6. Average earning assets increased $3.8 billion or 4% compared to the year ago quarter. Low growth accounted for more than the entire increase as average loans and leases increased $4.3 billion or 6% year-over-year, including a $2.5 billion or 7% increase in consumer loans and a $1.8 billion or 5% increase in commercial loans. Aided by the strong loan production late in the fourth quarter, average commercial and industrial loans grew 8% from the first quarter of 2018 and reflective of the largest component of our year-over-year loan growth. C&I loan growth has been well diversified over the past year with notable growth in corporate banking, asset finance, dealer floorplan and middle market banking. We're also seeing good early traction in our new specialty lending verticals that we announced as part of the 2018 strategic plan. Alternatively, we can actively manage our commercial real estate portfolio around current levels with average CRE loans reflecting a 6% year-over-year decrease. This reflects anticipated pay downs as well as our strategic tightening of commercial real estate lending to ensure appropriate returns on capital and to manage risk. Consumer loan growth remains centered in the residential mortgage and RV and marine portfolios reflecting the well managed expansion of these two businesses over the past two years. Average residential mortgage loans increased 18% year-over-year, as we typically do, we sold the agency-qualified mortgage production in the quarter and retained jumbo mortgages and specialty mortgage products. Average RV and marine loans increased 33% year-over-year. Average auto loans increased 2% year-over-year as a result of consistent disciplined loan production. Originations total $1.2 billion for the first quarter, down 14% year-over-year. As we have previously mentioned, we are executing a pricing strategy to optimize revenue via increased auto loan pricing that has resulted in a lower production volumes, but that is a trade off we like. New money yields on our auto originations averaged 4.73% during the first quarter, up 85 basis points from the year ago quarter. The increase in other earning assets shown on this slide reflects the inclusion of deposit balances with the Federal Reserve Bank. These balances were treated as non-earning assets prior to the fourth quarter of 2018. Finally, securities were down 5% year-over-year, as we let the portfolio runoff and utilize the cash flows to fund higher yielding loans during 2018. During the 2019 first quarter, we began reinvesting portfolio cash flows in new securities driving the linked quarter increase. Turning now to Slide 7. Average total deposits and average core deposits both grew 8% year-over-year. Core certificates of deposit were up 164% from the year ago quarter primarily reflecting the consumer CD growth initiatives during the first three quarters of 2018. Average money market deposit increased 11% year-over-year, primarily reflecting the shift in promotional pricing away from CDs to consumer money market accounts in mid 2018. Average interest bearing DDA deposits increased 6% year-over-year. While average non-interest bearing DDA deposits decreased 3%. As shown on Slide 30 in the appendix, we are very pleased that our consumer non-interest bearing deposits increased 5% year-over-year, as we continue to grow households and deepen relationships. We continue to see our commercial customers shift balances from non-interest bearing DDA to interest bearing products, primarily interest checking, hybrid checking and money market. Average savings and other domestic deposits decreased 8%, primarily reflecting the continued shift in consumer product mix, particularly among legacy FirstMerit accounts, as FirstMerit's promotional pricing strategies focused on savings accounts compared to our primary focus on money market. Significantly, our continued focus on core funding resulted in a 56% year-over-year reduction in average short term borrowings. Moving now to Slide 8, FTE net interest income increased $52 million or 7% versus the year ago quarter, driving this growth was the 4% increase in average earning assets raising yields in both our consumer and commercial loan portfolios and disciplined deposit pricing. Our GAAP net interest margin was 3.39% for the first quarter, up 9 basis points from the year ago quarter. The net interest margin decreased 2%  2 basis points linked quarter. Moving to Slide 9, our core net interest margin for the first quarter was 3.33%, up 11 basis points from the year ago quarter. Purchase accounting accretion contributed 6 basis points to the net interest margin in the current quarter compared to 8 basis points in the year ago quarter. Slide 26 in the appendix provides information regarding the actual and scheduled impact of the FirstMerit purchase accounting for 2019 and 2020. On a sequential quarter basis, the core NIM compressed 1 basis point equivalent to the linked quarter decline the contribution from purchase accounting accretion. As a reminder, the 2018 fourth quarter both GAAP and core NIMs benefited from 2 basis points of higher than normal commercial interest recoveries. Turning to the earning asset yields, our commercial loan yields increased 65 basis points year-over-year, while consumer loan yields increased 41 basis points. Our deposit costs remain well contained with the rate paid on total interest-bearing deposits of 94 basis points for the quarter, up 51 basis points year-over-year. Compared to the prior quarter, our total interest-bearing deposits costs increased 10 basis points. Slide 10 illustrates our cycle-to-date interest-bearing deposit beta compared to peers. Our cumulative deposit beta remains low at 32%. We have been communicating that we believe that consumer core CD strategies, we utilized over the first three quarters of 2018 would serve us well over time, effectively front-loading some of the deposit beta. You can see those benefits over the past two quarters as our cumulative beta has not increased as quickly as our peers. This quarter of the peer group average cumulative beta increased 4%, what we saw 2% increase in our cumulative beta. As we've mentioned in the last couple quarters overall deposit pricing remains rational in our markets. Assuming no additional rate increases, our current forecast assumes modest continued upward pressure on deposit cost driven by continued mixed shifts and incremental deposit growth from higher cost products, particularly money market. Slide 11 provides detail on our non-interest income, which increased 2% from the year ago quarter. Gain on sale of loans and leases increased 63% year-over-year, primarily reflecting the gain on the sale of asset finance leases and higher SBA loan sales. Mortgage banking income decreased 19%, primarily reflecting a $3 million loss on net mortgage servicing rights in the quarter and lower origination volume. Capital markets fees were relatively flat year-over-year, but there were few notable items impacting this line. First, during the 2019 first quarter, we recognized $6 million unfavorable commodity derivative mark-to-market adjustment related to a commercial customer. Partially offsetting this, the Hutchinson, Shockey and Erley acquisition which closed in October of 2018 contributed $5 million of capital markets be used during the 2019 first quarter. Finally, when not impacting the comparisons. We moved syndication fees, which were about $3 million in the 2019 first quarter, compared to $2 million in the year ago quarter into this line item. Syndication fees were previously included in other income. While down sequentially, due to normal seasonality, we continue to see positive momentum within our two largest contributors in non-interest income, the deposit service charges and cards and payments processing fees both posted year-over-year growth. We've been executing our new strategic plan for two quarters now and we're thoughtfully investing in our Colleagues and Digital Technology in our brand. Slide 12 highlights the components of the $20 million or 3% year-over-year growth in overhead expense. Personnel costs increased $18 million or 5% accounting for almost the entire increase. This primarily reflective hiring related to our strategic initiatives, the implementation of annual merit increases in the 2018 second quarter and increased benefit cost. We've added colleagues in our digital and technology areas and experienced bankers in our new lending verticals. Major of the increase primarily reflected on $8 million or 11% increase in outside data processing and other services, which was driven by increased technology investments. Deposit and other insurance expense decreased $10 million, or 56% due to the discontinuation of the FDIC surcharge in the 2018 fourth quarter. We remain focused on driving positive operating leverage. As part of our commitments to manage expenses relative to the revenue environment, we self-funded a portion of the expenses related to these new hires and technology investments through the branch rationalization completed at year end 2018, the elimination of the FDIC surcharge and other efficiency improvement efforts. Cost savings from the pending Wisconsin branch divestiture will further fund strategic investments going forward. Looking ahead to the 2019 second quarter, we expect non-interest expense will reflect a linked quarter increase of approximately $40 million to $50 million, resulting in a peak quarterly efficiency ratio of the year, but we're trending down in the back half of the year. Roughly, two-thirds of this expected increase reflects the normal seasonal increase in compensation expense as a result of the annual plans of our long-term incentive compensation in May, as well as the May implementation of annual merit increases. Marketing expense accounts for the majority of the remainder of the expected increase, reflecting the normal timing of spring campaigns and promotions. The magnitude of these increases is consistent with what we've experienced the past two years. However, the seasonal increases were masked in both of those years by noise related to the FirstMerit acquisition and other non-recurring items. Our full year 2019 expense expectations remain unchanged as this is normal seasonality in our expenses and has always been incorporated into our expectations. Slide 13 illustrates the continued strength of our capital ratios. The tangible common equity ratio or TCE ended the quarter at 7.57%, down 13 basis points from year ago, but up 36 basis points from the 2018 year end. The Common Equity Tier 1 ratio or CET1 ended the quarter at 9.84%, down 61 basis points year-over-year, but up 19 basis points linked quarter. We continue to manage CET1 within our 9% to 10% operating guideline with the basis towards the upper end of the range. We repurchased 60.5 million common shares over the last four quarters. During the 2019 first quarter, we were purchased 1.8 million shares at an average price of $13.64 per share, or a total of $25 million of common stock. There is $152 million of share repurchase authorization remaining under the 2018 capital plan. We intend to complete the repurchase of the full $152 million of remaining capacity during the 2019 second quarter. During the first quarter, we submitted our 2019 capital plan to the Federal Reserve. Recent regulatory relief moved Huntington and other regional banks our size from annual to buy annual CCAR participation, resulting in us not being required to participate in the formal CCAR process this year. However, we will participate in CCAR again in 2020. Therefore, we intend to maintain the normal cadence of announcing our annual capital plan and planned capital actions in June. That said, we have previously stated that we are targeting a long-term capital return in the 70% to 80% range in a long-term dividend payout ratio target of approximately 40% to 45%. Our submitted 2019 capital plan is consistent with those targets. We have also previously communicated on many instances that our capital priorities are, first to fund organic growth, second to support the cash dividend and finally all of their capital uses including the buyback and selective acquisitions. Those capital priorities have not changed. Slide 14 provides a snapshot of key credit quality metrics for the quarter, which remains strong. Consistent prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntington's core principles, and our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined approach to risk management and our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite. We booked loan loss provision expense of $63 million in the first quarter and net charge-offs of $71 million. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 38 basis points of average loans and leases in the current quarter, up from 27 basis points the prior quarter and from 21 basis points in the year ago quarter. The increase was centered in two specific commercial credit relationships. Consumer charge-offs remained consistent over the past year. There is additional granularity on charge-offs by portfolio and the analyst's package in the slides. The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans remained relatively stable at 1.02%, down 1 basis point linked quarter. The non-performing asset ratio increased 9 basis points linked quarter and 2 basis points year-over-year to 61 basis points. The year-over-year increase was centered in the C&I portfolio, partially offset by decreases in the commercial real estate portfolio, residential mortgage and home equity portfolios. There was also a year-over-year increase in other NPAs associated with the investment portfolio. Overall, asset quality metrics remain near cyclical lows and as we have noted previously, some quarterly volatility is expected given the absolute low levels of problem loans. Slide 15 highlights Huntington's strong position to execute on our strategy and provide consistent through-the-cycle shareholder returns. The graph on the top left quadrant represents our continued growth in pretax preprovision net revenue as a result of focused execution on our core strategies. The strong level of capital generation positions us well to support balance sheet growth and return capital to our shareholders at an advantage rates over the long term. The top right chart highlights the well-balanced mix of our loan and deposit portfolios. We are both a consumer and commercial bank and believe that the diversification of the balance sheet will serve us well over the cycle. Our DFAST stress test results in the bottom left highlight our disciplined enterprise risk management. We consistently rank in the top 4 commercial banks in the severely adverse scenario of DFAST. Finally, the bottom right demonstrates Huntington's strong capital position. Let me now turn it over to Mark, so we can get to your questions.
Mark Muth: Thanks, Mac. Donna, we will now take questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is coming from Ken Usdin of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning, guys. Quick question on the positive way you maintain the NIM guidance for full year flat, you took out the remaining rate hikes as you said, the curves obviously gotten flatter. But in your slide, you still talk about I expected through the cycle 50% beta versus the low-30s you're at now. So can you talk about the goods and bads in terms of your ability to keep that GAAP NIM flat for the year and how you expect that to be a GAAP in quarter to trend from the 3.39% this quarter? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks Ken. It's Mac. So a few things I'll point out. I mean, we have seen a good noninterest-bearing deposit growth in the consumer line on the balance sheet, which continues to help us keep the NIM at a decent level. But we're also very focused on managing both the asset yields and the liability rates. We're very carefully monitoring the rates that we bring onto the balance sheet on the asset side. And we're also extremely focused on what we're paying on the deposit side as well. So it's a pretty fluid environments and we just are making sure that from a  both in asset and liability position, we're making good decisions around the rates and yields that we're bringing things on to the balance sheet. We continue to work through some of the headwinds that have been discussed. I mean, clearly purchase accounting accretion is working against us. We do have some additional costs associated with the hedging program, which is probably 3 basis points on the margin for the full year. But we monitor these things very frequently and we continue to take actions to make sure that we continue to support the NIM.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then my follow-up on that point then, so that would just expect that you had mentioned that the core NIM, I think should be up from here or upper year-over-year? So just in terms of the underlying core trend, we know about the purchase accounting, but if you get us help us understand that the core trend from here. Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So the core NIM will be up modestly year-over-year. I think, you could expect that it is going to drift a little bit lower on a quarterly basis, but for the year-over-year impact it should be up, probably three to four basis points, something like that.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Thanks, Mac.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead.
Mark Muth: Good morning, Matt.
Matt O'Connor: Good morning. As far as, you've talked about the sustainability, the deposit growth, obviously very strong at 8% and how are you thinking about that going forward?
Mac McCullough: So we continued to see  I think really good results on the consumer side of the balance sheet, as I mentioned in the previous answer, 5% year-over-year growth in noninterest-bearing is probably one of the better performances among the peer group. We're very focused on understanding what's happening from a competitive perspective. We're very focused on making sure that we bring things onto the sheet that the right rates. We have many, many programs underway on the retail side of the bank, in terms of sales execution, promotional pricing strategies. We look at different products and which products make the most sense for us, given what's happening in the marketplace. And we were able to pull those levers pretty well. So we feel good about the consumer side of the sheet. Commercial is a bit more challenging in terms of just rate expectations. We're monitoring and actually responding to those customer requests on a one-off basis. Obviously, we look at the tradeoff between what we can bring on a commercial deposit versus overnight funding. But we're very focused on supporting our deep customer relationships and making sure that we do what's right from a customer perspective in that regard. So we're very happy with what we see from a deposit growth on the balance sheet overall. And we continue to believe that we have many levers to be able to continue to see that growth take place.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. And then obviously that implies solid balance sheet growth going forward. And if you're trying to kind of pull it into your capital levels and maybe your buyback expectations for the next capital cycle, what are your thoughts on that? I know you're within your range on a CET1, you are at the high end of the range. So it seems like there might be some flexibility, but obviously the balance sheet growth will also likely be pretty solid. So how you're thinking about the buybacks in the next cycle here?
Mac McCullough: Yes. I think, look, we're going to continue to manage through  towards the upper end of the CET1 range of 9% to 10%. So you're going to us be closer to the 10%. And we feel like we have a good balance of asset growth funded through core deposits and maintaining our capital levels at that 10% or near 10% CET1 level. So we haven't given our specific capital return expectations for the 2019 CCAR process. But as I had mentioned in my comments, we're going to be 70% to 80% total and 40% to 45% dividend payout.
Matt O'Connor: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Jon Arfstrom: Great, thanks. Good morning. Just a question on credit maybe for Steve or Dan. Just the nature of the new NPLs and give us comfort that this is truly isolated in terms of what you're seeing on overall credit?
Dan Neumeyer: Sure. Yes, so it's obviously something we monitor very closely is what's coming in the bucket, and what we're seeing is no concentration by sector, geography, et cetera. So the four largest NPLs we had were all different industries. And I think the flow this quarter, if you look at what we've been experiencing over the last year or so, it is lumpy. We've had a number of quarters where it improves and then we'll see a few move in, in an opposite direction, but if you look at our NPA and NAL ratios year-over-year, 2 basis points difference than what it was. So we remain very confident. We're not changing our outlook based on the new flows in terms of charge-offs to provision expense. So this  I think it all proves itself out that quarter-to-quarter, we see ups and downs. This happen to be a quarter, we're up a bit.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, that helps. And then Steve, you've said pretty clearly you do not foresee a recession. But if you do start to see signs, what might change in terms of your approach?
Steve Steinour: Well, we've been working for years, Jon, with a view that something has been imminent and obviously wrong. So we've done a number of things and we're maintaining those. I think it was 3, 3.5 years ago, the teams led by Dan pulled back on leverage lending. We've done a lot with commercial real estate, construction, in particular. The concentration discipline stay in flow. This focus on portfolio management and assuming that there's something likely to occur near term, now for the couple  last couple of years has caused us to bolster our capabilities, our MIS. There are a whole series of things that we've already done and are maintaining. Now if we see it turning, we'll start adjusting where we think there's going to be further impact if to the extent we think there's any policy adjustment or other things. But it  we're running it fairly conservatively as we said we have been for a number of years notwithstanding the growth and expect that we're going to have relatively consistent performance through the cycle.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ken Zerbe: Great. Thanks. My first question just in terms of expenses, if I got it right, it was up $40 million, $50 million in 2Q, but then how should we think about the second half? Does some of that marketing expense come down and total expenses come down for the rest of the year? Or does it stay at that sort of 2Q level?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Ken, it's Mac. So you will see expenses come down in the third and fourth quarters. The spike that we see in the second quarter is normal and has been included in all the guidance that we've been giving throughout the period. So you will see the efficiency ratio at its peak in the second quarter and it will come down in the third and fourth quarters.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, that helps. And then just second question, in terms of the hedging activities, I guess, given that the Fed fund futures curve is already pricing in a rate cut, can you just walk us through the logic, like how much more hedging do you want to do? And does it make sense to do it if the curves already building in potential rate cuts from here? Thanks.
Steve Steinour: Yes. Ken, so we're kind of implementing our way into the hedge position. We have about, let's say, $4 billion on at the end of first quarter. We're primarily focused on putting on BOR-OIS at this point, making sure that just in case we do get a rate hike from the Fed, we still benefit from that. But clearly, just given some of the uncertainty in direction of interest rates and given our asset sensitivity position, we just think it's a prudent exercise to go through and reduce some of that asset sensitivity, while still maintaining the upside using the BOR-OIS at this point in time.
Ken Zerbe: All right, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from John Pancari of Evercore. Please go ahead.
John Pancari: Good morning. Back to the credit topic, regarding the 19% increase in NPAs, I know you mentioned that it's not any one industry. I know you see the largest existing NPLs are not in any one, but how about the inflows this quarter, it looks like a big portion of it came from auto suppliers?
Dan Neumeyer: Well, actually, since our numbers are so low, John, that the increase is in one credit. It was of our largest inflow in the quarter, but that is one deal. And of the four largest inflows this quarter, they are in four different industries. They're originated in different  they're not all from one vintage, they're not all in a singular geography. I mean that's just the dispersion happened in the few more this quarter than we typically do.
John Pancari: Got it. And had that one large credit that went in, has that already been reserved for or no?
Dan Neumeyer: It has and we foresee a favorable outcome on that particular deal.
Mac McCullough: Later this year actually. So you also  Dan has accounted for, the SNCC exams in the current reserves as well.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes. And we didn't have tremendous activity this quarter, but the SNCC results are incorporated in everything you see today.
John Pancari: Okay. Got it. All right. And then separately on capital, I know you reiterated the higher end of that 9% to 10% CET1 target. Like what keeps you near that high end? What keeps you at that biased versus potentially moving towards the lower end of it over time? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So we just feel more comfortable operating at the higher end of that range. And if you take a look at us relative to our peer groups, we are a bit lower than the peer group. We do believe that the peer group is migrating down to us as they execute on their capital actions. But we feel comfortable at that higher level and obviously we're producing industry-leading returns at that higher capital level. So we feel very good about how we're positioned.
Steve Steinour: John, there's a little bit of history where the capital was deployed substantially in the FirstMerit acquisition. So we pulled capital levels down with an expectation of replenishing over time, and we thought about being or expecting that we're somewhere later in the cycle. So that would guide us to the higher end of that range.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hey, good morning, everybody. So on the NIM, I'm trying to better understand the offsets to the higher deposit cost coming and which we think will get us modest NIM expansion on core this year. If we look at the rates on new loans and new securities that you are adding each quarter, how much above the current earning asset yield are those coming into the book?
Steve Steinour: Yes, Steven, so virtually all of the new production that we're putting on the sheet is going to be higher than the back book on the asset side. We've been particularly focused on indirect auto pricing. We've been very successful in raising pricing, which has had the result of reducing origination, but we're fine with that trade off. We've also been very focused on really pricing across the entire consumer loan category, resi, mortgage, it's been another area of focus for us. And then on the commercial side, we're in the middle of renewal season and we're looking for opportunities to continue to increase our pricing there. So we're very active on the asset side in terms of things that we're doing, just to make sure that we're getting every basis point to help offset some of the continued pressure on the deposit side. We are going to see continued migration of deposit rates up over the last half of the year, but that is all factored into our guidance and we do feel comfortable with the expectations that we put out there for the NIM.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. And then  thank you. And then just for a follow-up, if we look at $23 billion of money market deposits, that's average you're paying around 1%. Where do you see that topping out assuming that Fed stays on hold here?
Mac McCullough: So it will continue to migrate higher. We basically run six months special pricing and then if it comes back to a lower rate. I'm not quite sure that we're going to see it. Migrate much higher, it's probably going to be 25, 50 basis points perhaps. But it just depends on the level of competition, what's happening in the marketplace and how we choose to fund the balance sheet. You saw us moved to CDs in early 2018 because we thought that was the opportunity. We switched back to money market, kind of the middle of 2018. But we're always looking at what is happening in the market from a competition perspective. And we're pretty good at finding the right levers in terms of getting the right growth.
Steven Alexopoulos: Mac, you just mentioned commercial customers are moving out of non-interest bearing into products like this. Is that continuing at the same pace or now the rates have stabilized, are you seeing that ease? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes. I do think it is easing a bit. We did see continued migration in the first quarter. And it's going to contain to migrate. But I do think that the rate of migration is slowing down.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Steven.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Peter Winter of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: You guys had a very strong quarter on C&I loan growth. And I'm just wondering, do you think that type of growth rate a sustainable or where there some other factors that contributed to that growth that might reverse overtime?
Dan Neumeyer: Yes, this is Dan. Well I think generally, our customers continue to be fairly positive. So, the pipelines remain strong. I think that the growth was diversified in that, not any one area accounted for the bulk of it, everything from middle markets to our business credit, asset based healthcare, they all contributed. So I think that it's within our risk appetite, we have certainly pulled back where we feel we can't compete within a risk appetite. So I don't see any meaningful shifts in the volumes that we would anticipate for the balance of the year.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then just staying on the loan side. Mac, I heard your comments about the increase in the auto pricing for the auto loans. I did notice that quarter-to-quarter auto loans decline. Would you expect that to be a temporary decline?
Mac McCullough: Peter, it's likely going to be stable to declining going forward because we're very, very pleased with the pricing actions that we're taking. We're very pleased with the volumes that we're generating. And we just think it's the right tactic given where we are from a rate perspective and the concentration of auto on the balance sheet. So I would expect stable to declining going forward.
Peter Winter: Thanks, Mac.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Kevin Barker of Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Kevin Barker: I just wanted to follow-up on some of the capital. I noticed, I mean, the amount of buybacks in the first quarter were relatively low compared to first two quarters and then you still had a lot left over. Is there any reason behind pulling back on the buybacks in the first quarter versus leaving significant more for the second quarter?
Steve Steinour: It really just looking at some of the volatility and some of the events in the first quarter, I mean, Brexit and other items just had us hit the pause button for a while. We did do the $25 million and we will complete the remaining $152 million in the second quarter. But really just taking a look at the environment and maybe being a little more cautious about the buyback, but we'll pick it up in the second quarter.
Dan Neumeyer: We also pulled a  about a little less than $100 million forward from the plan as approved by the Fed for the year, put it in  accelerated into the fourth quarter. So if you will, we almost prefunded the fourth quarter with the first quarter.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then to follow-up on some of the credit comments. Was any change in the severity that you saw on any of these loans? Or I guess, the recovery amount that you would get on some of the commercial loans than you've seen in the past given the credit losses that we saw this quarter?
Mac McCullough: Yes. So I think severity, no. Now recoveries are slowly dwindling. So a small portion of the increase in net charge-offs was from lower recoveries. So that's just a fact given how lower charge-offs have been. But I think when you look at the portfolio as a whole, everything was really rocksteady with the exception of C&I. And I just think for context, if you look at the C&I category, again if you average the last four quarters, we had 15 basis points of charge-offs. Two quarters ago, we actually had net recoveries. So I think it's important to look at that in total because as we've mentioned in a quarter anything can happen and I think this quarter we happened to see just a little bit more activity than normal, but overall, we feel really confident in the book.
Kevin Barker: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Scott Siefers of Sandler O'Neill. Please go ahead.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys.
Mac McCullough: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: I was just hoping, Mac, you might be able to touch on some of the key drivers that you see going through the remainder of the year. I guess sort of underlying the question is, if we were to sort of target the midpoint of your revenue growth range, it implies a pretty substantial ramp in the remaining three quarters of the year relative to the base from the first quarter. And of course, we're entering the seasonally stronger periods of the year. But just curious to hear your thoughts on what would be the main drivers that that caused that shift up in the base of fees and revenues overall?
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks, Scott. So it's important to remember that the first quarter is seasonally low for us and we also had about $10 million of unusual items, if you think about the MSR and then the commodities write down. So that that's roughly $9.5 million, $10 million. So a little bit light in the first quarter driven by those two events and also just the normal seasonality. Going forward, it's going to be the usual suspects. We're going to see growth  we'll continue to see growth in deposit service charges as we bring on new customers and we continuing to see good household growth and good deep relationships. We've got some new treasury management capabilities coming out this year in business banking that should help us significantly as we move through the year. The capital markets line just continues to grow for us. The Hutchinson Shockey acquisition is going to help quite a little bit. And we've made good investments in people and our product in that group. The payments line is a good grower for us. It's debit, credit, ATM, merchant processing and that's going to continue to show good growth as well. So I do recognize some of the weakness in the first quarter, but I feel good about the remainder of the year, with mortgage in particular coming back in the spring as we would typically see it. So yes, I think the outlook for the year should be good.
Scott Siefers: All right. I appreciate that color. Thank you very much.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Scott.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Brock Vandervliet of UBS. Please go ahead.
Brock Vandervliet: Good morning. Yes, going back to the margin theme, I think other questions have covered the deposit dynamics, but could you talk about borrowings. The sequential growth in borrowings I noted this quarter very similar to last year where it grew very quickly in Q1 and then you tapered it down the rest of the year. Is that likely to be the similar pattern this year?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Brock. I would expect that be a very similar pattern to what you saw last year. And it just does come back a bit to some of the seasonality on deposit growth and deposit usage among our customers. And first quarter is always a bit seasonally low and then the growth comes back as we move through the year. So that is typically what happens.
Brock Vandervliet: Okay. Great. And just as a follow-up on in terms of loan repricing and sort of tailwinds you may have there, could you just review of the portion of the loan book that's variable rate, how much is tied to LIBOR versus other longer term rates?
Mac McCullough: I think it's about 60% of the portfolio is tied to 1-month LIBOR.
Steve Steinour: It's floating.
Mac McCullough: It's floating. Okay.
Steve Steinour: And the biggest fees would be 1-month LIBOR within that.
Brock Vandervliet: Okay, got it. Fine on that. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Steve Steinour for closing comments.
Steve Steinour: So thank you. Before I wrap up, we wanted to take a minute to thank our Chief Credit Officer, Dan Neumeyer, for his decade of service with Huntington. Today is his final earnings conference call before his retirement in June. And his leadership in the aftermath of the global financial crisis drove the company to be where it is today in terms of performance. Dan's been a vital leader in instilling Huntington's credit culture and discipline and establishing our risk management  credit risk management infrastructure. So thank you very much, Dan. Now we're pleased that Rich Pohle, currently our Deputy Chief Credit Officer and Senior Commercial Credit Approval Officer will be stepping up into the Chief Credit Officer role upon Dan's retirement. Rich has been a key member of the Huntington team for almost a decade, and our team will benefit from his disciplined approach and many years of experience. Our first quarter results provided a good start to the year and I'm confident about our prospects for the full year. Our top priorities remain executing our strategic plan to prudently grow revenue and to thoughtfully invest in our businesses for continued organic growth. We're building long-term shareholder value through a diligent focus on top quartile financial performance and consistently disciplined risk management. And finally, I always like to end with a reminder to our shareholders that there's a high level of alignment between the Board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The Board and our colleagues are collectively the seventh largest shareholder of Huntington, and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Brenda, welcome. Im Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides well be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about 1 hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, Chief Credit Officer, will also be participating in the Q&A portion of todays call. As noted on Slide 2, todays discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Mark, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. We produced very good results in the fourth quarter and for the full year 2018. For the full year, we reported net income of $1.4 billion, an increase of 17% over 2017, which marks the fourth consecutive year of record net income. Full year earnings per common share were $1.20. Importantly, we achieved all five of our long-term financial goals on a full year GAAP basis in 2018, two years ahead of schedule. Were especially pleased with our full year efficiency ratio of 57%, a 400 basis point improvement versus the prior year. And this was the result of managing to our sixth straight year of positive operating leverage, an annual goal we began targeting in 2014. Our return on tangible common equity was also very strong at 18%. Our strong financial performance also enabled us to increase our capital return to our shareholders in 2018. Last year marked the eighth consecutive year of an increased cash dividend, which as you know is our second highest capital priority behind support for organic growth. Coupling the increased dividend payout with $939 million of share repurchases during the year, we returned nearly $1.5 billion to our shareholders, which represented a total payout ratio of 112% of our 2018 earnings. We believe our earnings power, capital generation and risk discipline will continue to support strong capital distribution with a targeted total payout ratio of 70% to 80% going forward. As briefly outlined on Slide 3, we developed Huntington strategies with the vision of creating a high performing regional bank and delivering top quartile through the cycle shareholder returns. Our fully year profitability metrics are among the best in the industry. We built sustainable competitive advantage in our key businesses that we believe will deliver top quartile performance in the future. Our franchise continues to perform well on many fronts, allowing us to make investments and capabilities we need to drive consistent organic growth. And were focused on driving sustained long-term financial performance for our shareholders. We remain committed to our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite, which we implemented nine years ago. And as a reminder, we reinforced the importance of these risks standards by requiring the top 1,400 officers of the company to comply with holder retirement restrictions on their equity awards. Slide 4 illustrates our previous long-term financial goals. And as Ive already mentioned, and as you can see in the slide, we successfully achieved each of these five targets on a GAAP as well as an adjusted basis during 2018. We had record revenue of $4.5 billion, a 4% increase over 2017. Our expenses remained well controlled, declining 2% year-over-year on a GAAP basis, and up 3% on an adjusted basis. Our commitment to positive operating leverage coupled with the scale we achieved through the FirstMerit acquisition drove our efficiency ratio down from 64% in 2015, the first full year under the plan to 57% in 2018. And this exemplifies that our strategies are carefully decisioned, well executed and certainly driving impressive results. Our credit metrics remain very strong. Our net charge-off ratio for 2018 remained below our average through the cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Loan loss provisions in excess of net charge-offs have now been taken in each of the past six quarters demonstrating our high quality earnings. Our 18% return on tangible common equity positions Huntington as a top performing regional bank. Now Slide 5 provides our new three-year financial targets that are a result of our 2018 strategic plan in process. Through thoughtful investment and disciplined execution, our two previous strategic plans build our capabilities, strengthened our competitive advantages in key businesses and positioned us as an industry leader in customer experience. The new 2018 strategic plan is designed to drive continued improvement in financial performance as well as customer experience. We introduced some details to the 2018 plan at an industry conference in November, the initiatives will build upon momentum from our previous strategic plans and will extend our customer experience advantage across our businesses to improve customer acquisition, reduce customer attrition and deepen relationships with our customers. Further, we planned investments in digital, data and technology enhancements that will bolster our existing capabilities and infrastructure with the goal of making banking intuitive, easier and faster for our customers. Finally, we retained our capital priorities including our 9% to 10% CET1 operating range. Now lets turn to Slide 6 to review the 2019 expectations and discuss the current economic and competitive environment in our markets. As we look to the year ahead, we are cognizant of recent market volatility, mixed economic data and changing interest rate outlook. Were very focused on and closely working with our customers and reacting to their views of the economy. Recall it over the years, weve communicated actions that weve taken to de-risk our portfolios and strengthen our risk management disciplines. In 2009, we centralized credit risk management rather than delegate it to the regions and this change was to ensure that the bank had standard set of enterprise wide risk management capabilities and appetite as well as credit metrics. We eliminated products that didnt meet our risk profile such as auto leasing and home equity lines of credit, requiring balloon payments at the end of the draw period. Three years ago, we pulled back on leverage lending and commercial real estate, specifically multi-family, retail and construction. We have remained disciplined in these areas. And as a percentage of capital, all of these have lower exposure today than at 2016 year end. Our consumer lending is targeted to prime plus consumers across all of our consumer loan portfolios. We disclose detailed origination data each quarter. And the slides include annual data for the past nine years. We believe these actions of the past decade, including a consistency of underwriting and detailed metrics that we disclose to you every quarter, have prepared us well, to perform well across economic cycles, what were hearing from our customers is positive. Businesses in our local markets generally continue to deliver good performance. The strong C&I activity in the fourth quarter suggest the businesses are investing in capital expenditures and business expansions. Uniformly, we hear our customers that their biggest issue is the tight labor markets constraining economic growth in a period, where we already have strong GDP growth. The Midwest has had the highest job opening rate in the nation for the last two years. And some of these businesses have weathered the headwinds of ongoing tariff and trade disputes. Further, consumers also remain upbeat with strong labor markets, driving wage inflation. Consumer confidence in the Midwest was the second highest level in December in nearly two decades, and was also higher than the nation as a whole. Additionally, in the 12 months ending November, 19 of our 20 largest footprint MSAs saw employment growth and unemployment rates remain at historic low levels. So Id summarize by saying that were bullish on our footprint and our customers. We expect full year average loan growth in the range of 4% to 6%. Full year average deposit growth is also expected to be 4% to 6% as we remain focused on acquiring core checking accounts and deepening core deposit relationships. In light of recent market volatility, the flattening of the yield curve as well as the softer tone coming from the Federal Reserve. We have removed the assumption of two additional rate hikes in our 2019 forecast. We are now utilizing the same unchanged rates scenario that has been part of our annual plan for the last several years. And given that change in modeling assumptions, we now expect full year revenue growth of 4% to 7%. Full year NIM is expected to remain relatively flat on a GAAP basis versus 2018 as modest core NIM expansion offsets the anticipated reduction in the benefit of purchase accounting. With the change in revenue outlook, weve paced our planned investments for 2019. We now expect a 2% to 4% increase in non-interest expense consistent with our stated priorities. We continue to target annual positive operating leverage in 2019. We anticipate the net charge-offs will remain below our average through-the-cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Our expectation for the full year 2019 effective tax rate is in the 15.5% to 16% range. So with that, Mac, Ill turn it over to you to provide an overview to financial performance for the fourth quarter and the full year.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Steve and good morning, everyone. Slide 7 provides the highlights for the full year 2018. Steve mentioned, we are very pleased with our 2018 results. We reported earnings per common share of $1.20, up 20% compared to 2017. We continue to see solid growth in core customer relationships and disciplined execution of our business models driving full year revenue growth of 4%, a 2% decline in non-interest expense, 6% average loan and lease growth and 5% core deposit growth. Our full year efficiency ratio was 57%. Return on assets was 1.3%, return on common equity was 13% and return on tangible common equity was 18%. We believe all three of these metrics distinguish Huntington among our regional bank peers. Tangible book value per share increased 5% year-over-year to $7.34 even with the increased dividend and substantial share repurchases during the year. Slide 8 provides similar financial highlights for the fourth quarter. Please note that comparisons the year ago quarter are impacted by the $123 million tax benefit recognized in the fourth quarter of 2017 related to Federal Tax Reform. We posted record quarterly revenue of $1.2 billion, up 4% versus the year ago quarter. As we continue to see momentum build across the franchise. We reported earnings per common share of $0.29, down 22% year-over-year. Excluding the $123 million tax benefit in the year ago quarter, earnings per common share were up $0.03 or 12% year-over-year on an adjusted basis. Return on assets was 1.3%, return on common equity was 13% and return on tangible common equity was 17%. We saw net interest margin expansion of 11 basis points to 3.41% compared to the 2017 fourth quarter, as a result of disciplined asset and deposit pricing and the benefit of interest rate increases partially offset by the run-off of purchase accounting accretion. Turning now to Slide 9, we had very good balance sheet growth during the fourth quarter, as average earning assets grew 4% from the fourth quarter of 2017. This increase was driven by a 7% growth in average loans and leases, which include a broad-based strength in both consumer and commercial portfolios. Average residential mortgage loans increased 20% year-every-year, reflecting an increase in loan officers as well as the expansion into the Chicago market. As we typically do, we sold the agency qualified mortgage production in the quarter and retained jumbo mortgages and specialty mortgage products.  Average C&I loans increased 8% year-over-year with 10% linked quarter annualized, reflecting the ongoing strength we are seeing in the Midwest economy. We once again saw heavy C&I activity during the final weeks of the year, centered in middle market, asset finance and corporate banking. Average auto loans increased 4% year-over-year as a result of consistent disciplined loan production. Originations totaled $1.4 billion down 9% year-over-year. As we have previously mentioned, were  we executed a pricing strategy during the second half of the year to optimize revenue. We consistently increased auto loan pricing throughout 2018 with new money yields on our auto originations averaging 4.60% during the fourth quarter up 109 basis points from the year ago quarter. Average RV and marine loans increased 34% year-over-year, reflecting the success of our well-managed expansion of the business into 17 new states over the past two years. Average commercial real estate loans were down 4% on a year-over-year basis and down 3% on a linked quarter basis. This reflects anticipated pay downs as well as our strategic tightening of commercial real estate lending, as Steve mentioned earlier to ensure appropriate returns on capital. Finally, securities were down 7% year-over-year, as we left the portfolio run-off and utilize the cash flows to fund higher yielding loans during 2018. Turning now to Slide 10. Average total deposits grew 7% year-over-year, including a 7% increase in average core deposits. Core certificates of deposits were up 193% from the year ago quarter, primarily reflecting consumer deposit growth initiatives during the first three quarters of 2018. Average interest-bearing DDA deposits increased 9% year-over-year, while average noninterest-bearing DDA deposits decreased 6%. We can seem to see our commercial customers shift balances from noninterest-bearing DDA to interest-bearing products, primarily interest checking, hybrid checking and money market. However, as shown on Slide 38 in the appendix, our consumer noninterest-bearing deposits actually increased 5% year-over-year as we continue to grow households and deepen relationships. Average money market deposits were up 4% year-over-year, driven by solid growth in consumer balances and changing preferences of commercial customers shifting to the higher yielding products. As you can see in the bottom left of the page, our percentage of core deposit funding has increased three quarters in a row. Our focus on core funding resulted in a 65% year-over-year reduction in average short-term borrowings. Moving now to Slide 11. Our net interest income increased $59 million or 8% versus the year ago quarter. Driving this growth was the 4% increase in average earning assets, higher yields, in both our consumer and commercial loan portfolios and disciplined deposit pricing. Our GAAP net interest margin was 3.41% for the fourth quarter, up 11 basis points from the year ago quarter and up nine basis points linked quarter. Moving to Slide 12. Our core net interest margin for the fourth quarter was 3.34%, up 14 basis points from the year ago quarter, and up nine basis points linked quarter. Both the GAAP and core NIMs in the fourth quarter benefited from two basis points of higher than normal commercial interest recoveries. Purchase accounting accretion contributed seven basis points to the net interest margin in the current quarter compared to 10 basis points in the year ago quarter. Slide 34 in the appendix provides information regarding the actual and scheduled impact of FirstMerit purchase accounting for 2018 through 2020. As you will see, purchase accounting accretion is becoming less and less material to the net interest margin and certainly the bottom line when all of the income statement components of purchase accounting are considered together.
Fed: Turning to earning asset yields. Our commercial loan yields increased 71 basis points year-over-year, while consumer loan yields increased 36 basis points. Our deposit cost remained well contained with the rate paid on total interest-bearing deposits of 84 basis points for the quarter up 47 basis points year-over-year. Consumer core deposit costs were up 36 basis points year-over- year and commercial core deposits were up 30 basis points. Moving now to Slide 13. Our cycle-to-date beta  deposit beta remains low at 30% through the fourth quarter of 2018, which is still well below our expectations. We have been communicating that we believe our consumer core CD strategies initiated at the beginning of 2018 will serve us well over time and you can see that beginning to happen here on the slide. This quarter we saw only a 2% increase in our cumulative beta, while the peer group increased 4%. As we have mentioned the last couple of quarters, overall deposit pricing remains rational in our markets.  Slide 14 provides detail on our non-interest income for the quarter and comparisons to the year ago quarter. Our non-interest income decreased $11 million or 3% from the fourth quarter of 2017. This decline was primarily driven by $19 million of securities losses resulting from 2018 fourth quarter portfolio repositioning. Earlier in the quarter, we remixed approximately $1.1 billion of securities with an incremental yield pickup of almost 120 basis points by modestly extending duration and without taking additional credit risk. The restructuring of the portfolio was completed in the first half of the fourth quarter and added approximately $3 million of incremental quarterly run rate for the revenue line. We are seeing positive momentum in our three largest contributors to fee income as deposit service charges, cards and payments processing fees and trust and investment management fees were all higher year-over-year. Further, we continue to see strong momentum in our capital markets business as demonstrated by a 26% increase versus the year-ago quarter. The acquisition of Hutchinson, Shockey and Erley contributed $4 million of capital market fees during the quarter. Mortgage banking income was down $11 million driven by pressure on secondary marketing spreads. Slide 15 highlights the components of the $78 million or 12% year-over-year growth in expenses. Expenses related to branch and facility consolidations totaled $35 million including $28 million in net occupancy expense and $7 million of equipment expense. results also included almost $4 million of expense related to the closing of the HSE acquisition and the announcement of the divestiture of our Wisconsin retail branch network. As we execute on our new strategic plan, we have not lost sight of the need to control expenses in a more uncertain economic environment. To that end, we remain focused on driving positive operating leverage while making disciplined investments in our colleagues and businesses. Slide 16 illustrates the continued strength of our capital ratios, tangible common equity into the quarter at 7.21%, down 13 basis points year-over-year, and four basis points linked quarter. common equity in tier one ended the quarter at 9.65%, down 34 basis points year-over-year and 24 basis points linked quarter. These declines were driven by balance sheet growth and accelerated share repurchase activity. We will continue to manage CET1 with our  within our 9% to 10% operating guideline with a bias towards the upper end of the range. Slide 17 illustrates our previously articulated capital priorities. First, fund organic growth; second, support the cash dividend; and finally, everything else including share repurchases and selective M&A. Our strong capital management and profitability allowed us to execute on these priorities accordingly in 2018. first, we grew full-year average loans by 6% year-over-year while maintaining consistent underwriting discipline. During 2018, we increased the common dividend by 43% to $0.50 per share for the full year. Our end of year dividend yield was 4.7%, the highest in the peer group. Finally, we repurchased $939 million of common stock during the year. Recall that in the 2018 first quarter, we converted $363 million of our Series A preferred stock to common shares. This set us up well going into the 2018 CCAR planning process and allowed us to submit a request that would result of in a full-year total payout ratio above 100%. We have previously stated that we have a long-term payout ratio target of 70% to 80% and a long-term dividend payout ratio target of approximately 45%. during the fourth quarter, we received no objection from the Federal Reserve to our proposal to adjust the path of common stock repurchases. This allowed us to pull forward repurchases from 2019 in the end of the fourth quarter in order to take advantage of market volatility. As a result, during the fourth quarter, we repurchased $200 million of common shares at an average cost of $13.36 per share. We have $177 million of share repurchase capacity remaining under a 2018 CCAR capital plan. Moving on to Slide 18, credit quality remains strong in the quarter. Consistent prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntingtons core principles, and our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined approach to risk management and our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite. We booked loan loss provision expense of $61 million in the fourth quarter and net charge-offs of $50 million. The loan loss provision expense in the quarter reflected the strong loan growth that we saw. We have now booked loan loss provision expense above net charge-offs for 12 of the 13 quarters illustrating our high-quality earnings. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 27 basis points of average loans and leases, which remains below our average through the cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Net charge-offs were up 11 basis points from the prior quarter and up three basis points from the year-ago quarter. There is additional granularity on charge-offs by portfolio in the analyst package in the slides. The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans decreased one basis point linked quarter to 1.03% while the non-performing asset ratio came down three basis points to 0.52%. Slide 19 highlights Huntingtons strong position to execute on our strategy and provide consistent through the cycle shareholder returns. The graph on the top left quadrant represents our continued growth in pre-tax, preprovision net revenue as a result of focused execution of our core strategies. The strong level of capital generation positions us well to support balance sheet growth and return capital to our shareholders and advantage rate over the long-term. At the top right, chart highlights the well-balanced mix of our loan and deposit portfolios. We are both a consumer and commercial bank, and believe that the diversification of the balance sheet will serve us well over the cycle. Our DFAST stress test results in the bottom left highlight our disciplined enterprise risk management. We consistently rank in the top four commercial banks in the severely adverse scenario DFAST. Finally, at the bottom right, demonstrates Huntingtons strong capital position. Let me turn it back over to mark, so we can get to your questions.
Mark Muth: Thanks, Mac. Brenda, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up and if that person has additional questions, he or she can then add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Mac, I was hoping you could expand a little on your thoughts on how the core margin kind of trajects throughout the course of the year. I think Ive done math correctly, in other words, there was the couple of basis points of benefit from interest recoveries in the fourth quarter, but the full-year guide looks like it would imply kind of flat to down from here despite some of the balance sheet restructuring actions in the fourth quarter. So, Im just curious  I mean that would be of course, understandable given the environment, but just curious how you see things playing out from where you sit?
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks, Scott. So the guidance that were giving as we move to an unchanged rate curve is very consistent with the guidance that weve given historically over the past few years, as weve used the unchanged rate curve to build our budget. So, basically, you capture the two basis points of  I would say over normal interest recoveries in the fourth quarter. So, you have to adjust for that as a starting point. And then well actually lose three basis points in full-year 2019 related to a purchase accounting accretion, its about four basis points additive to the 2019 margin versus seven basis points to the 2018 margin. So from there, I think its just a matter of taking a look at the core NIM and believing that thats going to increase modestly, weve talked about a basis point or two, I would say for the full year, were likely looking for a three or four basis point increase and that is driven both by the fact that we took the two rate that increases out of the forecast and also the shape of the curve. Its much flatter than  when weve done this historically and that also impacted the guidance for the NIM in 2019. So, those are the components that bringing all together. So again, kind of a flat reported NIM and modestly improving core NIM.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right, perfect. Thank you. And then I guess just as we look at the overall revenue growth guide I guess, its going to be driven relatively a little more by fee income as opposed to NII this year. And I know you have the benefit of the acquisition from second half of last year. But as you look out through the year main drivers of that fee momentum as you see them.
Mac McCullough: We have really good momentum in capital markets as I mentioned in the script and we also see continued good improvements in deposit service charges that we continue to build households very impressively. We also see good performance in the card and payments line, and also in trust and investment management fees. So, we see good performance across those four categories, partially offset by what we see in mortgage banking in this quarter, but certainly, we have really good momentum in those other lines.
Scott Siefers: Perfect. All right, great. Thank you very much.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Ken Usdin: Hey, Mac.
Mac McCullough: Hey, Ken.
Ken Usdin: So in fourth quarter, NIM was 3.41% with the two interest recoveries, thats 3.39%. So, can you just explain sequentially, Im not sure I understand the magnitude of a six-basis point drop and then staying there for the rest of the year, especially with the help you just mentioned from the portfolio purchase knowing that there is the accretion run-off. So can you help us a little bit more understand just the step down and  because I dont  I get the moving parts of among the positive versus the negative, but the delta from that kind of underlying, can you help us understand what drives such a big step down?
Mac McCullough: Yes. So can I  I do think a portion of it is going to be based on what were assuming around will be the shape of the curve in 2019. There is incremental impact from that based on what weve modeled for the budget in the forecast in 2019. We could also have some deposit cost maybe front-loaded into the first and second quarters. As we continue to see good momentum and good flow of deposits across both commercial and consumer, we just want to make sure that we keep that momentum going. Weve done a good job in reducing our short-term borrowings and we want to continue to stay in that position. So I think at this point, just thinking about the full year and thinking about the core NIM increasing three to four basis points is the way to think about it, there could be some conservatism built in this, but it all comes down to what were assuming around the rate environment and also how were thinking about liability cost and what we want to do to stay core funded.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And then just a follow-up on the full-year guide, then in your total revenue guide, which I always understand is on a  its GAAP, but inclusive of the FTE. Do you include anything either on a gain from the branch sales or also the effect of removing that business from the total revenue base? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So we certainly have impact when you think about the 70 branch consolidations and you think about the sale of the Wisconsin branches. Theres no doubt that theres revenue impact from that and most of that is going to come in the form of net interest income. So we have factored those impacts into 2019. And youre right, we look at it on an FTE basis, but there really are no other adjustments in 2019 to speak up.
Ken Usdin: Okay.
Mac McCullough: Okay?
Ken Usdin: Yes. So there is no gain baked into that as well?
Mac McCullough: Yes, there is no gain on sale baked into any of these numbers for 2019.
Ken Usdin: Understood. Okay. Thank you, Mac.
Mac McCullough: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: Great Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Hey, Ken.
Ken Zerbe: Sorry to ask another question on margin. I just want to be really quick is that is a pretty steep drop that you guys are building in on a core basis. So, if we go from the 3.41%, 3.39% excluding two basis points, I get it. You say that your deposit cost is going be front-loaded. I mean, are we looking at a meaningful step down in first quarter specifically or to get your full-year guidance, is it more of just this gradual reduction over the course of the year?
Mac McCullough: Yes, it would definitely be a gradual reduction over the course of the year and that would be primarily the report as the core NIM even adjusting for the two basis points in the fourth quarter, I would say over normal interest recoveries. You could see a step-up in the first quarter in the core NIM. So, it really is the impact of purchase accounting and the impact of the interest recoveries that would be impacting the reported NIM. So, were not talking about huge changes here and either, were talking about basis points, but that should help to explain some of that drop fourth quarter to first quarter.
Ken Zerbe: Got you. It does, it does. So then by the end of the year, maybe your  I mean I pick a number, plus cost 3.30% is your sort of reported NIM heading into 2020. That seems like the right way to think about it.
Mac McCullough: Yes, thats not unreasonable.
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Okay. And then sorry, there might sort of follow-up question, if you will. Can you just talk a little bit more about what youre doing specifically to help reduce your asset sensitive position and how much is that dollar impact in terms of your NII? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So what were looking at right now would be out of the money interest rate floors. You might see us also add some additional investment securities to reduce some of that asset sensitivity. Overall, we think that there is a slight cost to the out of money interest rate floors, but not significant in the scheme of things based upon the way were thinking about it right now. But were continuing to evaluate that position based on how 2019 unfolds. You could see us further reduce that asset sensitivity position, but were comfortable with how were positioned right now and the actions that were taking.
Ken Zerbe: All right. Perfect. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, John.
Mac McCullough: Hi, John.
John Pancari: Good morning. On your long-term goals, just seems like you maintained your long-term revenue target of 4% to 6% despite removing the Fed hikes from your 2019 assumptions and assuming a flatter curve and everything, and Im assuming dialing in some of this hedging plans and everything. So does that mean in terms of long-term revenue expectation you can come in at the lower end of that 4% to 6%? Or do you still have a high degree of confidence in the attainability of the mid or higher end?
Mac McCullough: Yes, John, its Mac. So we feel comfortable with the range that weve put out. When we put a range out like this, we typically earn that at the low-end or at the high-end and we have  we probably do have some conservatism built into 2019 from a revenue perspective as we think about this. But feel very comfortable with the 4% to 7% range we put out there for revenue. We did bring it down, it was 5% to 8% that we disclosed in November at an industry conference. So that certainly would reflect the impact that we see from the rate increases coming out of the forecast. But I would tell you that from a fundamental balance sheet growth fee income perspective, we really havent made any changes to what we see based upon what Steve talked about the strength of the Midwest economy and what were hearing from our customers. We also did take the expense guidance down by a 1% on either end just recognizing the fact that in this environment weve got to manage the expense to fit the revenue outlook and continue to drive the positive operating leverage. So we feel very comfortable with the ranges that we put out and, again, the revenue impact is entirely due to the change in the rate outlook.
John Pancari: Got it. Okay, thanks. And then separately I just want to ask around credit for the  I just wanted if you can get a little bit more color on the $20 million  $21 million increase in charge-offs, I know you indicated that at C&I, just want to see if you have any more color there that you can give us what type of industries and if theres any kind of leverage lending in there? And then separately, your 30 to 89 day delinquencies in C&I increase, it looks like 43%, so the ratio went from 19 to 26 bps, not a big jump in the ratio, but still pretty big jump dollar wise. So want to get some color there? Thanks.
Steve Steinour: Sure. So just in terms of the charge-offs. I think its important to obviously point out that were operating at a very low level. So in the entire C&I book in the last year, I think we took $15 million of total charge-offs thats commercial and commercial real estate. So just to kind of level set there, last quarter, we actually had net recoveries in the entire commercial book. So in terms of concentrations, there certainly arent any because the numbers are so low. We had no charge-off in the last quarter larger than $4 million. We had one for $3 million, one for $2 million. They are all in different industries. There were no leverage lending, no leveraged loans in that population. So  and if you look year-over-year in terms of our charge-offs thats there they are very consistent, 24 basis points to 27 and thats largely due to the fact that fourth quarter the consumer loans are generally, youll see delinquencies and charge-offs bump up. So we  so from that standpoint, I think thats the story on the charge-offs. And then on the delinquencies, commercial delinquencies are you can have a single deal that moves the numbers may hit over or over 30 days and thats what weve got going on here. Thats not the indicator of any trend there, so no concerns at all.
John Pancari: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: I wanted to ask about mortgage banking. Obviously given the market conditions under a lot of pressure. But should we think about the fourth quarter being close to bottoming here?
Mac McCullough: So, Peter, its really going to depend on where we end up with the secondary marketing, thats been the pressure point for the entire year. Weve actually performed well from a volume perspective as weve added mortgage originators in the Chicago market at  performing at a very high level. And weve also, I would say upgraded talent across the franchise from a mortgage perspective. So feel very comfortable with the health of the business we completed a in-depth analysis for the business in 2018 and feel very comfortable with our position and how were managing that business. But it just depends on where we go from secondary marketing from here.
Peter Winter: Okay. And then Mac, if I could just follow-up on your comments about the securities portfolio. In 2018, you kind of ran it off as  partly, I guess as of funding for loan growth and then you said you might actually add to securities to reduce the asset sensitivity?
Mac McCullough: Yes.
Peter Winter: Can you just talk about what the  so we should expect 2019 to see that portfolio actually grow a little bit and more reliance on core deposits just the way to think about it.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Peter, so we are going to start to reinvest cash flow in 2019 back into the portfolio as well as maybe get a little bit more aggressive in building the portfolio if we decide thats the best action to manage our asset sensitivity. So we did let the portfolio run down in 2018, we did replace those assets with resi mortgage that we kept on the balance sheet to a certain extent. But youll start to see us grow that portfolio in 2019 and the degree to which we use that as a hedge against asset sensitivity is still under consideration, but you could see that.
Peter Winter: Thanks, Mac.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks.
Marty Mosby: Morning.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Marty.
Mac McCullough: Hi, Marty.
Marty Mosby: I had two questions. One is, Mac, when we look at this net interest margin, I dont want to go back to the details of that, weve hammer that pretty hard. What I want to do is combine that with the other side, which is, youve been building your allowance coverage as this PAA is being recognized. So its kind of just a natural shift between kind of the PAA thats over there and then also and it comes out it and becomes a regular loan and then you put it back into the build. So there is kind of a natural offset. Youve had $20 million of average build in your allowance through each quarter in 2018. So just wondering, because a lot of the margin compression thats really kind of getting communicated here is the purchase accounting accretion, so is there a natural offset, you just dont have to build as much in your allowance that helps to compensate for some of that impact.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Marty. I think we lay that up pretty well on Slide 34 in the deck, where you can see that, for 2019, were anticipating that the overall impact of purchase accounting is actually a loss or minus $8 million for full year 2019. So we are seeing the first accounting accretion come down, were seeing what we need to add to the allowance for the FirstMerit portfolio to come down since were cycling through that. We still have a bit to go. But as you can see on Slide 34, we still anticipate some provision expense related to FirstMerit in 2019. So I think this slide does layout how all these things play together and the impact on the bottom line, but clearly PAA is becoming less material and well have less of an impact on the margin in 2019, but certainly still does have that impact.
Marty Mosby: And just the build also kind of comes down I guess as well, the need to build for the FirstMerit is less, theres still some because theres still some PAA, but its less than what it was in 2018.
Mac McCullough: That would be absolutely correct.
Marty Mosby: Okay. And then Steve, you kind of threw something in there early on about this almost like a vesting till retirement for equity positions of members of your team. Just was curious about how you envision that, why you chose to highlighted and how you think that affects culture in a way that the employees kind of look at equity ownership?
Steve Steinour: So Marty, we may not have been totally clear in the past, but we made this change in 2010 and we put percentage of equity granted, net of tax into a hold to retirement requirement for colleagues and overtime its accumulated to where we have 1,400 colleagues in some position with a hold to retirement and it gets track, these are shares that are segregated in a separate account with the third-party. And we believe what we did it and continue to believe that it aligns the management of the company with our shareholders interests. And I think weve seen over time a greater focus on risk management across the board, but especially in credit with it  throughout the company as a consequence. So theres definitely skin in the game as a result of this and we  2009, we as a group were not a top 100 shareholder, today with generally the seventh largest shareholder with the growing position off of equity grants made every year. So fundamental change in philosophy going back to 2010 by the board and very supportive in making the change we recommended to make sure that there is complete alignment between management and shareholders overtime and through cycles. Is that answers your question?
Marty Mosby: It did and it was not a 100%, but theres a portion or amount thats actually set aside, that would be vested at retirement.
Steve Steinour: Its 25% to 50% of equity granted net of taxes and there is no ceiling. So it compounds.
Marty Mosby: No, thats great as an industrially angle and not  so all thats that about the seventh holder of shareholder I thought that was very impactful and interesting. So thanks.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Lana Chan with BMO.
Lana Chan: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Hey, Lana.
Mac McCullough: Good morning.
Lana Chan: I just  first question about what youre seeing with competition. It seems like there is some new bigger banks moving into some of your markets and also any comments about non-bank competition any changes in the recent quarter?
Steve Steinour: Lana, this is Steve. We monitor through a number of different data points impacts of non-bank competition is remains very, very muted and essentially no change quarter-to-quarter from what we can see. And then separately, we have some banks, larger banks expanding into the footprint. But we have a lot of large banks already here. So the old bank, one presence here in Columbus, JPM Chase is very, very large in Columbus in terms of employees. We see BBVA in Michigan. So there is a presence from the large banks already and weve  through our strategies and focus, we have managed to compete okay or adequately and somewhat successfully over time. Wed expect to continue to do that. But recognize that there are some targeted investments in the Midwest. Actually, we view that as a positive in some sense. The Midwest was clearly a disinvestment region for years and years and its an affirmation of whats going on in the economy here to show  to see that recent focus.
Lana Chan: Okay, thank you. And the second question was around capital. Just wondering the way you look at the CET1 ratio targeting at upper end of the 9% to 10% range. Is there also a binding constraint on that in terms of  sort of the old school capital ratios that we used to look at prior to the financial crisis the TCE to TA ratio?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Lana, we do take a look at tangible common equity quite carefully and we do monitor that ratio relative to CET1. CET1 is our primary constraint as we think about the CCAR process and what weve set goals around. And we do have a bit of a larger gap between TCE and CET1 because of the size of our investment security portfolio and the makeup of that investment security portfolio. So at this level, were comfortable with TCE, but CET1 is the measure that we basically measure and go against.
Lana Chan: Okay. Thanks, Mac.
Mac McCullough: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC.
Jon Arfstrom: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: Steve, maybe a quick one for you. It sounds like youre optimistic lending in the economy, but just  and you talk about the labor issue, Im just curious if youre hearing anything new that causes you any concerns? Or anything from your customers that might be a little bit different than what youve heard in previous quarters?
Steve Steinour: Jon, weve done more outreach in the last 60 days or so than at any time since Ive been here. The customer has to get a sense of what their plans are and the impacts of the market volatility and at least at this point, it is very, very benign. There are some companies impacted both ways on the tariffs as wed expect, but the market volatility has not impacted at this point in any material way outlook. So there is a continued expectation of growth, maybe these companies have backlogs or pipelines that are committed. And I think I shared in the last call, we get contractors and others with long lead times that are well out into next year was with the group thats  has commitments to 2020, 2021. In fact, so its getting extended, again, this tightness of labor is benefiting, so the competitive dynamics in some of these industries, the fact that they can just deliver is giving them a locked in opportunity of a longer duration that theyve seen.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, good. Thank you, that helps. And then a question on the expense guidance in terms of the change in expense growth by basically by taking rates out of your revenue side. Can you give us some  these arent big numbers, but can you give us an idea of the types of projects you might delay a bit and if we do get a couple of more hikes, does that change your spending plans again and where would that money go?
Steve Steinour: Sure. Jon, we have a fair amount of reinvestment coming off of the branch consolidations that are completed and were completed around the end of the year and the sale of Wisconsin. And so were self-funding a fair amount of investment in digital, data and other technology. In addition to building out a number of our revenue groups and so youll see expansions in business banking, commercial banking, some of our fee businesses on the private banking side and the capital markets in particular. Well pace the rate of investment and weve talked about this in prior quarterly calls and an analyst sessions, well pace the rate of investment to match the expected revenue, it was not like were going to walk away from these. This is just a pacing thing. So if interest rates come our way or for other  with other reasons where were generating revenue add or beyond the high-end level of that range, we would look to accelerate some of the investments, but well continue to manage it, well pace it or moderate it as we see the economy in the outlook.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Kevin.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. I just want to follow-up, you mentioned the capital markets pipeline was really strong . You had a really good quarter, fourth quarter and it could be some seasonality in there, but when you look into 2019, where do you see the run rate from the $29 million you have today expected to come down in the first half and then accelerate in the back half. Just give us some color on the capital market side?
Mac McCullough: So Kevin, its Mac. So it will be, its usually a little bit slower in the first quarter, but we do expect capital markets revenue to increase as the year progresses. Weve made some, I think some smart investments into that business and really executing at a very high level when it comes to the people we have on that team and how they interact and support of lending groups.
Steve Steinour: Well the pipelines as we enter the year are consistent with third, fourth quarter sort of pipeline. So we have reasonable volumes that were expecting over the first half of the year from the pipeline and a lot of that C&I, again, our capital markets activity is customer focused. And  so the carry  the continued strength of the pipeline gives us some confidence as we move forward in addition to the investments and additional capabilities.
Kevin Barker: And then the follow-up on the expense side, you had the $28 million you called out in the branch consolidation and $7 million in equipment. So we assume the run rate associated with occupancy and equipment to be significantly lower going into 2019 and then the 2% to 4% expense growth on a GAAP basis will be primarily due to investments, maybe in salaries or other portions of the business.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Kevin, I think thats the right way to take a look at it, well definitely see reduced run rates related to the facilities actions that weve taken in the fourth quarter branches and kind of corporate facilities. And Steve mentioned some of the investments that were doing as we think about the expenses that we took out related to Wisconsin or the 70 branch consolidation. So were comfortable with how were investing in 2019 and it would be in a typical lines you would expect to see it, personnel and certainly anything that relates to technology development. So those are the areas that I would look for growth, but beyond that, I would say nothing out of the ordinary.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank.
Matt OConnor: Good morning. I was just wondering from a strategic point of view, any further bolt-on whether its deals or divestitures? And then obviously youre not going to tell us accurately what you do, but just thoughts on if there is further tinkering to the franchise and then of course, some  as you think longer term strategic opportunities that might be bigger that could be interesting?
Mac McCullough: So, Matt, were always looking at opportunities and I will tell you that what were focused on is probably less around core banking franchises, as weve talked about historically and maybe more focused on things like HSE or Macquarie Equipment Finance. So, I think that we havent stopped in terms of what were looking at from an M&A perspective, but were very comfortable with the businesses that we have and its not that were out looking for something in particular, but anything we can find like an HSE or Macquarie that helps to strengthen our position in businesses that were already in, bring us additional capabilities and talent. Those are very attractive opportunities that we think weve acquired at a very attractive price. So like I said, were always looking, but in this market, I wouldnt expect that were going to be doing a lot if anything.
Steve Steinour: We think, we can improve the core performance as youve seen in the long-term financial metrics that as well. And so thats the focus drive the core.
Matt OConnor: And then just thoughts on maybe something bigger that will get you more scale, do you feel like you need more scale as we look out kind of more medium to long-term?
Mac McCullough: So were comfortable with how were positioned right now. I think the FirstMerit transaction was extremely beneficial to us from a scale perspective. Steve pointed out, the improvement in the efficiency ratio earlier in this call. Weve been pretty direct in the saying that at this point in the cycle and based upon valuations and expectations, its very unlikely that were going to be doing a core deposit franchise at this point in the cycle. So very, very unlikely math and like I said, were focused on some of the specialty things that are few and far between, but good opportunities when we can find them.
Matt OConnor: Okay, thank you.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, weve reached the end of the question-and-answer session. Id like to turn the call back to Steve Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: 2018 was highlighted by the achievement for the first time of all five of our long-term financial goals implemented with the 2014 strategic plan on a GAAP basis. Were really pleased with that. The focused execution of our strategic initiatives over the years spill the company that we believe will produce consistent high-quality earnings and attractive returns to our shareholders. 2019 commences the first year of the new three-year strategic plan. Weve raised the bar for ourselves once again, as youve seen. And while the plan involves important investments in our businesses that will improve our customer experience, the core strategies remain the same. We expect to continue to gain market share and grow share wallet through our differentiated products, distinctive brand and superior customer service. So we see this as a lower risk set of initiatives over the next three years. We look forward to carrying the momentum that weve built into 2019 and beyond. And finally, theres a high level of management alignment between the Board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The Board and our colleagues are collectively the seventh largest shareholder of Huntington and all of us, all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-23 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Huntington Bancshares Third Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Sherry. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about 1 hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, will also be participating in the Q&A portion of today's call. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Steve.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks, Mark, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. We had another very good quarter and as we continued to deliver high-quality earnings and expect to carry this momentum through the end of the year. It was also another clean quarter as for the third quarter in a row, there were no significant items. We reported net income of $378 million and earnings per share of $0.33, increases of 37% and 43%, respectively, over the third quarter of 2017. Return on common equity was 14% and return on tangible common equity was 19%. We had record revenue of $1.2 billion, which represented a 5% year-over-year increase and maintained strong expense discipline. We're pleased with the resulting efficiency ratio of 55.3%, an improvement of 520 basis points from the year ago quarter. The average total loan increase was strong at 7% versus the third quarter of 2017 and 5% annualized versus the 2018 second quarter. This loan growth was driven by a 10% year-over-year increase in average consumer loans with particular strength in residential mortgage, RV and marine financing and automobile lending. We remain focused on core funding the balance sheet with 6% growth in average core deposits. In the third quarter, we increased the quarterly common dividend to $0.14 per share, representing a 27% linked quarter increase and a 75% year-over-year increase. This year marks the eighth consecutive year that we've increased the common dividend. We believe our earnings power, capital generation and risk management discipline will support higher dividends, including a higher dividend payout ratio over time. We also repurchased $691 million of common shares or approximately 65% of the total repurchase included in our 2018 CCAR capital plan. As briefly outlined on Slide 3, we developed Huntington strategies with a vision of creating a high-performing regional bank and delivering top quartile through-the-cycle shareholder returns. Our profitability metrics are among the best in the industry, and we have built sustainable competitive advantages in our key businesses that we believe will deliver high performance in the future. The franchise continues to perform well in many fronts, allowing us to make investments in capabilities we need to drive consistent organic growth. We're focused on driving sustained long-term performance for our shareholders. We remain committed to our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite, which we put in place 8 years ago. And as a reminder, we reinforced the importance of these standards by requiring the top 1,400 officers of the company to comply with hold-to-retirement restrictions on their equity awards. Slide 4 illustrates our long-term financial goals, which were approved by the board in the fall of 2014 as part of our strategic planning process. As a reminder, these goals were originally set with a 5-year time horizon in mind, and we fully expect to achieve these goals this year on a reported GAAP basis, 2 years ahead of original expectations. I've already touched on our record revenues, the continued expense discipline and our third quarter efficiency ratio, which was below the low end of our long-term goal. In addition to our credit metrics -- our credit metrics remain excellent. The third quarter of 2018 was the 17th consecutive quarter where net charge-offs remained below our average through-the-cycle target range and loan provisions in excess of that charge-offs have been taken in 12 of the last 13 quarters. Our 19% return on tangible common equity positions Huntington as a top-performing regional bank. Now these results demonstrate that our strategies are clearly working and will continue to drive Huntington forward. So let's turn to Slide 5 to review 2018 expectations and discuss the current economic and competitive environment in our markets. The local economies across our 8-state footprint continue to perform well, and we remain optimistic on the near-term outlook. Unemployment rates remain near historical lows, and we continue to seek labor shortages throughout our footprint markets. The Midwest, in fact, has the highest job opening rate in the nation so far in 2018. Of the 4 major regions of the country, the Midwest is the most dynamic region for potential jobs growth according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics August JOLTS survey. The employment and growth opportunities in Midwest continue to make it a favorable economic region. 6 of our 8 footprint states experienced net population in-migration in 2017. In fact, 2017 was the first year Ohio had net immigration in a quarter of a century. As shown on Slide 70 in the appendix, the Philadelphia Fed's state leading economic indicator indices for our footprint point toward a favorable economic operating environment for the next 6 months. While the impact of the ongoing tariff issues, some positive and some negative, can be seen in specific industries, we've not yet seen a material impact to our customer base overall. The uncertainty regarding NAFTA was far more impactful to our customer base and our footprint. And we're encouraged by the new USMCA trade agreement as we believe it will be beneficial to our footprint, especially within the auto industry. Customer optimism has materialized throughout 2018 as we've seen our customers invest in capital expenditures and grow their businesses. Our commercial pipeline is up year-over-year. Consumers are doing well, with consumer loan growth remaining steady. It's a good time to be doing business in the Midwest, and we remain bullish on our local economies. Now moving to our updated 2018 expectations. We expect the full year average loan growth rate growth in the range of 5.5% to 6.5%, consistent with our year-over-year growth for the first 9 months. But the fourth quarter provides a challenging comparison given the significant amount of growth at the end of last year following the federal tax reform. Loan growth rates in the third quarter and so far in October have been encouraging. Full year average deposit growth is expected to be 3.5% to 4.5%, while full year growth in average core deposits is expected to be 4.5% to 5.5%. We remain focused on acquiring core checking accounts and deepening core deposit relationships. We expect full year revenue growth of 4% to 4.5%, and during the fourth quarter, we expect to realize approximately $20 million of security losses related to a portfolio restructuring. This will allow us to optimize the securities portfolio, improving the revenue outlook for 2019. The modest reduction in our 2018 revenue outlook is related to the cost of the portfolio restructure -- restructuring as all remaining aspects of our prior revenue expectations remain intact. We continue to project the GAAP NIM for the full year will expand by 2 to 4 basis points compared to 2017. We expect NIM expansion in the fourth quarter on a GAAP and core basis will be in the range of 4 to 6 basis points. We will deliver positive operating leverage for the sixth consecutive year. We expect a 2% to 2.5% decrease in noninterest expense on a GAAP basis. Full year expenses are now projected to be slightly higher than previous guidance as we expect to incur approximately $40 million of expense in the fourth quarter related to the recently announced consolidation of 70 branches and some additional corporate facilities. The run rate cost savings associated with these consolidations will be entirely redeployed into targeted investments in both people and technology, and specifically, digital and mobile technology. We anticipate the net charge-offs will remain below our average through-the-cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Our expectations for the full year 2018 effective tax rate is in the 14.5% to 15% range. Before I turn it over to Mac, I'd like to give you a quick update on the strategic planning process we began earlier in the year. We're excited about the progress we've made and the meaningful discussions geared by our Board of Directors, the executive leadership team and many dedicated colleagues in Huntington. In September, we had a 3-day board offsite to further refine and decision the strategic plan. And last week the board had another robust set of conversations as we are nearing completion of the plan. As we previously mentioned, we anticipate new long-term financial goals will be an important outcome of the new strategic plan, and we look forward to sharing those with you later this year. So Mac will now provide an overview of our financial performance. Mac?
Howell McCullough: Thank you, Steve, and good morning, everyone. Slide 6 provides the highlights of the third quarter results. As Steve mentioned, we had a strong third quarter. We recorded earnings per common share of $0.33, up 43% over the year ago quarter. Adjusting for $31 million of acquisition-related significant items in the third quarter of 2017, core EPS was up $0.08 or 32% year-over-year. We are very pleased with the momentum we are seeing across all of our businesses as evidenced by our 5% year-over-year revenue growth and our 55.3% efficiency ratio, down 520 basis points from the year ago quarter. Return on assets was 1.4%, return on common equity was 14% and return on tangible common equity was 19%. We believe all 3 of these metrics distinguish Huntington among our regional bank peers. Tangible book value per share increased 3% year-over-year to $7.06, even with a considerable share repurchase in the quarter. Lastly, the tax rate was 14.1% during the third quarter, which was impacted by a $3 million benefit from stock-based compensation and a $3 million benefit related to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Turning now to Slide 7. Average earning assets grew 4% from the third quarter of 2017. This increase was driven by a 7% growth in average loans and leases, including broad-based strength in consumer lending. Average residential mortgage loans increased 22% year-over-year, reflecting an increase in loan officers as well as further expansion into the Chicago market. As we typically do, we sold the agency qualified mortgage production in the quarter and retained the jumbo mortgages and specialty mortgage products. Average C&I loans increased 4% year-over-year with growth centered in middle market, asset finance, energy and corporate banking. On an inter-period basis, C&I balances increased 5% linked quarter annualized as we saw a healthy pickup in originations in the final month of the quarter. Average auto loans increased 6% year-over-year as a result of consistent and disciplined loan production. Originations totaled $1.4 billion for the third quarter of 2018, down 15% year-over-year. This was deliberate, as we've been consistently increasing auto loan pricing, which slowed originations while optimizing revenue. The average new money yield on our auto originations was 4.62% in the quarter, up 40 basis points from 4.22% in the second quarter and up 100 basis points from 3.62% in the year ago quarter. Average RV and marine loans increased 31% year-over-year, reflecting the success of the well-managed expansion of the business into 17 new states over the past two years. Linked quarter growth was 52% annualized, reflecting the normal seasonality during the summer months. Average commercial real estate loans were down 1% on a year-over-year basis and down 3% on a linked-quarter basis. This reflects anticipated pay downs as well as our strategic tightening of commercial real estate lending, specifically in multifamily, retail and construction in order to remain consistent with our aggregate moderate- to low-risk appetite and to ensure appropriate returns on capital. Finally, securities were down 3% year-over-year as we continued to let the portfolio runoff and remix the cash flows into higher-yielding loan products. Turning now to Slide 8. Average total deposits grew 5% year-over-year, including a 6% increase in average core deposits. Core certificates of deposit were up 141% from the year ago quarter, reflecting the initiatives during the past 3 quarters to grow fixed rate term consumer deposits in light of the raising -- rising interest rate environment. Average interest-bearing DDA deposits increased 9% year-over-year, while average noninterest-bearing DDA deposits decreased 7%. This was almost entirely driven by our commercial customers as they continue to shift from noninterest-bearing to interest-bearing products, primarily interest checking, hybrid checking and money market. However, as shown on Slide 37 in the appendix, our core consumer noninterest-bearing deposits were actually up 5% year-over-year as we continue to grow households and deepen relationships. Average money market deposits were up 6% year-over-year, driven by solid growth in consumer balances and preferences of commercial customers shifting towards higher yielding products. On a linked-quarter basis, total deposits grew $2.2 billion or 3%, reducing our average short-term borrowings in the quarter by 44%. We remain focused on core funding the balance sheet in the current rising interest rate environment. Moving now to Slide 9. Our net interest income increased $39 million or 5% versus the year ago quarter. Driving this growth was the 4% increase in earning assets and rising yields in both our consumer and commercial loan portfolios. Our GAAP net interest margin was 3.32% for the third quarter, up 3 basis points from the year ago quarter and up 3 basis points linked quarter. The third quarter was impacted by a slower rise in short-term rates as average 1-month LIBOR increased 14 basis points during the quarter versus 63 basis points in the first half of the year. We do not anticipate the same headwind in the fourth quarter. Moving to Slide 10. Our core net interest margin for the third quarter was 3.25%, up 7 basis points from the year ago quarter and up 3 basis points linked quarter. Purchase accounting accretion contributed 7 basis points to the net interest margin compared to 12 basis points in the year ago quarter. Slide 33 in the appendix provides information regarding the scheduled impact of FirstMerit purchase accounting accretion for 2018 and 2019. On earning asset slide, our commercial loan yields increased 59 basis points year-over-year, while consumer loan yields increased 22 basis points. Our deposit costs remained well contained with the rate paid on total interest-bearing deposits of 73 basis points for the quarter up 38 basis points year-over-year. Consumer core deposits costs were up 26 basis points year-over-year and commercial core deposits costs were up 27 basis points. Moving now to Slide 11. Our cycle-to-date deposit beta remains low at 28% through the third quarter of 2018, which is still well below our expectations. While our CD funding strategy negatively impacted our deposit beta in the second and third quarters, our core deposit growth continues to outpace peers, and we'll be better positioned for continued interest rate increases in the future. As we told you last quarter, overall deposit pricing remains rational in our markets. Slide 12 provides detail on our noninterest income for the quarter and comparison to the year ago quarter. Our noninterest income increased $12 million or 4% from the third quarter of 2017. We are seeing momentum in our fee businesses, driven by our ongoing household and relationship acquisition and the execution of our strategies, including our Optimal Customer Relationship strategy. Slide 13 highlights the key drivers in our 4% year-over-year reduction in reported noninterest expense. Comparisons to the third quarter of 2017 are impacted by $31 million of acquisition-related significant items in the year ago quarter. We remain focused on expense control, while also investing in our key businesses. Our efficiency ratio has trended down, reflecting the successful cost-save initiatives from the FirstMerit acquisition. Slide 14 illustrates the continued strength of our capital ratios. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.25%, down 17 basis points year-over-year. Common equity Tier 1 ended the quarter at 9.89%, down 5 basis points year-over-year and down 64 basis points linked quarter. CET1 is now back within our operating guideline of 9% to 10%. We expect to stay near the upper end of this range given the length of the current recovery and where we believe we are in the economic cycle. Slide 15 illustrates our previously articulated capital priorities, which have been confirmed during the current strategic planning process. Our first priority is to fund organic growth of the balance sheet. Our second priority is the cash dividend. As Steve mentioned earlier, we were pleased to be able to increase our cash dividend materially this quarter. This was enabled by the significant improvement in capital generation driven over the past few years and our strong results in the DFAST and CCAR processes. Our final capital priority is everything else, which includes share repurchases and selective M&A. Our $691 million share repurchase during the third quarter include a $400 million ASR. We use the ASR to effectively offset the dilution incurred during the first quarter from our Series A preferred equity conversion as was contemplated in our CCAR submission. Excluding the onetime nature of this ASR, the total payout ratio this year would look closer to our long-term payout ratio targets versus the elevated 112% year-to-date payout ratio shown on the slide. We previously stated that we have a long-term total payout ratio target of 70% to 80% and a dividend payout ratio target of approximately 45%. We continue to view whole bank M&A as an unattractive use of capital at this time given the highly inflated seller's expectations and where we believe we are in the economic cycle. Earlier this month, we closed on a previously announced acquisition of Hutchinson, Shockey, Erley & Co, a small specialty broker-dealer with expertise in municipal underwriting. This is a small bolt-on acquisition, which is a nice addition to our government banking and capital markets businesses. Moving to Slide 16. Credit quality remained strong in the quarter. Consistent prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntington's core principles, and our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined approach to risk management and our aggregate moderate-to-low risk appetite. We booked loan loss provision expense of $49 million in the third quarter compared to net charge-offs of $29 million. The loan loss provision expense in the quarter reflected the strong loan growth and continued migration of the acquired FirstMerit portfolio into the originated portfolio. We have now booked provision expense above net charge-offs for 12 of the past 13 quarters, illustrating our high-quality earnings. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 16 basis points of average loans and leases, which remains below our average through-the-cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Net charge-offs were flat from the prior quarter and down 9 basis points from the year ago quarter. There is additional granularity on charge-offs by portfolio in the analyst package in the slides. The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans increased 2 basis points linked quarter to 1.04%, while the allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans also increased 2 basis points linked quarter to 1.17%. Slide 17 highlights Huntington's strong position to execute on our strategy and provide consistent through-the-cycle shareholder returns. The graph on the top left quadrant represents our continued growth in pretax preprovision net revenue as a result of focused execution of our core strategies. The strong level of capital generation positions us well to support balance sheet growth and return capital to our shareholders at an advantage rate over the long term. The top right chart highlights the well-balanced mix of our loan and deposit portfolios. We are both a consumer and commercial bank and believe that the diversification of this balance sheet will serve us well over the cycle. Our DFAST stress test results in the bottom left highlight our disciplined enterprise risk management. And finally, the bottom right demonstrates Huntington's strong capital position. Turning now to Slide 18. This new slide highlights Huntington's continued investment in our customer experience advantage, with a focus on human-led technology-enabled delivery and solutions. We are seeing an ongoing shift towards mobile and digital usage by our customers. 62% of our households are digitally active, and we would expect that figure will continue to increase materially in the years to come. On the top right of the slide, you can see a few of the most recent mobile and digital initiatives. As you can imagine, the current strategic planning process has a significant focus on digital and mobile technology, and we will share more details once the plan is finalized. We remain focused on extending our customer experience advantage through targeted investment. As previously announced, we are consolidating 70 branches and a handful of corporate facilities in the fourth quarter. The strategic decision to consolidate these offices is the result of our continuous review of our distribution channels and our customers' perceptions, behaviors and needs. The run rate costs -- savings associated with these consolidations will be entirely deployed in the targeted investments in technology, specifically digital, in order to better serve our customers. Let me now turn it back over to Mark, so we can get to your questions.
Mark Muth: Thanks, Mac. Sherry, we'll now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin: Mac, wondering if you can just help us flush out the incremental securities loss and then the incremental charges on your previously announced restructuring charges? And maybe even more so than understanding the fourth quarter, help us understand the return on those? And how we should expect that to affect the '19 starting points for both the securities portfolio yield and also just for the cost base?
Howell McCullough: Thanks, Ken. So we're selling about $1.1 billion of investment securities in the fourth quarter, and we will replace those one-for-one. So there won't be an increase in the securities portfolio from this action. Basically, it's a shorter-duration, low-yielding securities. And the payback is pretty quick, under two years, on this transaction. We're going to get a net yield pickup of about 1.2%, which should translate into about $13 million in additional net interest income in 2019. So we do see this as good hygiene and continuing to make sure that we stay efficient with the balance sheet and think about opportunities. On the expense side, so this is basically related to the 70-branch consolidation that will take place in the fourth quarter. And there will be some corporate facilities that we will be closing, consolidating as part of that as well. And we estimate that to be approximately $40 million and it would be the typical expenses that you see in these types of activities. And when you think about the 2018 guidance and the change to the 2018 guidance for both revenue and expense, these items impacted those changes to a very large degree, entirely on the expense side and primarily on the revenue side. So shouldn't think about this really as being a change in core guidance for 2018. This is really about these actions that we're taking in the fourth quarter.
Kenneth Usdin: Got it. And my follow up, Mac, just on that expense point. If I follow you on that and just put in the $40 million on the expense side, it would still seem that underlying that, you're still expecting a decent increase in kind of underlying cost growth third to fourth. Can you just level set us on that versus the $651 million result you just put up, the type of underlying expense growth you're still expecting in 4Q?
Howell McCullough: Yes, Ken, so it is somewhat seasonal. We do have higher expenses in the fourth quarter. I would tell you there's not anything out of the ordinary relative to what we've seen historically in the fourth quarter, just the fact that we do have higher revenue because of seasonal actions taking place in the fourth quarter by our customers and the expenses that come along with that.
Operator: Our next question is from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Jon Arfstrom: Question on lending. When you talk about your pipelines and the outlook, this mid-single-digit pace that you guys have put up, maybe even a little bit better, Steve, I'm just curious, longer term, do you see any threats to that? Or do you feel like that's a sustainable pace for the company?
Stephen Steinour: Thanks, John. We are sitting with pipeline that's largely equivalent to where we were this time last year on both the consumer and commercial side. As we look forward, we're bullish on the economy and our footprint. There is certainly a line of macro volatility right now, so that could impact things, but we're optimistic. And getting the NAFTA risk off the table is a big step forward for us in this region. Underlying commercial demand seems to, if anything, be triggered by a constraint on employment, and we have many, many customers throughout all of our regions now suggesting that they could do more if they had more labor. So there's clearly a labor supply impact going on. And then additionally, we've been outplayed a bit and have had a lot of commentary about pipelines now going into 2020. So it would appear to be -- it would appear that business is consistent. And to be at this time of the year with backlogs into 2020 is a bit unusual. So very positive to the year.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, good. And then, not necessarily an M&A question, but Mac's comment about having less interest in M&A because of where we are on the economic cycle. I'm just curious, where you think we are in the economic cycle? And are you, or maybe Dan, could comment, seeing any kind of stress or irrational behavior?
Howell McCullough: Yes. No, I think that irrational behavior -- I mean, we're definitely seeing people pick their spots in terms of being quite aggressive, but that really is nothing to -- we've seen that for some time. So I think it's pretty much the status quo. In terms of where we are on the cycle, we're several late in the cycle. I think this is the third year that we've said we're late in the cycle. So we continue to plan and look at our portfolio and view new transactions in light of the fact that we have to be prepared at all times for a downturn, whether that happens 18 months from now or 3 years from now. So it really hasn't changed that posture.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill and Partners.
Robert Siefers: I was hoping you could sort of rewalk through the margin expectations for the fourth quarter. I know, Mac, after the second quarter, you guys have been thinking somewhere in the neighborhood of 3 to 6 basis points of core margin improvement per quarter in the second half. So -- I know LIBOR was sort of an issue for you and others this quarter, so maybe you got off to a slower start, kind of bottom end of the range. But if you can rewalk through what the expectations for core and reported would be for the fourth quarter and then the main puts and takes as you see them?
Howell McCullough: Yes, Scott. So we believe that we're going to see expansion in the fourth quarter NIM, both for core and reported, 4 to 6 basis points. Part of that is just understanding that we're not going to have the same impacts with LIBOR in the third quarter -- like we did in the third quarter in the fourth quarter. The other part of it is we continue to remain very disciplined on asset pricing and just making sure that we're getting paid appropriately for the risks that we're taking. And we also are anticipating maybe a lower deposit beta in the fourth quarter. So those things coming together along with the recent rate increase, we feel confident that the 4 to 6 basis point expansion for both core and reported in the fourth quarter is very doable.
Robert Siefers: Okay, perfect. And then I just want to make sure -- sorry, this might sound a little vague in here, but I just want to make sure I understand the expense guide. So we're starting off the 2017 reported dollars of expenses and now we're taking, I guess, it's the 2% to 2.5% off of that and then the guidance includes the $40 million of expenses that are sort of unusual. So are we effectively in the middle of that range, implying a fourth quarter expense somewhere of about $670 million when you net out the year-to-date expenses you already incurred?
Howell McCullough: That probably sounds a little bit high. Again, the fourth quarter is seasonally higher from an expense perspective. But that would be the math that you'd want to go through, Scott, in order to be able to do that.
Operator: Our next question is from John Pancari [ph] with Evercore ISI.
Samuel Ross: This is Sam Ross on for John Pancari. Just a quick question on the auto securitizations. I'm just wondering if there's any updated plans for the near term in that regard?
Howell McCullough: At this point in time, we don't have plans for auto securitization. We've -- the increased pricing that we've been able to execute on the auto book has helped us pull volume back and really maintain revenue where we expected it to be, even at a higher origination number with lower rates. So we feel confident in terms of how we're managing the exposure on the balance sheet and don't really see in auto securitization in the future.
Samuel Ross: That's helpful. And then, looking at your tax rate, it seems like the tax rate is coming in lower than you had previously expected. And I'm just wondering if this is a function of some of the moving parts or onetime items that you have seen? Or is this like the normalized run rate we should expect going forward?
Howell McCullough: Yes, what you need to adjust for in the third quarter is $3 million of benefit related to stock-based comp and $3 million related to the true-up of tax reform in 2017. If you adjust for that $6 million, you'll be at 15.5% for the third quarter, and that is the low end of a range that we have been giving you earlier for first, second quarter. So we're still in that 15.5% to 16.5% range, it's just these 2 unusual items this quarter that took us down.
Operator: Our next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven Alexopoulos: On the deposit side, if we look at the sharp growth again in time deposits, where would you guys ultimately like to take those balances to?
Howell McCullough: Well, we've -- if you take a look over time, Steve, and we've actually run CD balances, time deposits off pretty significantly over a number of years. This really is the first year that we've started to grow that portfolio again. We don't really have a target for it. The growth has slowed down. Basically, we're not the price leader in the market right now, in the region right now on the CD products, but we're still getting decent growth, I would say, on a monthly basis. We just felt that, that was a smart move for us in the first quarter as we saw the loan growth materializing for the year and wanting to stay core funded without impacting some of the backlogs, say, in money market or savings. So we put the promotion in place in kind of the middle of first quarter, and we've raised probably over $3 billion since then and feel really good about the term and the rates that we paid. So it's not going to be -- become a significant portion of our core deposit funding going forward. It's more situational, just given the rate environment and what's happening right now.
Steven Alexopoulos: Got you. Okay. And then, just a follow-up. If we look at deposit costs up 14 bps quarter-over-quarter and the time deposits were a part of that. How do you think that continues to trend going forward? Is 14 bps a reasonable range? Or does some pressure come off as maybe you slow time deposit growth?
Howell McCullough: Yes, I think some pressure will come off of that, Steve. And I think we are seeing time deposit growth slow down. And we're also being cautious with deposit pricing in the fourth quarter. We're thinking of a big growth at the rates that we're paying today. So I do expect the deposit beta in the fourth quarter to be lower than the year-to-date deposit beta. So that's where we stand.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray.
Kevin Barker: Concerning your lowering the deposit beta in the fourth quarter. I mean, do you expect the deposit beta to run a little bit lower going to the first half of '19? Or do you think that's going to reaccelerate just given your guidance for 50% cumulative deposit beta?
Howell McCullough: Yes, so we still feel comfortable with that 50% cumulative deposit beta. We're at about 50% year-to-date in 2018. And I would tell you that the fourth quarter is probably somewhat situational in terms of where we are and the deposit flows that we see. I would still think about that 50% longer-term deposit beta as being the right way to model going forward.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then can you talk about the deposit flows that you're seeing on the consumer side versus the commercial side and the betas you're seeing on commercial versus consumer, especially around noninterest-bearing deposits?
Howell McCullough: Yes. So we haven't disclosed betas consumer versus commercial, but we do continue to see good consumer growth of 5% year-over-year growth and in core, checking accounts balances is really strong. And we've also seen good money market growth as well. So very, very comfortable with what's happening on the consumer side of the business and the growth that we're seeing. And commercial, as you know, is competitive. We evaluate every request that we get for a rate increase, and we look at the depth of the relationship and the strength of the opportunity going forward and deciding if we're -- what we're going to pay out for those deposits. So I think we have a very good process in place that's serving us well, and we're managing that side of the balance sheet appropriately.
Operator: Our next question is from Brock Vandervliet with UBS.
Brocker Vandervliet: Just following up on some of these deposit questions. Borrowings and noncore deposits have been clearly headed the other way. Is the goal to effectively run those out?
Howell McCullough: Well, we do like to minimize both those balances as best we can, and we think about that as being a bit of a feeling around what we might be willing to pay on commercial deposits and thinking about how we manage that side of the balance sheet. We certainly don't have a plan to minimize other types of funding, but to the extent we can raise good core deposits at the right cost, we're going to continue to do that. And we've been actually very successful doing that in 2018. So feel good about where we're positioned and the deposit flows that we're seeing. And wouldn't be surprised if we stay around these levels in terms of overnight funding and those other types of funding sources.
Brocker Vandervliet: And then just stepping back, I mean, the more common pattern across the industry appears to be acceleration in betas, a more violent mix shift into higher cost deposits. And you called that out as occurring more rapidly on the commercial side. But overall your deltas and deposit costs are actually down sequentially. Do you think that's more a factor of your own strategy and tactics or a lack of competitive response or a bit of both?
Howell McCullough: I would say a bit of both. I think the competition in the region has remained very rational. I don't think we see any one, really at any size of organization, doing something that looks unreasonable. So that certainly helps. And I do think that we have a bit of a unique customer base because of the Fair Play strategy and what we've done from a satisfaction and loyalty perspective. We've long-tenured customers on the consumer side, in particular. And I do believe that's certainly going to help us from a pricing and retention perspective going forward. And I think those things really contribute to the fact that we can manage our costs perhaps a little bit better than the average regional bank.
Operator: Our next question is from Erika Najarian with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Brandon [ph] on behalf of Erika. So two quick questions. And the first question, sorry to be the dead horse, I just want to understand the expenses. So if we plug in the $40 million, are you basically saying that the quarter-over-quarter growth in expenses on a core basis should be around 3%. And then if we back out that $40 million, it kind of gets to the negative 2.5% for the year?
Howell McCullough: So think about it on a full year basis. That's the guidance that we've given. And just make sure you adjust for the $40 million in doing the math.
Unidentified Analyst: Understood. And then, separately, I know you guys have previously said that for every 25 basis point increase in rates, you guys should see about $25 million in annual net interest income growth. Is that still intact? Or do you guys see some pressure on the loan side that is compressing spreads?
Howell McCullough: Yes, I would say that has reduced a little bit. It's probably around $20 million now.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question is from Terry McEvoy with Stephens.
Terence McEvoy: Just the growth in the RV and marine finance portfolio up $800 million year-over-year. Could you just talk about how much of that is out of footprint? And what you're doing internally to manage the risk within that portfolio?
Howell McCullough: Yes, Terry, so the growth is -- we're now in 34 states. So the growth is going to be dispersed. Early on, obviously, it was majority in footprint, I would say. Now, we've got greater diversification. The important thing is the profile of the customer, which is identical in all of our markets. You'll note that we're at about an 800 FICO score in that business, so very low probability of default. And we do underwrite this business individually. We're looking at liquidity, we're looking at other measurements, they're not auto decisions. Average size of the boats and RVs are modest, tend to be second time buyers of these assets. So very consistent origination metrics regardless of geography, and, frankly, we like the geographic diversification.
Terence McEvoy: And then just as a follow-up, could you maybe discuss reserve building going forward relative to loans? It's been up -- taking up 1 basis point or 2 each quarter. And just going back to your comments on the credit cycle, do you expect that bill to accelerate from here just based on some of those earlier comments?
Howell McCullough: We've said that we expect the reserve to build very gradually over time. I think we've been consistent on that going back many quarters. And I think that obviously the components of that bills have been charge-offs, the growths in the portfolio, which has been fairly strong, the marked amortization, and then we've got portfolio specifics, market dynamics, things like that built in. So I would see a fairly consistent view with a slow built going forward.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Reevey with D.A. Davidson.
Kevin Reevey: So could you walk us through the thinking as far as how you decide which branches to consolidate?
Stephen Steinour: Kevin, there's a lot of work that goes into this. It's coordinated amongst multiple teams, but it's keyed off of usage patterns within the branches. And so we have #1 branch share in Ohio and Michigan. So we have a density in many of our markets to work from. And those utilization patterns are looked at with a view of not just physical, but also what's going on, on a digital and ATM usage. So we have a fair amount of our distribution that's fairly close in to other branches, and those patterns help us or guide us in terms of where we see opportunities.
Kevin Reevey: And then earlier in your -- and Steve, earlier in your prepared remark, you talked about the strength and your bullish outlook on your markets, but I'm just curious just how your ag dependent markets are faring?
Stephen Steinour: Well, we're not by any stretch a meaningful ag lender. And while the states of Ohio, Illinois, to some extent Michigan are ag, they're very diversified ag states. They will have some impact from the tariffs. But there is also a fair amount of relief coming to that sector. And the ag sector has had a very robust run for a number of years. Typically, these are individuals or companies that are very, very low leveraged, and so they don't see a significant impact on any of the states we're in, in terms of ag in the near term at this point.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Adele Lee [ph] in for Peter Winter today. I just have a quick question. Could you provide some color around your fee income expectations for the fourth quarter? I mean, given all your continuous tech spend, I would like to see some very exciting things happening there.
Howell McCullough: So I think you're going to see growth in the areas that we've experienced the growth year-to-date. I think capital markets will continue to have a good year and a good fourth quarter. I think, going to continue to see growth in card and payment processing revenue, with the growth in households that we see on the consumer side of the bank, good growth in deposit service charges as well on both consumer and commercial when you think about treasury management and some of the product opportunities we have there. I think weakness will be in mortgage banking as we've seen across the industry and throughout the year. The gain on sale has been lighter this year, and that has impacted that line for the entire year. So in general, I think we're in good shape as we think about some of the lines that are performing well for us. Trust and investment management is another, just with the way the market has been performing so far this year. So I would look at the lines where you've seen growth already this year and think about those lines continuing into the fourth quarter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve Steinour for closing comments.
Stephen Steinour: Again, thank you, all, for joining us. Through the first 3 quarters of 2018, we've consistently produced quality earnings and look to continue the momentum into the end of the year. We're building long-term shareholder value with our top quartile financial performance and strong risk management. We have a track record of disciplined execution and delivering on our goals and commitments as you've seen. So we look forward to providing new long-term financial metrics later this quarter. And then finally, as always, we'd like to include a reminder that there's a high level of alignment between the board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively the seventh largest shareholder of Huntington, and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained, long-term performance. So thanks for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth - Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.
Analysts: Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC Ricky Dodds - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC Brian Klock - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares' Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.
Mark Muth - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thank you. Welcome. I'm Mark Muth, the Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides, we'll be reviewing, can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, will also be participating in the Q&A portion of today's call. As noted on slide 2, today's discussion including the Q&A period will contain forward looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Mark, and thank you to everyone for joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. We had a really solid second quarter as we continue to build momentum and deliver high-quality earnings. We reported net income of $355 million and earnings per share of $0.30, increases of 31% and 30%, respectively, over the second quarter of 2017. Profitability ratios were very good and improving with return on common equity of 13.2% and return on tangible common equity of 17.6%. The average loan increase was strong at 7% versus the second quarter of 2017 and 8% annualized versus the first quarter of 2018. Our loan growth was driven by disciplined broad-based growth in both commercial and consumer loans. We're pleased with our second quarter efficiency ratio of 57% driven by 4% year-over-year revenue growth and continued expense discipline. Our organic growth, along with the successful integration of the FirstMerit, provides scale which will allows for continued meaningful investments in extending our customer experience advantage through targeted investments in both people and technology, all while delivering positive operating leverage. The franchise continues to perform well on many fronts, allowing us to make the investments that we needed to compete at the highest levels of the industry as a result of the focused execution of our strategies. We're very pleased with the recent DFAST and CCAR stress test results which provided important industry comparisons. Now, Huntington's organic capital generation, as illustrated by the profitability metrics that I just referenced, is a significant competitive advantage for the company and is a direct result of our successful acquisition and integration of FirstMerit. On the credit side of the equation, our nine-quarter cumu loss as a percentage of total loans in a severely adverse scenario ranked third-lowest among traditional commercial banks. Our performance in the Fed's nine-quarter cumulative loan loss estimates in a severely adverse stress scenarios over the past four years, where we have never ranked lower than fourth, clearly reflects our relatively strong and consistently disciplined risk management. Combined, these results highlight our ability to generate strong earnings and industry-leading profitability. We remain committed to our aggregate moderate- to low-risk appetite, which we put in place eight years ago. And as a reminder, we've reinforced the importance of these standards by requiring about the top 800 officers of the company to comply with Holt's retirement restrictions on their equity awards. I'd also like to take this opportunity to discuss the performance of the Auto Finance business in the stress test, particularly in light of the Fed's comments earlier this year stating that they intended to stress auto portfolios heavily. The Fed's black box remains opaque. However, we know that our other consumer portfolios' severely adverse stress scenario losses which includes the super prime indirect auto portfolio, we're among  we're the fifth best among the traditional commercial banks. Within the company-run portion of DFAST, our indirect auto portfolio remained profitable in every quarter of the severely adverse stress scenario again this year. In fact, our indirect auto and auto dealer floor plan portfolios combined are the two best-performing portfolios in our entire loan portfolio in the stress test. Now this highlights the high-quality, low-risk nature of our super prime-focused indirect auto portfolio along with our dealer centric floor plan businesses. Reflecting the power of the FirstMerit acquisition, we were one of the few regional banks to see our stressed total capital increase from the 2017 CCAR process despite the more difficult Fed scenario in 2018. Consistently high capital generation governed by strong risk management is highly correlated to the creation of shareholder value in our industry. Our performance in the 2018 CCAR process clearly indicates that we're on the right track. We materially increased our total payout in 2018 with quarterly dividend increasing 27% from $0.11 to $0.14 per share. This year will represent the eighth consecutive year of an increased dividend. The board also approved the repurchase of about $1.1 billion of common stock over the next four quarters. And consistent with our CCAR capital plan, we intend to frontload about three-quarters of the buyback into 2018, including the announced intention to enter into an accelerated share repurchase program for approximately $400 million of common stock this quarter. We understand prudent capital allocation is essential to delivering strong returns to our shareholders. The 2018 capital plan actions are consistent with our stated capital priorities which are to fund organic growth, first; increase our quarterly dividend, second; and finally, other uses including the return of capital via share repurchases. At this time we do not view traditional commercial bank acquisitions as being attractive, as potential candidates are not meeting our valuation expectations. Now as Mac has stated on previous occasions, we believe our earnings power, capital generation and risk management discipline will support higher dividends including a higher dividend payout ratio over time. As we've briefly outlined on slide 3, we developed Huntington's strategies with a vision of creating a high performing regional bank and delivering top quartile through the cycle shareholder returns. Our profitability metrics are amongst the best in the industry and we have built sustainable competitive advantages in our key businesses that we believe will drive continued high performance in the future. We continue to make meaningful, long-term investments in our businesses, particularly around our highly-engaged colleagues and customer experience, enabled by technology and particularly digital technology to drive organic growth. We're very pleased with how we're positioned and the opportunities ahead. Slide 4 illustrates our long-term financial goals which were approved by the board in the fall of 2014 as part of our strategic planning process. As a reminder, these goals were originally set with a five-year time horizon in mind and we fully expect to achieve these goals this year on a reported GAAP basis, two years ahead of the original expectation. Our second quarter efficiency ratio was near the low end of our long-term goal as a result of our expense discipline and focus on revenue growth while continuing to invest in our businesses. We're on pace again to deliver our annual goal of positive operating leverage, which will represent our sixth consecutive year of doing so. Our credit metrics are simply excellent. On our second quarter losses were the 16th consecutive quarter where net charge-offs remained below our average through the cycle target range. Our 17.6% return on tangible common equity positions Huntington as a top-performing regional bank. And these results demonstrate that our strategies are working and will continue to drive Huntington forward. Now, let's turn to slide 5 to review 2018 expectations and to discuss the current economic and competitive environment in our markets. The local economies across our eight-state footprint continue to perform well and we remain optimistic on the near-term outlook. Unemployment rates remain near historical lows and we continue to see meaningful labor shortages in several footprint markets such as Columbus, Indianapolis and Grand Rapids. The Midwest, in fact, has the highest job opening rate in the nation so far in 2018, reflecting the dynamic region for potential job growth; the most dynamic region for potential job growth of the four major regions in the country according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics' May JOLTS survey. As shown on the slide in the appendix, the Philadelphia Fed's state-leading indicator indices where our footprint point toward a favorable economic environment for the remainder of 2018. Most of the states are expected to see an acceleration in economic activity over the next six months. Four of our states, including Ohio, are expected to grow significantly faster than the nation. And while trade and tariff issues are creating some uncertainty in specific industries, we've not yet seen an impact on our customer base. We continue to have conversations with our clients and they remain optimistic for their businesses and the region, in large part reflecting the positive impact of federal tax reform and the overall strength of the economy. We are seeing broad-based commercial loan growth driven by increased capital expenditures including planned expansions. Our loan pipelines remained steady and moving to 2018 (11:15), we expect full-year average loan growth in the range of 5.5% to 6.5%. And based on our current auto pricing strategy, we no longer expect to do an auto securitization this year. Full-year average deposit growth is expected to be 3.5% to 4.5%, while full-year growth in average core deposits is expected to be 4.5% to 5.5%. We expect full-year revenue growth of 5% to 6%. We project the GAAP NIM for the full-year will expand 2 basis points to 4 basis points compared to 2017 and we expect both the core and GAAP NIM will be up modestly in the third quarter of 2018. We remain on track to deliver positive operating leverage for the sixth consecutive year. We expect a 3% to 4% decrease in non-interest expense on a GAAP basis. And our expected efficiency ratio range is 55.5% to 56.5%, in line with our year-to-date results and an improvement from the full-year 2017 efficiency ratio of 61%. We anticipate the net charge-offs will remain below our average through the cycle target of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. And our expectation for the effective tax rate for the remainder of the year is in the 15.5% to 16.5% range. Looking beyond 2018, we continue to make meaningful progress on the new three-year strategic planning process we kicked off in the first quarter. Our past two strategic plans significantly advanced the company's financial performance and competitive positioning. To continue this momentum, our areas of focus for the 2018 planning process are top-line revenue growth, capital optimization and business model evolution incorporating expected disruption. And we're fortunate to be in a position to build on the strong foundation of our previous strategic plan, which have positioned us as an industry leader in customer experience. We're focused on extending our customer experience advantage through a series of initiatives coming out of this year's strategic process that will allow us to improve customer acquisition while reducing customer attrition and deepen relationships with our customers. As always, our board of directors is highly engaged in the process, meeting for the last  for two days, just last week, to be followed up with a three-day board offsite in September to further refine a decision on the (13:48) new strategic plan. As we've stated previously, another important outcome of the strategic planning process will be new long-term financial goals for the company. We expect to be in a position to communicate those goals later this year. So, before I turn it over to Mac, I want to personally thank everyone who participated in our recent investor and analyst survey. We really appreciate hearing your thoughts on where we've met your expectations and as importantly, where we have opportunities to improve. The survey results are extremely valuable to us and to our board as we continue to work through our strategic planning process. As always, Mark and the IR team are available to anyone that didn't participate but would like to share your thoughts or concerns with us or the board. So, Mac, let me now ask you to provide an overview of the financials.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Steve. Slide 6 provides the highlights of the second quarter results. As Steve mentioned, we had a good second quarter. It was also a clean quarter, as for the third quarter in a row, there were no significant items other than the implementation of tax reform in the fourth quarter of 2017. We reported earnings per common share of $0.30, up 30% over the year ago quarter. The year ago quarter included a $0.03 per share reduction due to the FirstMerit integration related significant items. Return on assets was 1.36%. Return on common equity was 13.2%; and return on tangible common equity was 17.6%. We believe all three of these metrics distinguish Huntington among our regional bank peers. Our efficiency ratio for the quarter was 56.6%. Tangible book value per share increased to 2% sequentially and 8% year-over-year to $7.27 per share. On slide 7, total revenue was up 4% from the year ago quarter. Net interest income was up 5% year-over-year due to a 5% increase in average earning assets. The non-interest income increased 3% year-over-year, reflecting ongoing household acquisition and execution of our Optimal Customer Relationship or OCR strategy. While both mortgage and SBA originations were higher year-over-year, compression in secondary market spreads and mortgage banking and a higher mix of construction SBA originations, which lengthens the funding cycle for SBA loans, continue to impact these fee categories. Non-interest expense decreased 6% year-over-year, reflecting $50 million of significant items expensed in the year ago quarter related to the integration of FirstMerit versus none in the current quarter. Expenses were up versus the prior quarter, driven by the timing of compensation associated with long-term incentives and seasonally higher marketing expense. For a closer look at the income statement details, please refer to the analyst package and the press release. Turning to slide 8, average earning assets grew 5% from the second quarter of 2017. This increase was driven by a 7% increase in average loans and leases. Average C&I loans increased 3% year-over-year with growth centered in middle market, asset finance, energy and corporate banking. On a linked quarter basis, average C&I loans increased 2% or 7% annualized, with broad-based growth in middle market, asset finance, energy and specialty banking. Average commercial real estate loans were up 4% year-over-year while flat on a linked quarter basis as we have strategically tightened commercial real estate lending specifically in multi-family, retail and construction to remain consistent with our aggregate moderate- to low-risk appetite and to ensure appropriate returns on capital. Average auto loans increased 8% year-over-year as a result of consistent and disciplined loan production. Originations totaled $1.6 billion for the second quarter of 2018, down 2% year-over-year. We have been consistently increasing auto loan pricing, which slowed originations while optimizing revenue. The average new money yield on our auto originations was 4.22% in the quarter, up from 3.88% in the first quarter. Average RV and marine loans increased 31% year over year, reflecting the success of our expansion of the business into 17 new states over the past two years. Linked quarter growth was 30% annualized driven by normal seasonality. Average residential mortgage loans increased 21% year-over-year, reflecting continued strong demand for mortgages across our footprint, as well as the benefit of ongoing investment in former FirstMerit geographies, particularly Chicago. As typical, we sold the agency qualified mortgage production in the quarter and retained jumbo mortgages and specialty mortgage products. Turning the attention to the chart on the right side of the slide, average total deposits increased 4% from the year-ago quarter, including a 4% increase in average core deposits and a 6% increase in period end core deposits. Moving to slide 9, our net interest margin was 3.29% for the second quarter, down 2 basis points from the year-ago quarter and down 1 basis point linked quarter. During the first half of 2018, we took a number of actions to position the balance sheet for higher interest rates, including the origination of approximately $3 billion of attractively priced fixed rate CDs through our branch network. We also closed out approximately $3 billion of pay-floating swaps on fixed rate long-term debt and issued $1.25 billion of fixed rate, long-term debt that was swapped back to floating with an average weighted maturity of 4.6 years. The net sum of these actions made our balance sheet more asset-sensitive and will help better manage our deposit beta over the next 12 to 18 months. In addition, the second quarter of 2018 reflects the inflection point of balance sheet growth and core net interest margin improvement combined with runoff of purchase accounting accretion, allowing for expansion of our GAAP reported net interest margin to expand going forward. As Steve mentioned in his comments, we expect the GAAP reported net interest margin for full-year 2018 to expand 2 to 4 basis points over the full-year GAAP reported net interest margin for 2017. This would mean approximately 3 to 6 basis points of improvement in the GAAP reported net interest margin for each of the next two quarters. Purchase accounting accretion contributed 8 basis points to the net interest margin in the second quarter of 2018 compared to 15 basis points in the year-ago quarter. After adjusting for purchase accounting accretion in both quarters, the core NIM was 3.22% versus 3.16% in the second quarter of 2017. Growth in core net interest margin over the past year has more than offset the benefit in purchase accounting accretion. Slide 29 in the appendix provides information regarding the scheduled impact of FirstMerit purchase accounting for 2018 and 2019. On the earning assets side, our commercial loan yields increased 41 basis points year-over-year, while consumer loan yields increased 16 basis points. Our deposit costs remained well contained with total interest bearing deposits of 59 basis points for the quarter, up 28 basis points year-over-year. Consumer core deposits were up 14 basis points year-over-year and commercial core deposits were up 25 basis points. On a linked quarter basis, the core NIM was unchanged at 3.22%. Average earning asset yields increased 16 basis points, including a 26-basis-point increase in commercial loan yields and a 9-basis-point increase in consumer loan yields. On the liabilities side, the rate paid on interest-bearing deposits increased 16 basis points. Day count negatively impacted the net interest margin by 1 basis point on a linked-quarter basis. Our CD strategy negatively impacted the NIM by 1 basis point and derivative ineffectiveness on debt swaps had a negative impact of 3 basis points. Moving to slide 10, our cycle-to-date deposit beta remains low at 24% through the second quarter of 2018. While our CD funding strategy negatively impacted our cycle-to-date deposit beta by 2 basis points, we are better positioned for continued higher rates due to the strategy. As we told you last quarter, overall deposit pricing remains rational in our markets. Assuming one additional rate increase in 2018, our current forecast assumes an incremental deposit beta of approximately 50% for calendar year 2018, driven by the shift in customer preferences to more rate-sensitive products, including money markets and CDs. Slide 11 illustrates the continued strength of our capital ratios. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.78%, up 37 basis points year-over-year. Common equity Tier 1 ended the quarter at 10.53%, up 65 basis points year-over-year. Moving to slide 12, credit quality remained strong in the quarter. Consistent prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntington's core principles and our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined approach to risk management and our aggregate moderate- to low-risk appetite. We booked provisional expense of $56 million in the second quarter, including $8 million of allowance for unfunded loan commitments, compared to net charge-offs of $28 million. The loan loss provision expense in the quarter reflected the strong loan growth and continued migration of the acquired FirstMerit portfolio into the originated portfolio. As a reminder, our provision expense has exceeded net charge-offs in 11 out of the past 12 quarters while driving material earnings power improvement. Net charge-off represented an annualized 16 basis points of average loans and leases which remained below average through-the-cycle target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Net charge-offs were down 5 basis points from the prior quarter and the year ago quarter. As usual, there is additional granularity on charge-offs by portfolio in the analyst package in the slides. The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans increased 1 basis point linked quarter to 1.02% and coverage of non-accrual loans was 197%. The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans increased 2 basis points linked quarter to 1.15%. Turning to slide 13, overall asset quality metrics remained near cyclical lows and some quarterly volatility is expected given the absolute low level of problem loans. The non-performing asset ratio decreased 2 basis points sequentially to 57 basis points. The criticized asset ratio decreased 11 basis points from 3.60% to 3.49%. Slide 14 highlights Huntington's strong position to execute on our strategy and provide consistent through-the-cycle shareholder returns. The graph on the top left quadrant represents our continued growth in pre-tax pre-provision net revenue as a result of the focused execution of our core strategies. The strong level of capital generation positions us well to fund organic growth in the future and return capital to our shareholders, consistent with our capital priorities. The top right chart highlights the well-balanced mix of our loan and deposit portfolios. We are both a consumer and a commercial bank and believe the diversification of the balance sheet will serve us well over the cycle. Our DFAST stress test results in the bottom left, which Steve discussed earlier, highlight our disciplined enterprise risk management. Finally, the bottom right demonstrates Huntington's strong capital position. As we've returned to the key messages on slide 15, let me turn the presentation back over to Mark for Q&A
Mark Muth - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Jessie, we will now take questions. We ask that, as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she may add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Our first question is coming from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Thanks.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Good morning, guys. Hey, Mac, thanks for the color on the expectation for how the NIM should traject in the second half. I was wondering that's a pretty big step-up, 3 basis points to 6 basis points per quarter. Can you help us understand the  literally the  separate the left side and right side of the balance sheet and where that will be driven from?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So, Ken, I think a number of things will impact going forward. I do think we're being more aggressive on asset pricing. We've increased pricing in indirect auto. We've increased pricing in boat and RV. We've increased pricing in residential mortgage and we continue to be very disciplined and appropriately priced on the commercial portfolio. So we continue to see good expansion there, in particular, as we take some of these pricing actions. I think on the liability side, given the CD strategy that we put in place in really the middle of the first quarter of this year, we did expect to see some accelerated deposit costs. We also expected to see the loan growth that we've been seeing. So we wanted to make sure that we got ahead of that with core funding. We feel very good about the product that we put on the books. We've had very, I would say, good reception from our customer base, good execution by the retail branches in terms of raising about $3 billion to-date. And we do think that longer term that's going to position us well as interest rates continue to rise. We should see this help us both with asset sensitivity and with the deposit beta as going forward.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And as a follow-up, maybe you can also help us understand your reinvestment yields on new securities. I know you're changing the composition of the book, but versus the 271 basis points (28:33), what are you putting on stuff on? And on the right  lower right side, is there anything going on in the long-term debt line that should also revert relative to the big spike you saw in the cost on that line this quarter? Thanks a lot, Mac.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. So, we are not reinvesting into the security portfolio at this point in time. We're going to continue to run that down through the end of the year, basically not reinvesting cash flow. If you think about where we started the year to where we're going to end the year, the securities portfolio would be down about $1.8 billion. You need to cut through the noise because we do have some municipal loans that are counted as securities that are growing in that book. But basically, the pure investment security portfolio will be down $1.8 billion by the end of the year. We'll start to reinvest in 2019, but we're in really good shape from an LCR perspective right now and we're going to continue to run that down. We did issue some long-term debt. We did issue the $1.25 billion, $500 million of that was seven-year and $750 million was three-year. We did swap that to floating but we likely will have another issuance of debt later this year.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: All right. Thanks a lot, Mac.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Morning.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Morning, John.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: On your full-year 2018 outlook, I know you kind of bumped up the midpoint of your revenue expectation. You bumped down the midpoint of your expense expectation a bit versus previously. But the midpoint of your efficiency ratio guidance is unchanged despite tweaking the tails a bit. So why not see more of a move in the midpoint of that range? Thanks.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. I think basically the ranges would allow us to calculate out to the range of the efficiency ratio based upon the mix of revenue and expense, feel very comfortable with the range that we provided across all those categories. We did tighten them somewhat significantly in this guidance. But basically, within those ranges, those are the efficiency ratios that we feel comfortable with.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. So, not meaningful enough really to move the midpoint?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. I think that's the way to think about it. I mean, we likely were this tight in the range when you think about prior guidance.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. Got it. Okay. And then separately, on the betas, I know that part of that jump up in the beta cumulatively this quarter was from the CD program. How do you think about next quarter? And I know you are indicating you're expecting an incremental beta of about 50% through the back half of the year. How  what do you view your terminal beta as well? At what point do you think  or at what level do you see the terminal getting to?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So, the 50% for 2018, feel very comfortable with that. That actually might be a little bit high but I would say not materially. And going forward, we continue to think that we're going to be continuing to see deposit betas increase. I'm just not sure at this point in the cycle as we think about the rate increases that are coming that we're going to see materially different performance when you think about incremental 50% in 2019 based upon the rate increases that we see coming through.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ricky Dodds - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey, guys. It's actually Ricky Dodds from Matt's team.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hey Ricky.
Ricky Dodds - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Just wanted to touch on loan growth. You saw some good strong growth in the commercial book. And I'm wondering if you could sort of flesh that out a little bit more, just what are customers saying? Is there an uptick in investment spend and just your general sense as to the climate out there among corporate clients?
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. Ricky, this is Dan. I would say that we still have a strong pipeline. I think our customer base, overall, is fairly optimistic. I think what you saw this quarter, we had good diversification in the various categories. If you recall, last year, corporate banking, they had big headwinds with bond issues taking out loans. I think that phenomenon has really led up and we're gaining some traction in the large corporate space. Some of our specialty businesses have had good results. Our energy book, which  our E&P book had always been very modest. It still is of a modest size, so we've had some good growth there because we like the structure and the pricing. Middle market has seen good growth. So, it's broad and it's diversified. And so, still very positive. Some headwinds out there, we believe, from the trade talk. While I don't think its impacted customers outlook yet that is something we're keeping an eye on.
Ricky Dodds - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. And maybe just a follow-up on the boat, RV lending piece. Obviously, you've seen some pretty nice pick-up there. Just wondering how big can that become over time. And do you guys have sort of a limit on capital as to how big that can grow in the out years?
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. So, given the size of the portfolio, we started very small, so there is room for growth, but we have established a concentration limit. And so, we like the business but the growth is going to be controlled. We're now in 34 states. I don't see that growing in the near-term. But when you look at what we're originating, very high FICO. The customer profile remains very strong. And so, we do have room to grow, but we have capped that growth internally.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Good morning.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Morning, Ken.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Can you just elaborate a little bit, the change that you guys have made to make your balance sheet a little more asset sensitive, I guess, can you just walk through the decision process? Why make that decision now versus a quarter or two quarters ago? Thanks.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So, Ken, we analyze the situation weekly. We spend a lot of time in ALCO, sub-ALCO, a lot of committees taking a look at the position, looking at different options that we can take. We basically made the call on the CD strategy in the first quarter because we became more convinced that we were going to see rates rise from here, more probable than what we might have thought in 2017, and started to put those deposits on, as I mentioned, because we also saw the loan growth coming at us. In terms of what we did with the debt swaps, we did contemplate taking those off earlier to become more asset-sensitive. We were doing other things along the way to become more asset-sensitive. In general, we feel pretty comfortable with where we are. We're about 6% and that's a 200-basis-point ramp. So we don't want to get ahead of the situation. We don't want to fall behind the situation but we feel very comfortable with where we are.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay. Understood. And then, my follow-up, in terms of capital return obviously, in my view, I think you're demonstrating your willingness to be more aggressive or as aggressive as you can be in terms of returning capital. Would you consider sort of a mid-year resubmission to ask for more capital return or given the environment and kind of given your capital ratios, are you completely comfortable sort of where you're at with this  with the current $1 billion authorization? Thanks.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So, we're targeting at 9% to 10% CET1. We have had better asset growth relative to what we submitted in the CCAR plan. So, on a risk-weighted asset basis, we're a little bit higher than what we expected but still very comfortable and very  I would say higher in that 9% to 10% range. I think we just have to continue to see how the economy progresses. I think we have to see what happens with the interest rate environment and make that decision as we take the various factors into consideration. We do think that our 9% to 10% CET1 target positions us well relative to the peer group. We do see the peer group bringing CET1 levels down. So we have to take all those things into consideration when we decide if we'll do that kind of in a midyear process.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: There's also Federal Reserve action, Ken, that's expected as a result of the recent legislation for banks our size. And the timetable for that's not clear but it's intended to be within 18 months. Hopefully it's sooner and that'll give us some guidance.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill. Please proceed with your question.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Morning, guys.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hey, Scott.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hey, Scott.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hey. Mac, maybe I was hoping you could expand a little on your thoughts on the competitive dynamics in both the auto and marine, RV businesses. I mean you guys have clearly had some success raising prices in both. And I guess just as I look at them, auto, you've had some larger players sort of deemphasizing that business, which presumably is good for you guys, but then marine, RV maybe some newer entrants getting in. So, just hoping you could update your thoughts on how the competitive dynamic is in each of those businesses.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So, I'll start and maybe Steve or Dan want to add to it, but I think in the auto space, we're very well positioned with our customers who are the auto dealers. I mean we've been in this space for over 60 years. We provide a high level of service when you think about the response time, when you think about same-day funding. We do some things that other banks just don't do. And I think that really puts us in a very strong relationship position with those dealers. We're not changing our risk appetite as it relates to this business, we're super fine. And we do think that we can optimize the balance sheet, optimize revenue by increasing pricing in the indirect auto space and that's what we've been doing to the point where we don't need a securitization this year in order to stay our limits. So, we think that's just smart balance sheet and capital optimization. And we believe that we've got the pricing power and the relationships to be able to do that in the indirect auto space. But marine and RV, there really are six major players nationally in that business. It's probably not as dependent on technology as the indirect auto space might be. But again it comes down to the relationships that you have and be in there to be able to service those dealers. It's a space where we're going to continue to make investments and we'll likely bring some additional technology into that space, but we feel that just given our market share and given our position, we do have some pricing power. And part of it also is the level of customer service that we provide that allows the actions to take place.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: All right. Perfect. Thanks. And then can I have just one sort of piggyback question on the margin guidance. So, when you talk about the GAAP margins being up a couple basis points versus the 2017 number. Are you using the 330 basis points (41:14) FTE margin for full-year 2017 or are you not including the FTE adjustment?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: We always use the FTE.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. Sorry. I figured as much, but just want to make sure...
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. Good question. Good question.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Okay. Perfect. Thank you, guys, very much.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Scott. Op: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, good morning, everybody.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hey, Steve.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: On the deposit side, what was the term and cost of the CDs that you guys added in the quarter? And is that strategy of building these out continuing in the third quarter?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yes. So we're basically somewhere between 19 and 26 months, and the rates between 2.20% and 2.50% (42:10) is the way to think about it. We are continuing with the campaign and the activity. And I would say we've been averaging about $600 million a month in production pretty consistently.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. I'm curious, is this (42:31) optimism has been really strong in your footprint, but regarding the uncertainty around tariffs, is this impacting your commercial loan pipelines at all? What are you hearing from your customers on that front?
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. So, I would say at this point, it is not impacting the pipelines, but obviously we'll have to watch the pull-through rate, and if sentiment changes, the longer this goes on. Right now, as I mentioned before, I think our customer base, they're monitoring the situation, they're cautionary, but still going ahead with plans that they've had in place for investment. So we haven't seen the impact at this point. I think the outlook still remains pretty positive.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks for taking my questions.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hey, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Just back on deposits, can you touch a little bit up on the consumer deposit growth for the quarter? I guess, one of the numbers that stood out was the non-interest bearing demand growth and curious what drove that? And if you could maybe tie that into the customer acquisition and reduced attrition comment that you talked about in your longer term plans?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Sure, Jon. So, I think we continue to be, I think, advantaged and strong in terms of household acquisition on the consumer side. There is some seasonality in the second quarter that actually worked against us but we continue to have good new account origination. I think that's a big driver of it. And I think also, being able to get deeper into the FirstMerit book of business has been helpful as well. But we haven't published statistics around OCR and some of the household acquisition that we've seen for a while but we continue to see good growth and good household acquisition.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Okay. Good. And then, to Steve, one for you, the labor shortage comment. That seems to come up every quarter but maybe it seems a little bit more acute from the tone of your voice when you talked about it this quarter. Would you say is it a bigger problem for you and does that concern you longer term?
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: I do think it's a restraining factor in terms of the economic potential in our footprint. It was surprising to me to see our jobs availability being higher than every other region of the country, Jon. And so that underlying strength and the potential makes me bullish long-term, but clearly, it's holding us back at some level.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Brian Klock with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Please proceed with your question.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hey, Brian.
Brian Klock - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Hey. Good morning, gentlemen. So Mac, I just want to have a follow-up question really quickly, and I'm sorry if I missed it earlier, but for the full-year revenue guidance, do you now include a September hike in further  for the back half of the year?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: We do. Yes, we do have a September hike in the back half of the year.
Brian Klock - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay. And just really on the deposit beta, so the 50% would be your deposit beta for the full-year 2018. So, the expectation is that there will be another ramp in the back half of the year with that September hike that would be higher than the second quarter?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: That is the way we would model. We're expecting the 50% to be for the full-year.
Brian Klock - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Okay.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: And we think we're probably 40%, 43%, something in that range kind of where we sit today.
Brian Klock - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Got you. But obviously, the NIM expansion is going to come from the earning asset side of this, they're getting the benefit from that rolling through for the second half of the year.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: That's correct.
Brian Klock - Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.: Got it. Thanks for your time.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Steve Steinour for closing remarks.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: We are clearly building long-term shareholder value with this top quartile financial performance, combined with strong risk management and our execution of our strategies. And then we had a strong first half for the year, good growth, clean credit, high-quality earnings, and we believe we're well positioned for the remainder of the year and beyond. So, finally, I'd always like to include a reminder that there's a high level of alignment between the board, management and our colleagues and shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively the seventh largest shareholder of Huntington and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington today. We appreciate you joining us and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth - Director of Investor Relations Steve Steinour - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mac McCullough - Chief Financial Officer Dan Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill and Partners Sam Ross - Evercore ISI Steven Alexopoulos - J.P. Morgan Ricky Dodds - Deutsche Bank Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities Brock Vandervliet - UBS Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets Terry McEvoy - Stephens Inc
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Melissa. Welcome. Im Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our Web site, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, will also be participating in the Q&A portion of todays call. As noted on Slide 2, todays discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to the slides and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now Im turning it over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Mark. And thank you to everyone for joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. We had a solid first quarter and entered 2018 with momentum. We reported net income of $326 million and earnings per share of $0.28, up 65% from the year ago quarter. Return on common equity was 13% and return on tangible common equity was 17.5%. Average loans increased 9% annualized versus the fourth quarter 2017, driven by disciplined broad-based growth in both commercial and consumer loans. Were pleased with our first quarter efficiency ratio of 57%, driven by 3% year-over-year revenue growth and expense discipline. The franchise continues to perform well on many fronts as a result of focused execution and the realized economics of the FirstMerit deal. As previously outlined on Slide 3, we developed Huntington strategies with a vision of creating a high performing regional bank and delivering top quartile trough the cycle shareholder returns. We prudently allocate our capital to ensure were earning adequate returns and taking appropriate risk. We also continued to make meaningful long-term investments in our businesses, particularly around customer experience to drive organic growth. Were very pleased with how we're positioned with the sustainable competitive advantages we've created. And Slide 4 illustrates our long-term financial goals, which were approved by the Board in the fall of 2014 as part of our strategic planning process. These goals were originally set with a five year time horizon in mind and we fully expect to achieve these goals this year on both a reported GAAP basis and an adjusted non-GAAP basis. Now our first quarter efficiency ratio was near the low end of our long-term goal as a result of the successful integration of FirstMerit, our expense discipline and focus on revenue growth. Charge-offs remain below our long term expectation. Our 17.5% return on tangible common equity positions Huntington as a top performing regional bank. And these peer leading results demonstrate that our strategies are working and will continue to drive Huntington forward. We're pleased with our first quarter performance against all of these metrics. Also, Id like to take this opportunity to remind you of the considerable improvement in our financial performance since 2014 when we introduced these goals. So in the first quarter of 2014, our return on tangible common was 11.3% and our efficiency ratio was 66.4%. So through our disciplined execution over the years, weve elevated Huntington from the middle of the peer group to peer leading financial performance, driving a greater than 600 basis point improvement in ROTCE and almost 1,000 basis point improvement in the efficiency ratio alone. Let's now turn to Slide 5 to review 2018 expectations and discuss the current economic and competitive environment in our markets. We remain optimistic on the outlook for the local economies across our eight states footprint. And as we've noted previously, our footprint has outperformed rest of the nation during the economic recovery that began in mid-2009. Unemployment rates across the majority of our footprint remain near historical lows. The labor market in our footprint has proven to be strong with several markets such as Columbus, Indianapolis and Grand Rapids, where we see meaningful labor shortages given metro unemployment rates, which are well below national averages. Philadelphia Feds state leading indicator indices for our footprint point toward a favorable economic operating environment in 2018, most of the states are expected to see an acceleration in economic activity over the next six months. Four of our states, including Ohio, are expected to grow significantly faster than the nation as a whole. As a result of federal tax reform, we expect continued business investment and expansion. We are seeing an increased capital expenditure. It's important to remember that our commercial focus is primarily privately held businesses and these companies are likely to reinvest tax benefits into their businesses to fund growth. As in aside Site Selection Magazines Governors Cup for Capital Investments and New Jobs created in 2017 support our expectations, five of the eight states placed -- five of our eight states placed in the top 10 of the nations for total qualified new projects with Ohio earning the number two spot overall. These rankings and leading indicators confirm our optimism. But importantly, our loan pipelines remain solid across all footprints. And as we get out and as I talk to different business owners, and I can confirm this is a wide spread level of optimism. In fact, if anything were being held back by labor supply shortages. Were clearly seeing impacts in construction and other businesses where they just can't get enough labor. And as a consequence, were starting to see labor inflation, but were also seeing businesses now that are working on next year's pipelines of activity. So backlogs are looking good in many of our businesses, manufacturing, construction are two examples. And were feeling very good on the whole about this year and stress going into next. And so while the growth trends will likely not be linear, we remain optimistic with our full year outlook. We expect full year average loan growth in the range of 4% to 6% inclusive of $500 million auto loan securitization in the back half of the year. Full year average deposit growth is expected to be 3% to 5%, and you know for internal forecasts and the guidance purposes. We continue to assume no additional interest rate changes consistent with our approach over the last few years. And while it appears likely that the fed might act again this year, it served us well to take a more conservative approach in our forecasting process. We expect full year revenue growth of 4% to 6%. We are projecting the GAAP NIM for the full year to be flat and the core NIM to be up modestly in 2018. On the expense side, we are expecting a 2% to 4% decrease from the 2017 GAAP non-interest expense of $2.7 billion. Our expectations include improvement in the efficiency ratio to a range of 55% to 57%, as well as we are targeting positive operating leverage for the sixth consecutive year. We anticipate net charge-offs will remain below our long-term goal 35 to 55 basis points. And importantly, weve lowered our expectation for the effective tax rate to the 15.5% to 16.5% range. The range is fully reflective of federal tax reform. Now looking beyond 2018. We recently began a new three-year strategic planning process. Our pass-through strategic plan significantly advance the Company's financial performance and competitive positioning. To continue this momentum, our initial areas of focus for the 2018 strategic planning process, are number one; top line revenue growth; two, capital optimization; and three, business model evolution incorporating expected disruption. As we stated previously, an important outcome of the strategic planning process will be new long-term financial goals for the Company, and we expect to be in a position to communicate those later in the year. So with that, let me now turn it over to Mac for an overview of the financials. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks Steve. Slide 6 provides the highlights of the first quarter. As Steve mentioned, we had a good first quarter, but also a clean quarter as there were no significant items. We reported earnings per common share of $0.28 for the first quarter, up 65% over the year ago quarter. The year ago quarter included $0.04 per share reduction due to significant items related to the FirstMerit integration. Return on assets was 1.27%, return on common equity was 13% and return on tangible common equity was 17.5%. We believe all three of these metrics distinguish Huntington among our regional bank peers. Our efficiency ratio for the quarter was 56.8%. Tangible book value per share increased 2% sequentially and 9% year-over-year. During the first quarter, we repurchased $48 million of common stock, representing 3 million shares at an average cost of $15.83 per share. This completed the $308 million buyback authorization under a 2017 CCAR plan. Turning to Slide 7. Total revenue was up 3% from the year ago quarter. Net interest income was up 5% year-over-year due to a 5% increase in average earning assets while the net interest margin was unchanged. Non-interest income increased 1% year-over-year with increases in capital market fees, card and payment processing revenue and trust and investment management fees, partially offset by lower mortgage banking income and a reduction in gains on the sale of loans, primarily related to the sale of an equipment finance loan in the year ago quarter. While both mortgage and SBA originations were higher year-over-year, compression in secondary market spreads in mortgage banking and the timing of SBA loans sales resulted in year-over-year declines in these fee categories. FirstMerit related revenue enhancement opportunities remain on track to deliver over $100 million of revenue in 2018 with an efficiency ratio below 50%. As we stated before, these projections are included in our 2018 guidance. Non-interest expense decreased 10% year-over-year due entirely to $73 million of significant items expensed in year ago quarter related to the integration of FirstMerit versus no significant items expensed in the current quarter. Expenses were flat versus prior quarter. It should be noted that expenses are historically higher in the second quarter, primarily driven by the timing of compensation associated with long-term incentives and seasonally higher marketing expense, which combined could add up to $20 million compared to the first quarter. However, these are just timing differences, and as Steve mentioned earlier, we remain comfortable with full year guidance, including full year expectations for non-interest expense per analyst estimate. For a closer look at the income statement details, please refer to the analyst pack and press release. Turning to Slide 8. Average earning assets grew 5% from the first quarter of 2017. This increase was driven by 5% increase in average loans and leases and 3% increase in average securities. The increase in average securities primarily reflected an increase in direct purchase instruments in our commercial banking segment. Average C&I loans increased 1% year-over-year with growth centered in middle market banking. On a linked quarter basis, average C&I loans increased 3% or 12% annualized with broad-based growth in specialty, corporate and middle market banking. Average commercial real estate loans were flat year-over-year as we have conservatively tightened CRE lending, specifically in multi-family, retail and construction to remain consistent with our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite and to ensure appropriate returns on capital. Average auto loans increased 9% year-over-year as a result of consistent and disciplined loan production. Originations totaled $1.4 billion for the first quarter of 2018, up 1% year-over-year. Average new money yields on our auto originations were 3.86% in the first quarter, up from 3.52% in the prior quarter. Average RV and marine loans increased 32% year-over-year, reflecting the success of our expansion of the business into 17 new states over the past two year. Average residential mortgage loans increased 18% year-over-year, reflecting continued strong demand for mortgages across our footprint, as well as the benefit of our ongoing investment in former FirstMerit geographies, particularly Chicago. As typical, we sold the agency qualified mortgage production in the quarter and retained jumbo mortgages and specialty mortgage products. Turning attention to the chart on the right side of slide. Average total deposits increased 1% from the year-ago quarter, including 3% increase in average core deposits. In the first quarter, we began to see customer migration into higher yielding deposit products such as CDs and money market accounts. Moving to Slide 9. Our net interest margin was 3.30% for the first quarter, unchanged from both year ago and linked quarter. Purchase accounting accretion contributed 8 basis points to the net interest margin in the first quarter, down from 10 basis points in the prior quarter and 16 basis points in the year ago quarter. After adjusting for purchase accounting accretion in all quarters, the core NIM was 322 compared to 320 in the prior quarter and 314 in the first quarter of 2017. Growth in core NIM over the past year has more than offset the benefit in purchase accounting accretion. Slide 29 in the appendix provides information regarding the scheduled impact of FirstMerit purchase accounting for 2018 and 2019. Our deposit cost remained well contained as consumer core deposits were up 5 basis points year-over-year and commercial core deposits were up 18 basis points. With the market outlook for continued rate hikes and increasing deposit competition, we locked in fixed-rate term deposits and selectively increased rates to grow and retain core relationships, providing better economics for the bank relative to the cost of wholesale funding. On the earnings asset side, our commercial loan yields increased 36 basis points year-over-year, while consumer loan yields increased 11 basis points. On a linked quarter basis, commercial loan yields increased 14 basis points while consumer loan yields increased 3 basis points. Moving to Slide 10. Our cycle to-date deposit beta remains low at 17% through the first quarter of 2018, and roughly in line with the average of our peers that have reported so far. As we told you last quarter, we are seeing increased deposit competition as competitors conduct various product and pricing tests across our footprint. As a result, we anticipate a continued increase in deposit betas this year, driven by both mix and cost. Assuming two additional rate increases in 2018, our current forecast assumes the deposit beta of approximately 50% for calendar year 2018 with a higher proportion of incremental deposit growth coming in from higher cost of products, including money markets and CDs. Slide 11 illustrates the continued strength of our capital ratios. During the first quarter, we converted 363 million of high cost Series A preferred equity into common shares, and subsequently issued 500 million of attractively priced Series E preferred equity, improving our capital ratios. Note that the first quarter preferred dividend expense that that include any dividend on the new Series E due to the issuance timing. Therefore, the total second quarter preferred dividend expense will be approximately $21 million or $3 million higher than the future quarterly run rate of approximately $18 million to account for the partial quarters Series E dividend. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.70%, up 42 basis points year-over-year. Common equity Tier 1 or CET 1 ended the quarter at 10.49% or 75 basis points year-over-year and above our 9% to 10% operating guideline. We believe our earnings power capital generation and risk management discipline will support a higher dividend payout ratio over time. As we have previously stated, our capital priorities are first organic growth, second support the dividend, and third everything else, including buybacks. With respect to this years CCAR, we have a unique opportunity as a result of the two preferred transactions, which pushed CET 1 above the high-end of our operating guideline of 9% to 10%. Moving to Slide 12. Credit quality remains strong in the quarter. Consistent prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntingtons core principles. And our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined approach to risk management and our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. We booked provision expense of $68 million in the first quarter compared to net charge-offs of $38 million. The level of provision expense in the quarter reflected the strong commercial loan originations, as well as continued migration of the acquired FirstMerit portfolio into the originated portfolio. Net charge-offs represent an annualized 21 basis points of average loans and leases, which remain below our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points. Net charge-offs were down 3 basis points from the prior quarter and the year ago quarter. CRE had net recoveries again this quarter, driven by one large relationship. As usual, there is additional granularity on charge-offs by portfolio in the analyst package in the slides. The allowance for loan and lease losses as a percentage of loans increased 2 basis points linked-quarter to 1.01%, and coverage of non-accrual loans was 188%. Turning to Slide 13. Non-performing assets increased $31 million or 8% linked-quarter. The NPA ratio increased 4 basis points sequentially to 59 basis points. The criticized asset ratio increased 7 basis points from 3.53% to 3.60%. Our 90-day plus delinquencies declined 2 basis points. NPA inflows increased 6 basis points. Overall, asset quality metrics remain cyclical lows and some quarterly volatility is expected given the adequate low level of problem loans. Turning to Slide 14. We highlight Huntingtons strong position to execute on our strategy and provide consistent through-the-cycle shareholder returns. The graph on the top left quadrant represents our continued growth in pretax, pre-provision net revenue as a result of the focused execution of our core strategies. The strong level of capital generation positions us well to fund organic growth and return capital to our shareholders, consistent with our capital priorities. The top right chart highlights the well-balanced mix of our loan and deposit portfolios. We are both a consumer and commercial bank, and believe that the diversification of the balance sheet will serve us well over the cycle. We were pleased with the 2017 DFAST and CCAR results, which provide an instant quarterly industry comparison. The results illustrate our strong enterprise risk management and our discipline to operate within our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. Our DFAST stress test results are highlighted in the bottom left. Finally, the bottom right demonstrates Huntingtons strong capital position. As we return to the key messages on Slide 15, let me turn the presentation back over to Mark for Q&A.
Mark Muth: We will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, well be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill and Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: First question, Steve maybe for you, I just wanted to talk about the outlook that you guys have always been extraordinarily conservative on the rate outlook. It looks like its going to come in more accommodative than is embedded in your outlook for no rate increases. So in a sense that difference end up becoming kind of found money. So I guess if we were to get another hike or two, what is at a top level the plan? If you allow that similarly to drop to the bottom line or do you think about maybe reinvesting accelerating some costs, may be being even more aggressive on taking deposit market share, et cetera. What would be your thinking at the top level?
Steve Steinour: We budget, we plan for no rate increases, but we obviously run scenarios around it. Mac shared that with, Scott, on the call in terms of deposit betas. We do think this environment is one thats conducive to us growing organically in a meaningful way. Pleased with the first quarter and we closed with good pipelines as we come into the second quarter. So we would expect the organic growth to continue. And in that construct look to continue to grow both the deposit and lump side, were very focused on the fee side of the quarter and what we can do prospectively on that front as well. We had good SBA activity, for example, but we ended up seeing a lot more of a construction nature than weve had before. So its a sign of capital investment. There is a belief that by operating in this more conservative fashion, well be a little more agile as we move forward with the benefit of rate increases. Anything you want to add, Mac?
Mac McCullough: Scott the way to think about it is a 25 basis point increase in rates on an annual basis is about $25 million in margin on an annual basis. So that obviously says a lot of assumptions around what we're expecting from the deposit betas and competition in the marketplace. And of course the lapping yield curve has not been conducive to that either. So were a little bit cautious as we move through this. We do think there will be opportunities from increasing rates, but at the same time, weve never focused on growing core deposits. We had great core deposit growth year-over-year at about 3%, and we aim to continue to do that.
Scott Siefers: And I guess what I was getting at it, let's say, you get that some portion of the $25 million, you just let that drop straight to the bottom line use that as an opportunity to maybe spend a little more than you would have anticipated? Just given the disconnect between how youre likely to pan out in terms of rate moves versus what you guys are forecasting in the guidance?
Steve Steinour: Scott, we have significant investment built into the 2018 budget already. So clearly, we will be opportunistic as we think about what might happen from a rate increase perspective. And I would expect that majority of that would drop to the bottom line, but well selectively think to look at the investment opportunities on the digital front and in particular in customer experience and our colleagues.
Scott Siefers: And then just maybe one follow-up. What was it that lapping you guys to improve the tax rate guide just a little bit. I mean I know its not huge, but just curious your thoughts.
Steve Steinour: What it really came down to Scott is wed like to give you ranges that are meaningful in terms of actually being able to achieve and fall within the range. And the fact of the matter is 17% would just be fine. So thats why we felt 15.5% to 16.5% was a better range for us to consider going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Sam Ross: This is actually Sam Ross on for John this morning. I just had a question about the ROTC guidance. I appreciate the fact you guys are currently reviewing your three year plan. I am just wondering given the fact where your 1Q ROTC came in. What do you guys thinking is an appropriate level for 2018 for you guys to operate in?
Mac McCullough: So I would expect to be in that range. I mean, were in the process of going through the long-term strategic plan. Were going to come out later this year with our new expectations for all those metrics. It's really important to keep in mind that we're going to operate within an aggregate moderate to low risk appetite, and a 17.5% ROTCE with an aggregate moderate to low risk appetite is pretty good in our estimation. So I wouldnt expect that you're going to see significant change within that goal going forward, but well go through the strategic planning process and well let you know later this year.
Sam Ross: And then just looking at the balance sheet. In terms of the non-interest bearing deposits, I know you guys touched up on it in your prepared remarks about a mix shift that you guys are seeing into more higher interest rate products. I am just wondering was there anything outside of seasonality, you can maybe provide a little bit more color on if the sizeable decline in non-interest bearing deposits, I think that would be helpful. Thanks.
Mac McCullough: I think whats happening, Sam, as you're seeing our commercial customers in particular being much more sensitive in terms of what's happening in the rate environment. And we're seeing them move balances from non-interest bearing into interest bearing, which I think you would expect in this environment. So that would be an additional factor on top of seasonality.
Sam Ross: And would you expect that dynamic to continue into 2018 or what do we think about in terms of that?
Mac McCullough: At some point, they complete the movement that they want to make from one category to the other. Clearly, as rates continued to increase, were going to have commercial customers ask for some sharing of rates. But I think the mix shift should probably slowdown as we move forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Josh on for Ken. Average wholesale funding showed a large sequential increase this quarter. Do you think there's potential to remix these wholesale sources into deposits, and then how youre thinking about funding the loan growth going forward?
Mac McCullough: So we are actively thinking about what we need to do from a deposit rate perspective to bring wholesale funding down, particularly the overnight category. When we think about what we do on the commercial customer deposit pricing, we think about what rate we would provide to them relative to cost of growth overnight funding or across wholesale funding. So I would expect that youre going to see that continue to come down over time, and it should be an opportunity for us as we think about just the trade off and the rate improvement when we move the commercial deposits. So I think if you take a look at in the period, in particular youll see this already down significantly thatd be in the overnight funding. And then going forward, we are focused on core deposit growth. Like Ive mentioned in my comments, we grew 3% in core deposits year-over-year, which I think is a pretty good showing relative to our peers in the industry. We've had a lot of success with CD products and we were looking at some money market opportunities as well. So I think core deposit funding will be the primary way were going to fund going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: And we've heard from some of your peers that theyre seeing a pretty benefit from the rollover of their swap portfolios. Could you just speak to what you're seeing in regards to this?
Mac McCullough: So at this point, all of our asset swaps are off at this point. We have no assets swaps on. The last asset swap rolled out in the first quarter. We evaluate some of the debt swaps we have inside the time, and that represent an opportunity for us, but have not taken any action there as of yet. Josh does that answers your question.
Unidentified Analyst: I was actually referring more to the rolling over the spreads, so better new money spreads versus what's rolling off as that liability side swap portfolio rolls.
Mac McCullough: Clearly, we probably do have opportunities there. I dont think it would be large in the scheme of things for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Alexopoulos: I want to start first on the loan growth. You guys have really solid C&I loan growth in the quarter. And Steve, youre very optimistic in regard to business confidence, the economic strength of the footprint. As you look at the pipeline, could the high single digit growth you put up this quarter on average loans continue in the second quarter or is that really just an anomaly the way you look at it?
Steve Steinour: The pipeline that we came into the year with was very strong. We had a surge in activity late in the year. So first quarter was very, very good with the carryover pipeline. As we come into the second quarter, we also have a sound pipeline across all the segments all of our businesses. And so there is an underlying sense of economic activity that were able to participate in through our customers that we would expect to carry forward with the year. We clearly are seeing more CapEx related investments than we have in quite a few years at this stage Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: So is that why the average was so strong in the quarter as your customers spending, I mean the line utilization increase in the quarter?
Dan Neumeyer: Our line utilization was off just a tick, so that really didn't benefit all that much. I do think weve seen more of an evening out of where the growth is coming from. Core middle market has been good. I think we are not seeing the impact we saw last year in the large corporate space. I think were actually seeing a bit of a pickup there and then some of the [indiscernible] as well. So its good broad based contribution. And as Steve said, the pipeline remains fairly strong.
Steven Alexopoulos: And then for my other question, I want to follow-up on the commentary around digital initiatives and what youre doing on the customer experience side. What the expected spend on technology this year and how does that compared to last year? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Steven, we don't disclose the spend on technology. I will say that its up year-over-year in terms of what we're investing in technology development. And I would also tell you that the portion of that allocates to digital is up significantly year-over-year.
Steven Alexopoulos: It is up significantly year-over-year, is that what you said?
Mac McCullough: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your questions.
Ricky Dodds: This is actually Ricky Dodds for Matt. I just wanted to hear your thoughts on or is there a build going forward. Weve seen a number of your peers have large reserve releases this quarter. Just wondering if you could provide some color for Huntington going forward, I know you have some FirstMerit renewals and you have stronger loan growth. But wondering if you just provide a little more color there?
Steve Steinour: Well, in the quarter clearly with the loan growth that is going to come as additional reserve, so that's a large piece of it. The FirstMerit impact is still there although thats lessening each quarter. And then we did have some modest migration in the credit side and non-accrual loans that also contributed to the build. But as weve said over time, we expect the level of provision to moderate with both loan growth and more normalizing credit performance. Although, we expect the net charge-offs to continue to be below our long term expectation. So as weve said, its low build back up in the reserve but it will be modest and a slow ramp.
Ricky Dodds: And then maybe just a follow-up on loan growth, it was particularly strong and you guys called out the core middle market. I was wondering if you could provide any specific colors on industries or geographies, and maybe outperforming our verticals, just wondering if you add any color there.
Steve Steinour: Well, I think obviously in our heavy manufacturing market rates, in particular we're seeing strong demand there. But throughout our region, we have many areas that are involved in manufacturing. Chicago continues to be a strong growth market and that is far more diversified. I would say really most industries that we're looking at, I would say would have a positive outlook manufacturing wholesale, et cetera. And so really pretty good reads from all of our customers across most industries.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please proceed with your question.
Marty Mosby: I wanted to ask, the only weakness really on the revenue side was in two categories, loan sale gains and mortgage banking. I was curious in a sense of -- I know you had some balance sheet optimization coming out of the merger. So I was trying to figure out was the $15 million to $18 million that and now we're back down to $8 million to $10 million of loan sale. And then is mortgage banking seasonal, have you seen any pick up or improvement in pricing as well as originations for the second quarter in that fee line item?
Mac McCullough: So on the loan sale question, I would tell you that a lot of in this timing of SBA in the first quarter. So originations are actually up year-over-year. So good continued progress there, particularly as we move into Chicago and Wisconsin. So I view this as really a timing issue on the most part. In the first quarter of last year, we did have a large equipment sale that contributed at the first quarter. And those are lumpy, as you know, so that again is a timing issue. On the mortgage origination side, again volumes were up but favorable spreads are down. And a lot of the origination pickup has come from the FirstMerit expansion into Chicago and Wisconsin. And I would also tell you getting stronger in some of the core markets, primarily on the FirstMerit side. So were pleased with what were seeing from origination perspective. But again, the sale of spread being down thats impacted the fee line.
Marty Mosby: And then purchase accounting accretion is one of those things that is forced upon us, but has been having some impacts when you start looking at just how the market views your earnings. Now that we got a year to look back, you cut your first accounting accretion in half, but held your margin flat and actually grown net interest income. Do you feel like -- with the guidance, it seems like youre feeling very comfortable but as that headwind comes slows down that the balance sheet growth and then the core margin expansion would actually begin to really pick up some pace relative to whatever loss you might have in purchase account accretion?
Steve Steinour: I am very pleased with what we are seeing in the core margin. Weve increased a few basis points per quarter since the first quarter of 2017, and we expect that to continue in 2018 as well. So right now, the guidance were giving is flat to reported margin as we continue to burn off the purchase accounting accretion. Could it be a little bit better, it might be. It just depends on where deposit pricing goes and what its going to take to fund the balance sheet. But very really pleased with how we come through the runoff in purchase accounting. And I think it really is disciplined pricing on both the asset and the liability side thats allowed us to do that.
Marty Mosby: And then just the last thing, if you look at flat fed funds from here, but your core margin is still improving. Is that just like -- I think you highlighted the fact that the market rates are higher than the portfolio, both in securities and loans. So rounding up those yields just with stagnant rates where theyre at right now is a very possible and reasonable outcome?
Steve Steinour: Yes, I would agree with that. As we look at new money rates, they are generally higher than whats in the portfolio. We still have some purchase accounting impact that were swimming through there. But again, were very disciplined in how think about pricing, the asset side of the balance sheet. And even in a flat environment, were going to continue to see new money come on at higher rates in the portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Winter: You guys talked about the seasonal increase in expense in the second quarter. Im just wondering would that be offset with a seasonal increase on the revenue side and so therefore, maybe the efficiency ratio should be at least steady in the second quarter?
Mac McCullough: So typically, we do see a seasonal increase in revenue in the second quarter. The two are disconnected of course, because the increase in expense has primarily to do with just the timing long-term equity compensation, as well as seasonal marketing, which typically is higher in the second and third quarters and then declines in the fourth quarter. So based on that, it wouldnt surprise me if the efficiency ratio stayed in the same level, because we do see seasonality in revenue to the up side in the second quarter.
Peter Winter: And then second separate question, its minor but there was that uptick in non-performing assets. And I understand theres volatility at the bottom. But could you just give us a little bit of color on the increase in NPAs this quarter?
Dan Neumeyer: So not industry driven, we have from time-to-time when youre down at very low levels of NPAs any couple of credits can move that we had three credits in the quarter in unrelated in industries. So no trends that were overly concerned about. It was really idiosyncratic events, particularly to those three individual credits.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brock Vandervliet with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Brock Vandervliet: I just want to circle back on the comment on deposit betas. It would seem like you may just be being conservative with 50% deposit beta thats clearly not visible in the numbers at the moment. Are you seeing -- is this caution on the commercial side? You noted the change in potential changing category thats driving some of that commentary.
Mac McCullough: So the 50% reference would be to any rate increases in 2018. So that might be a little conservative as we think about it. But again, were very focused on growing core deposits. If you take a look at across our region and who we compete with, we think its very rational. We see whats happening and there is lots of testing from a pricing and product perspective. Were doing the same thing. But clearly, I think its a good assumption for us to think about for 2018 just given the environment and the desire for us to continue to grow.
Brock Vandervliet: And separately marine and RV. Clearly, growing very rapidly as thats been a new initiative for you. How large is that likely to become given that we are late in the cycle?
Dan Neumeyer: Well, we do see growth opportunity out there. And we feel very comfortable because the quality of the borrowers that were originating credit for is really in the super prime range. So I think given the fact that weve expanded our markets, there is a big universe out there. The competition is not as robust as in say indirect auto. But were originating at 90 plus FICOs for bid price both in RVs with folks with demonstrative liquidity, all these deals are individually underwritten. So we believe that there is potential out there for high quality assets. We have established a concentration limit so our growth will be moderated by that limit. But we have plenty of run way that we think will serve us well as we develop that business further.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstromwith RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom: Just following up on Brocks question, I hate to go back to deposit beta again. But basically, what youre saying is at this point you're performing just like everybody else in the mid-teens. But going forward from here, you expect the pressure to step up. That's all youre saying. Is that right?
Mac McCullough: Jon, I think were building that into the way were thinking about the forecast. Again, we like to be conservative from a rate outlook perspective. We like to understand whats the revenue environment is going to be. And then from that determine what investments we want to make and how we manage the expense line. So it just keeps us from web selling but the business segments and the colleagues in terms of everyday out there doing their job. So I think thats exactly the way we stated that.
Jon Arfstrom: Related question on the revenue growth guidance is the same at 4% to 6% as the prior quarter but we did get the March increase. It would get a couple more is the mac view of the world that the margin can drift higher?
Mac McCullough: Yes, I think it can. I mean keep in mind that as I mentioned earlier, 25 basis point increase is worth $25 million in the full year basis. Thats about 0.5% growth in revenue. So the 25 basis point increase in March wouldnt cause us to do anything to change our revenue guidance of 4% to 6%. But clearly in a rising rate environment, if we get the increases as might be expected, I would expect the margin to move higher.
Jon Arfstrom: And then if I can just squeeze in one more. Steve, you made a comment on loan growth, you don't expect it to be linear. Just the nuance comment or is there any point you're trying to make on that?
Steve Steinour: No, we just have a really strong first quarter. And while we are in the second quarter with good pipelines across all products just trying to be a bit cautious with -- in the context for the full year, the outlook and optimism we see that weve communicated is abundant throughout the marketplace. So if anything there maybe a little upside.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Terry McEvoy: The consumer auto yields were down about 5 basis points quarter-over-quarter, and thats after trending higher throughout 2017. I believe you changed the credit scoring model early in last year. Were there any tweaks made to that model earlier in the first quarter and what are your thoughts on yields coming down?
Steve Steinour: No tweaks and Terry, its probably purchase accounting related. So were seeing run-off from purchase accounting entries on that book and thats likely whats driving.
Terry McEvoy: And then as a follow-up, maybe question for Dan. A few of your peer banks or national banks have scaled back expectations on CRE growth this year just based on, call it, market competition. What are your thoughts on incremental growth going forward after pretty solid growth here in the first quarter?
Dan Neumeyer: I mean, the CRE can be a bit lumpy, because the various projects can move the needle. So we are continuing to support our core customers. But we've been pretty cautious in making sure that we have lessened our construction exposure recently, as weve noted before been careful on multi-family and retail. But were continuing to originate. Were still seeing good deal flow, and we are choosing those products or projects that are -- where we can get adequate structure and reasonable pricing. So well continue business as usual in the CRE space.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Steve Steinour for closing comments.
Steve Steinour: So thank you very much. We feel very good about where we are. We obviously produce good results in the first quarter. And we're confident about our year, going forward. Our top priority is growing our core businesses and that's continuing. And we think there's more opportunity at hand, certainly throughout the year. We're building long-term shareholder value with top quartile financial performance, and we're maintaining strong risk management with disciplined execution across our strategies. So like the performance and position but feel we have upside opportunities to do better in a number of businesses. So finally, I'd like to include a reminder that there's a high level of alignment between the board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. Collectively, the Board and colleagues are the seventh largest shareholder in Huntington and all of us are appropriately focused on driving sustained, and want to emphasize long-term performance. So thanks for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. And have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes todays [Call ended abruptly].

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-01-23 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth - Director, IR Steve Steinour - Chairman, President and CEO Mac McCullough - CFO Dan Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Ricky Dodds - Deutsche Bank Sam Ross - Evercore ISI Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill & Partners Ken Usdin - Jefferies Peter Winter - Wedbush Securities Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Kevin Reevey - D.A. Davidson Terry McEvoy - Stephens, Inc. Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Melissa. Welcome. Im Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides well be reviewing can be found on the Investor Relations section of our website, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, will also be participating in the Q&A portion of the call. As noted on slide two, todays discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let me now turn it over to Mac for an overview of the financials.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. We are very pleased with our fourth quarter financial performance including record net income for the third consecutive quarter and the accelerated achievement of all five of our long-term financial goals in the quarter. As I turn to slide three to review full year results, please keep in mind that comparisons to 2016 are impacted by the inclusion of FirstMerit, at the acquisition close, during the third quarter of 2016. We reported earnings per common share of $1 for full year 2017, up 43% over 2016. This includes $0.09 per share of significant items related to the FirstMerit acquisition and $0.11 per share of reasonably estimated benefit from federal tax reform. Also including the impact of the significant items, return on assets was 1.17%, return on common on equity was 11.6% and return on common equity was 15.7%. Turning to slide four. We reported earnings per common share of $0.37 for the fourth quarter, up 85% over the year ago quarter. This includes $0.11 per share of reasonably estimated benefit from federal tax reform. Also including the impact of significant items, return on assets was 1.67%, return on common equity was 17% and return on tangible common equity was 22.7%. Our reported efficiency ratio for the quarter was 54.9%. As a reminder, this is the first quarter since the acquisition of FirstMerit that we did not incur merger-related expense, having completed the physical integration of FirstMerit in the third quarter of 2017. Tangible book value per share increased 2% sequentially and 8% year-over-year to $6.97 per share. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased $137 million of common stock, representing 9.8 million shares at an average cost of $14 per share. Turning to slide five. Total revenue was up 4% from the year ago quarter. Net interest income was up 5% year-over-year due to a 3% increase in average earning assets and a 5% basis-point increase in the net interest margin. Noninterest income increased 2% year-over-year on strength in capital markets fees, card and payment processing revenue, and trust and investment management fees, partially offset by a reduction in gains on the sale of loans related to the balance sheet optimization strategy executed in the fourth quarter of 2016. Noninterest expense decreased 7% year-over-year due entirely to $53 million of significant items expense in the fourth quarter of 2016 related to the integration of FirstMerit versus no significant items expense in the fourth quarter of 2017. Excluding the significant items, noninterest expense in the fourth quarter of 2017 grew $5 million or 1% from the year-ago quarter, primarily due to the impact of annual compensation increases. For a closer look at the details behind the calculations, please refer to the reconciliations contained on pages 21 and 22 of the presentation slides or in the release. Slide six illustrates that we delivered positive operating leverage again in 2017. This is an important annual goal for us and we are pleased that we accomplished this for the fifth consecutive year. Turning to slide seven. Average earning assets grew 3% from the fourth quarter of 2016. This increase was driven by an 8% increase in average securities and a 4% year-over-year increase in average loans and leases, which were partially offset by a reduction in held for sale assets due to the balance sheet optimization strategy executed in the fourth quarter of 2016. The increase in average securities reflects the reinvestment of cash flows including the proceeds of the auto securitization in the fourth quarter of 2016 and additional investments and liquidity coverage ratio Level 1 qualifying securities. Average C&I loans decreased 1% year-over-year, primarily reflecting the headwinds in corporate banking, discussed in the first three quarters of 2017. While not impacting average balances materially, the C&I balances ended the quarter on a strong note with a period-end balances up 2.3% or just over 9% annualized versus the prior quarter-end. We saw the bulk of the growth in the final few weeks of the quarter, likely in part resulting from the removal of uncertainty regarding federal tax reform, coupled with a normal late quarter growth in commercial loans that we have experienced for the past few years. Average commercial real estate loans were flat year-over-year as we have strategically tightened CRE lending, specifically in multifamily, retail and construction to remain consistent with our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite and to ensure appropriate returns on capital. Average auto loans increased to 10% year-over-year, with the fourth quarter representing another solid quarter of consistent and disciplined loan production. Originations totaled $1.4 billion for the fourth quarter of 2017, up 9% year-over-year. Average new money yields on our auto originations were 3.52% in the fourth quarter, down from 3.62% in the prior quarter. This decline was primarily driven by the normal seasonal mix shift to new car sales in the fourth quarter. Average RV and marine loans increased 30% year-over-year, reflecting the successful expansion of the business into 17 new states over the past year. Note that the fourth quarter is seasonally the weakest for loan production in this business but this quarters production exceeded the business plan and we remain optimistic for growth in 2018. Average residential mortgage loans increased 15% year-over-year, reflecting continued strong demand for mortgages across our footprint as well as the benefit of our ongoing investments in former FirstMerit geographies, particularly Chicago. As typical, we sold the agency qualified mortgage production in the quarter and retained the jumbo mortgages and specialty mortgage products. On a period-end basis, total loans increased 5% from a year-ago, driven by strength in consumer lending. Turning attention to the chart on the right side of slide seven, average total deposits increased 1% from the year-ago quarter, including a 3% increase in average core deposits. Average demand deposits increased 4% year-over-year. We remain pleased with the trend in core deposits, particularly the increase in low cost DDA. This reflects the addition of FirstMerits low cost deposit base as well as our continuing focus on checking account relationship acquisition. The decline in period-end total deposits from the prior quarter was primarily due to seasonal decreases in government banking and expected fluctuations within our specialty banking deposit relationships. Moving to slide eight. Our net interest margin was 3.30% for the fourth quarter, up 5 basis points from the year-ago quarter. This increase reflects a 23 basis-point increase in earning asset yields and a 7 basis-point increase in the benefit of non-interest bearing funds balanced against, a 25 basis-point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Importantly, our cost of core interest-bearing deposits was only up 12 basis points. On a linked quarter basis, the net interest margin increased by 1 basis point, driven by a 5 basis-point improvement in earning asset yields and a 1 basis point increase in the benefit of non-interest bearing funds, partially offset by a 5 basis-point increase in the cost of interest bearing liabilities. The increase in funding cost was more heavily weighted to wholesale funding as we continue to remain pleased with our ability to successfully lag deposit pricing, especially on core consumer deposits where the rate paid remained flat sequentially. Purchase accounting accretion contributed 10 basis points to the net interest margin in the fourth quarter, down from 12 basis points in the prior quarter. After adjusting for purchase accounting accretion in all quarters, the core NIM was 3.20% in the fourth quarter of 2017, compared to 3.18% in the prior quarter and 3.07% in the fourth quarter of 2016. Growth in core NIM over the past year has more than offset the reduction in the benefit from purchase accounting accretion. As I just mentioned and calling your attention to the orange line at the bottom of the graph on the left, our cost of core consumer deposits was 22 basis points for the fourth quarter. This represents a 4 basis-point increase over the year-ago quarter and was flat sequentially, illustrating the strong core consumer deposit base we enjoy and our ability to successfully lag deposit pricing. We have seen consumer and business banking deposit pricing remain relatively steady in the face of recent fed interest rate hikes with the majority of pricing pressure being limited to government banking, corporate banking and the upper end of commercial middle market. In the quarter, we selectively increased rates to grow and retain core deposit balances on certain corporate relationships, providing better economics for the bank relative to the cost of wholesale funding. On the earning asset side, our commercial loan yields increased 37 basis points year-over-year, while consumer loan yields increased 18 basis points. On a linked-quarter basis, commercial loan yields increased 8 basis points while consumer loan yields decreased 1 basis point, primarily related to the impact of purchase accounting. Security yields were up 6 basis points year-over-year and were up 9 basis points compared to the prior quarter. Moving to slide nine. We expanded the information provided regarding the impact of FirstMerit purchase accounting for 2017 and 2018 at a recent conference and we have updated it here. It is important to note that the purchase accounting accretion estimates on this slide, which are the green bars, are based on current scheduled accretion. And except for what we experienced in 2017, we do not include any accelerated accretion from recapture from early payoffs or extensions in the projected period. As we have stated previously, it has been proven out in our results for past six quarters, in reality, were likely to experience loan extensions and early payoffs resulting in accelerated accretion. Therefore, youre likely to see the accretion revenue schedule for 2018 continue to be put forward as modifications of early payoffs occur. Purchase accounting accretion is currently expected to represent a net interest income headwind of approximately $62 million in 2018 compared to 2017. However, majority of the $62 million decline in purchase accounting revenue is expected to be offset by a $41 million reduction in provision expense related to the acquired FirstMerit loans which is shown in the yellow bars. Importantly, as we think about quality of earnings, looking at the two circled orange bars, the net impact of pretax income from purchase accounting was approximately $13 million in 2017 and is currently expected to decline only $3 million in 2018. Turning to slide 10, lets take a look at the progress against our long-term financial goals which were approved by the Board in the fall of 2014 as part of our strategic planning process. These goals were originally set with a five-year time horizon in mind, yet we achieved these long-term financial goals on a quarterly basis in the fourth quarter of 2017 due to the realization of the economic benefits of the FirstMerit acquisition. Fourth quarter 2017 results on a reported GAAP basis reflect the benefit of federal tax reform. Even with adjusting for this benefit, as shown on slide 27 in the appendix, we are realizing the scale and financial benefits of the acquisition. We are proud to have achieved all five of our long-term financial goals this quarter on both the GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Full year 2017 results on a reported GAAP basis reflect the cost of the FirstMerit integration and the tax benefit. Adjusting for these items, as shown on slide 26 and 27 in the appendix, we are already meeting the targets on an annual basis. Importantly, we expect to achieve all five financial goals on the GAAP basis for full year 2018, two years ahead of schedule. We have recently begun our 2018 strategic planning process and well be sharing new long-term financial goals for the Company later this year. Slide 11 highlights the FirstMerit-related cost savings and strategic revenue and synergies. As promised, we are fully realizing the original announced $255 million of annualized cost savings as evidenced by beating our $639 million noninterest expense target for the fourth quarter of 2017. Going forward, our focus is on executing the FirstMerit deal-related revenue enhancement opportunities. In 2017, we realized revenue of $48 million and expense of $36 million on these initiatives. The initiatives remain on track to deliver more than $100 million of revenue in 2018 with an efficiency ratio of 50%. These projections are included in our 2018 guidance. Early success and the introduction of the full Huntington product suite through our optimal customer relationship strategy and the strong results from SBA, RV and marine and home lending expansions provide optimism for continued revenue growth. Slide 12 illustrates the continued strength of our capital ratios and a successful replenishment of our capital following the FirstMerit acquisition. Common equity Tier 1 ratio or CET1, ended the quarter at 9.89% up 33 basis points year-over-year. As a reminder, our operating guideline for CET1 is 9% to 10%. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.34%, up 18 basis points year-over-year. Moving to slide 13. I want to draw your attention to the fact that for the first time our Series A convertible preferred is included in our fully diluted common shares calculation, since the conversion would actually be dilutive earnings per share albeit by an immaterial amount. This is why average fully diluted common shares increased by approximately 24 million shares from the third quarter of 2017 to the fourth quarter of 2017. On a separate and unrelated note, our common stock is currently trading at a level that would allow us to force mandatory conversion of the Series A convertible preferred as early as February 9th. The potential conversion would have a positive impact on our tangible common equity capital ratio and our CET1 capital ratio with an immaterial impact on earnings per share. Should the conversion happen, we would take the opportunity to optimize our capital ratios, subject to non-objection in the 2018 CCAR submission. Moving to slide 14. Credit quality remains strong in the quarter. Consistent, prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntingtons core principles. And our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined approach to risk management and our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. We booked provision expense of $65 million in the fourth quarter compared to net charge-offs of $41 million. Net charge-offs represent an annualized 24 basis points of average loans and leases, which remain below our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points. Net charge-offs were down 1 basis point from the prior quarter and down 2 basis points from the year ago quarter. As usual, there is an additional granularity on charge-offs by portfolio in the analyst package and the slides. The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans increased 1 basis point linked-quarter to 1.11%, and the non-accrual loan coverage ratio remained flat at 223%. Turning to slide 15. Overall asset quality metrics remain strong. Nonperforming assets increased $2 million or 1% linked-quarter. The NPA ratio eased 1 basis point sequentially to 55 basis points. The criticized asset ratio decreased 27 basis points from 3.80% to 3.53%. And our 90-day delinquencies slightly declined. NPA inflows increased 4 basis points. Let me now turn the presentation over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Mac. Moving to the economy, slides 16 and 17 illustrate selected key economic indicators for our footprint. And as weve noted previously, our footprint states have outperformed the rest of the nation during the economic recovery for the last several years. And I remain optimistic on the outlook for the local economies across our eight states. The bottom left chart on slide 16 and the chart on slide 17 illustrate trends in unemployment rates across our footprint. And as you can see, unemployment rates across the majority of our footprint remained near historical lows. The labor markets in our footprint have proven to be strong with several markets such as here in Columbus, in Indianapolis and Grand Rapids, where we see meaningful labor shortages. We have noted previously that were seeing wage inflation in our expense base and certainly our customers are as well. Housing markets across our footprint continue to display broad-based home price inflation while remaining some of the most affordable markets throughout the U.S. Consumer confidence in our region is at its highest level since 2000. And perhaps more importantly, I would like to direct your attention to the map on the bottom right of slide 16 which illustrates the Philadelphia feds state leading indicator indices for our footprint. These leading indicators point toward a very favorable economic operating environment in 2018 as six of our eight states are expected to see an acceleration in economic activity over the next six months. The optimism illustrated by the leading indicators, confirm our own optimism which is based on the daily interactions our bankers have with our small business, commercial and consumer customers. Our customer calling efforts have found widespread confidence across all of these customer segments. Our loan pipelines remain good including our commercial and business pipelines which are stronger today than they were a year ago. And while the near-term impact may be less predictable, we believe longer term impact of the enactment of federal tax reform is positive for our customers, our region and for Huntington. We expect positive economic impact from the manufacturing and business expansion to our footprint from increased capital expenditures across wide array of industries and businesses from the reduced corporate tax burdens, as well as the impact of repatriation of foreign earnings by a number of corporations. And in addition, its important to remember that our commercial focus is primarily on privately held businesses. These businesses stereotypically are more likely to pay a full statutory tax rate and therefore are going to see materially improved profitability and cash flow. And importantly, these companies are also likely to reinvest those tax benefits into their businesses to fund growth. Moving to slide 18. Huntingtons strong positioned to deliver consistent through-the-cycle shareholder returns. This strategy entails reducing volatility of results and returns, achieving top tiered performance over the long-term and maintaining our aggregate moderate to low risk profile throughout. I would like to highlight the graph in the top left quadrant, which represents our continued growth in pretax pre-provision net revenue as a result of the focused execution of our core strategies, plus the economics of FirstMerit. This strong level of capital generation position us well to fund organic growth and to return capital to our shareholders, consistent with our previously communicated capital priorities. Lets now turn to slide 19 to review our 2018 expectations. As we look forward to 2018, we expect a full year average loan growth in the range of 4% to 6% inclusive of over $500 million auto loan securitization in the back half of the year. Full year average deposit growth is expected to be 3% to 5%. We continue to budget expecting no change in interest rates as we have for the last few years. While it appears likely as that the fed might said act again this year, it has served us well to take a more of conservative approach in our budgeting process and plan accordingly. And we continue to do so with respect to our plans and budget for this year. We expect full year revenue growth of 4% to 6%; were projecting the GAAP NIM to be flat and the core NIM to be up modestly in 2018, under those assumptions. On the expense side, were expecting a 2% to 4% decrease from the 2017 GAAP noninterest expense of $2.7 billion. Our expectations include improvement in the cash efficiency ratio to a range of 55% to 57% towards the positive operating leverage for the sixth consecutive year. We anticipate net charge-offs will remains below our long-term goal of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. And we expect the effective tax rate to be in the 16% to 17% range, fully reflective of federal tax reform. So, lets turn to slide 20 for some closing remarks and important messages, please. We had very good fourth quarter, including record net income for the third consecutive quarter. The core franchise continues to perform well on many fronts, but we believe we can further improve our core performance. Were optimistic on the outlook for the local economies across our footprint. As Mac noted, the FirstMerit acquisition accelerated our ability to achieve our long-term financial goals. And we delivered on those goals for the first time on a GAAP bases in the fourth quarter. We expect to achieve them on a full year GAAP basis in 2018, two years sooner than we planned when we originally announced the revised goals in December of 2014. We are fully realizing the $255 million of annual cost savings from the acquisition, as originally communicated. We also continue to execute on the significant revenue enhancement opportunities, delivering $48 million in 2017 through OCR, small business, home lending and RV and marine lending initiatives. As I look back on our announcement of the FirstMerit acquisition two years ago, we delivered on our promises, our promises to improve the efficiency ratio by greater than 400 basis points, our promise to improve return on assets by 15 basis points and our promise to improve return on tangible common equity by more than 300 basis points. In fact, versus the 2015 fourth quarter, right before we announced the deal, our efficiency ratio improved by 880 basis points and our core ROTC improved by more than 360 basis points to 16%. So, today, our teams are fully integrated, theyre focused, and theyre performing well. And we expect them to continue to perform at an even higher level. Were optimistic about 2018 and into the year -- coming into the year with business line momentum. We remain focused on delivering consistent through-the-cycle shareholder returns. The strategy entails reducing short-term volatility, achieving top tier performance over time and maintaining our aggregate moderate to low risk profile throughout.  So, Ill now turn it back over to Mark, so we can get your questions. Thank you.
Mark Muth: Melissa, we will now take questions. We ask that as the courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person have additional question, he or she can add himself back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Ricky Dodds: Hey, guys. Its actually Ricky for Matts team. Just wondering if you could quickly touch on your fee expectations for the year, I know you gave some of the revenue outlooks. But I was wondering if you could maybe touch on that. And then, maybe specifically talk about some of strengths youve had in the capital markets business over the past few quarters. I think you had a nice step up there. So, maybe if you can talk about that is well. Thanks.
Steve Steinour: So, we are seeing, I think a good strength in the fee businesses. I think you need to keep in mind some of the investments that we made around the FirstMerit acquisition and SBA lending and mortgage banking in particular, I think those investments are paying off for us very well. I would say, were ahead of SBA. And I think were catching up on mortgage. We might have been a little bit behind in terms of hiring in some markets, but I think were in good shape as we enter 2018. So, I would expect to see good growth in those lines. Capital markets is a real opportunity for us. They had a record quarter in the fourth quarter in terms of revenue. And when we think about the opportunities to sell into the FirstMerit customer base, we have capital markets with treasury management, our products on the Huntington side much stronger, our expertise from a sales perspective, I think is much better. And were seeing real opportunities there as we think about penetrating that customer base. It all ties into our optimal customer relationship strategy which we continue to focus on across the entire organization. While we believe the opportunities are higher for FirstMerit side, we definitely have opportunities on the Huntington side as well. So, I would say that 2018 is going to be a good year for fee income growth relative to what weve seen historically because of those investments and because of our focus on OCR.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question. 
Sam Ross: Good morning, this is actually Sam Ross on for John Pancari. I know you guys talked about your loans picking up at the end of the quarter. Im just hoping you can maybe talk about where your line utilization rate ended the quarter and may be sort of what you are seeing at your line utilization currently?
Dan Neumeyer: Yes. This is Dan. Actually line utilization was down just a tick. I think we were down two-tenths of a percent in the quarter. The dynamics kind of changed throughout the course of the quarter where we had a lot of year-end activity, very much close to the year end. I think there was a lot of built-up demand that had been delayed throughout the year. And so, we have seen an uptick there. I would expect that in the first quarter utilization is difficult to pinpoint and with the benefits of tax reform, you dont know if theres going to be an immediate impact or whether you might see it later on. I think as the year goes on, I would expect we will see an uptick in utilization but really hard to estimate in the first quarter.
Sam Ross: Got it. And then, maybe just a following cleanup question. I know you guys gave your NIM expectation for full year 2018. But given the impacts of tax reform, what are you guys seeing from your NIM expectations for Q1?
Mac McCullough: So, I think the one impact you need to think about is just the impact of FTEs; its about a 3 basis-point reduction in the NIM related to normalizing for the tax reform on the FTE adjustment. But other than that, I wouldnt expect material change.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill & Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys. Steve, I was hoping if you could spend maybe just a moment or two offering a little bit your thoughts on kind of reinvestment of the tax benefits if any, or basically how you look at the balance of allowing it to flow through the bottom-line versus just ongoing or increased investments?
Steve Steinour: Scott, weve been working with a long-term set of strategies now for almost a decade and that informs our plans every year, it certainly has in 2018. And as I mentioned, we try to approach it conservatively in terms of assuming no interest rate changes. And weve been investing every year in the businesses since 2010. We will continue to do that. So, the tax reform does not change our plans in any meaningful way and were set with those. So, we would expect the benefits of the tax reforms to flow very, very substantially to the bottom-line. If some of it tends to get competed away over time, we think we are in a tremendous position to respond with the relatively strong performance in both returns and NIM. So, expecting for 2018 that very substantially it goes to the bottom-line and well see how the market reacts over time.
Scott Siefers: Okay, perfect. Thank you. And then, Mac, I was just hoping to ask just a quick question on the potential conversion of the Series A preferred. So, if I understand it correctly, you could potentially force conversion as soon as next month, if the right circumstances occur. Would you guys have to resubmit CCAR if you wanted to do it this year or is it something that for all intents and purposes maybe its just any conversion would be part of the next CCAR process period regardless of the whether or not you can force based on stock price movements?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Scott. So, we wouldnt seem to resubmit our 2017 CCAR in order to force the conversion. In terms of thinking through how we might optimize capital going forward and the opportunities that that creates, that would be a part of the 2018 process. 
Scott Siefers: Okay I understand. So, you do have plenty of flexibility should you choose to -- in very short order potentially.
Steve Steinour: Absolutely.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin: Follow-up on that capital structure question, Mac. So, just trying to understand the ins and out. So, currently, we got the share count in and I think your point about flat as if we were to then leave those shares in and take out this preferred that would be neutral. But would that also consider the line on 13 about additional potential to new preferred issuance? 
Mac McCullough: Yes. Ken, so, the way to think about it, so, were paying 8.5% on the Pref A that has the potential to convert here in the first quarter. And it basically is neutral to EPS as we bring those shares back in because of the yield that were paying on that pref. So, what that does for us when we think about 2018 CCAR process, obviously this is going to increase our TCE and our CET1 ratios, again with no impact to EPS. And it will give us the opportunity to optimize capital in the 2018 CCAR process at -- even if we issue additional preferred to offset the preferred that were converting, it is likely going to be neutral to EPS because of high rate that were paying on the current pref versus where were currently in the market for a similar instrument, and then, thinking about how we use the common equity thats been created in the 2018 CCAR process. So, I think in terms of where we sit today, its neutral or positive.
Ken Usdin: Understood. Okay, got it. So, we should think about both the potential preferred but also the potential that you could do more on the equity side and CCAR also. So its more than just -- okay, I got it. Second question just then, the credit outlook continues to be very good, taking all of Steves points about the strength across the footprint. It did have a bit of that continued provision step up which I would still assume was mostly related to the legacy portfolio. So, can you help us just understand that push and pull about that provision movement on the old book and then just how you expect underlying credit? I know below the 35 to 50 but its been for such a long time. So, just kind differentiate the provision for the legacy book and then also just how you think about the core.
Dan Neumeyer: Sure, Ken. This is Dan. So, provision in the quarter, there were three primary drivers, one is just loan growth. We did have a good period-end loan growth, despite the fact that average balances werent really up. We did have a surge at quarter-end and thats on the basis on which reserves are based. So, the second component would be that we had a couple of credits with some specific reserves, nothing huge but nonetheless a driver there. And then, third were the FirstMerit renewals. And as you know, these are loans that were marked, had no reserves established. But when we extend the restructure, they now have a reserve attached to them. So its those three components that make up what happened in the quarter. I would point out that when you look at that year as a whole because clearly this is a dynamic process, there is going to be fluctuation from quarter-to-quarter. But, on average, we had about $50 million of provision expense for quarter and about $40 million per quarter of charge-off. So, we said that we would slowly, very slowly build the reserve. I think if you looked a year ago, we were at 1.10 coverage on an ACL basis and we ended the year at 1.11. So, I think that qualifies as a slow build. So, thats really the dynamics going on there.
Ken Usdin: And thats what you continue?
Dan Neumeyer: Yes. The impact on FirstMerit is that book continues to mature and more and more is slipped to Huntington origination. The impact there is going to lessen and lessen as the years go by.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Peter Winter: I was just -- I know your outlook assumes no rate hikes. Im just curious what would be the impact to net interest income and net interest margin with the 25 basis-point rate hike?
Mac McCullough: Yes. Peter, its Mac. So, if you think about 25 basis points short end for the full year, its probably in the neighborhood of $25 million pick-up for the full year, is the way to think about it.
Peter Winter: Im sorry and thats assuming two rate hikes?
Mac McCullough: Well, that would be the impact of 25 basis points. So, if its two rate hikes, it will be twice that.
Peter Winter: Got it. And then, secondly, you talked about your selectively increasing certain deposit costs. Could you just give us a little bit more color how much you increased the deposit cost and what the impact would be in the first quarter?
Mac McCullough: So, were just looking I think more closely at -- on the commercial side, the relationships and the depth of the relationships when we think about how we pass through any additional price increases. As you know, were a relationship bank and we deeply value those deep relationships with our customers. And thats exactly the way were thinking about it. I think, weve pretty much worked our way through the most recently hike. There still might be a few additional opportunities that were considering. But, were very focused on the commercial side in terms of making sure that were doing the right thing from a rate increase perspective with our deep customer relationships.
Peter Winter: Okay. Thank you. 
Mac McCullough: And Peter, if I could just go back to your first question, what I gave you was the full year impact of 25 basis points. So, you need to decide the timing and kind of factor in how that would impact full year 2018.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please proceed with your question.
Marty Mosby: Steve, I want to ask you about the goals, the five goals that you talked about going into 2018. I wasnt sure, I thought for while there, I was getting it right, but I just want to make sure that without the impact from taxes, youre saying that you would have accomplished those in the fourth quarter of this year or you would accomplish those in 2018 or do you need tax benefit to even get it in 2018?
Mac McCullough: No, Marty, to clarify then, we accomplished those in the fourth quarter excluding tax benefit. And we would have expected to accomplish them in 2018 excluding tax benefit. They will only be further embellished if you will, with tax benefit.
Marty Mosby: Okay. Thats what I thought we were getting at and then I kind of got confused there for a second. Mac, on the provision, I want to go back to that, kind of walk forward, but I think thats where some of this can get a little bit in a sense just convoluted in the way that you got -- in the slide that you showed the reduction of the purchase accounting accretion, you also show a reduction in provision of $50 million. So, if we look at your provision for this year at $200 million roughly, and so, when we are itemizing net interest income and saying basically margins flat on a GAAP basis, so we kind of take that as a guidance. The next thing to do, we take that all else being the same, the charge-offs, you would end up with $50 million or less. So, you would have a walk down of provision from $200 million to a $150 million in that kind of cocoon of assumptions and guidance. So, I just want to make sure that was kind of the way to look at that.
Mac McCullough: Yes, Marty. That is correct. I mean, the year-over-year impact is about $51 million reduction in provision related to FirstMerit, simply because we have less loans moving from the acquired portfolio to the originated portfolio.
Marty Mosby: Thats what I thought. And I think thats where you can probably get some layering effect that I was wondering why other estimates werent kind of catching up to where we were. But, I think that was the missing piece if people kind of start looking at the models and sort of thinking okay well, the NII is pretty clear but the next guidance is you really got to pull down that extra build in allowance of $50 million that then helps lower your provisioning as you go into 2018. So, thanks. I appreciate that clarity.
Mac McCullough: Marty, as we think about 2018 and how Dan kind of described the provision on the reserve build, I mean obviously its going to depend on the environment; its going to depend on the strength of loan growth in 2018. And we do expect that were going to be working into a gradual build of the reserve going forward. So, I would tell you that a lot factors go into that. I think, we saw probably better performance in 2017 than we expected on both the Huntington and the FirstMerit side of the equation. So, things are shaping up well as we think about 2018. But, I do think longer term we have a graphical reserve build.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Barker: Thank you. Your guidance assumes that were going to see core operating expenses go up by roughly 1% with GAAP expenses going down about 2% to 4%. With that core EPS -- core operating expense growing at 1%, do you expect that to be a two to three-year run rate on growth for operating expenses, given some of the fall-through from the FirstMerit transaction and any other big investments you have out there? 
Mac McCullough: Yes, Kevin. Its Mac. So, clearly, were getting full year benefit of the cost takeouts from FirstMerit in 2018. So thats the way I would think about the 1% that you quote in 2018. I would not expect that to be longer term growth rate going forward. We continue to invest in the business. As you know personnel costs are the biggest component of our expense line up, and we continue to give merit increases and those types of things. So, when we modeled FirstMerit, we kind of assumed the 3% core growth rate and expense going forward. And I will just point out that weve achieved the cost takeouts, weve achieved the metrics that we expected from efficiency and ROTCE and we continue to get benefit in the expense growth rate in 2018.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then, youve made that reinvestment of roughly, was it $100 million, generate additional revenue. Do you see any other large investments that need to be made on the horizon following as youve digested FirstMerit fully?
Mac McCullough: Just to go back, the investment we made in the FirstMerit revenue initiatives is $50 million. So, we expect $100 million in incremental revenue and then $50 million would be the assumption we made assuming the 50% efficiency ratio; and going back to the $100 million in revenue that was the number that we expected at a minimum. And we do believe that were going to see additional revenue opportunities coming out of the FirstMerit transaction as these initiatives mature and in particular as we execute on OCR which actually is the biggest opportunity of all the revenue initiatives coming out of FirstMerit. As Steve pointed out, we make investments in the business based upon what we need to do based upon whats happening in the environment and what we feel we need to do from a colleague perspective, from a customer prospective. And I think weve done a really good job of that over time. Were going to continue to focus on positive operating leverage going forward. And as Steve mentioned also, were just kicking off our strategic planning process; were evaluating different opportunities to grow the business. The primary focus of that process is on revenue growth and thinking about the customer and thinking about what we can do to improve customer experience.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Reevey with D.A. Davidson. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Reevey: So, this question is for Steve or Mac. So, your revenue outlook for 2018 is 4% to 6%, which is similar to your revenue outlook for last year. And Im just curious why you not have higher -- stronger outlook, given the fact now that we have corporate tax reform? And it seems like there is a lot more optimism today than there was last year.
Mac McCullough: Kevin, its Mac. The 4% to 6% range we think is reasonable, given our risk appetite and how we think about what we want to put on the balance sheet. I mean, obviously, it wasnt until late in the year that we knew the tax reform was going to get passed. And we still dont know exactly how to think about it in 2018, although we did see a strong close to 2017 in terms of loan growth on the commercial side in particular. So, we definitely have the opportunities around the FirstMerit investments. And we think were going to perform better on those than what we expected. Offsetting that we got some headwinds around first accounting accretion that weve just talked about and were still in a 2% to 3% GDP growth economy. So, I think 4% to 6% is the right range for us, in particular as we think about managing risk appropriately in terms of what we put on the balance sheet.
Kevin Reevey: And then, just to follow up on the FirstMerit Synergies. How should we think about how the $100 million of synergies are spread out in 2018? Do you think thats going to come more -- is that going to be more back half loaded or should we -- was that more evenly spread out?
Mac McCullough: Kevin, there will be some seasonality to certain of those products, mortgage and RV marine. But, by the second quarter, those should be performing well. So, short seasonality first quarter and then, remember, weve said a $100 million plus in the revenue side. And so, we kind of lock into this $100 million, but we had a very good year. We put a lot of the base line expense in, coming back to the earlier question $48 million of revenue, $37 million of expense. And so now, we get the operating leverage of goes initiatives as we move forward. And obviously, were pretty bullish about on how the integration of FirstMerit has been achieved.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens, Inc. Please proceed with your question. 
Terry McEvoy: A question maybe for Dan. Im just looking for your comments on some fourth quarter trends and the outlook as it relates to the C&I and CRE loans with retail exposure.
Dan Neumeyer: Sure. So, I think over time, one, we feel very good about -- on the C&I side, as we pointed out, our exposures are very well diversified; we didnt have any exposures to those entities filing for bankruptcy et cetera. Many of our exposures are in auto part, supply investment grade et cetera. So, feel really good there. With the CRE, a little more challenging, because obviously with every announcement of a new bankruptcy thats going to impact some of our properties. Now, up until this point, were seeing a very slow migration of credits into criticized status because of some of these bankruptcies. Weve also seen some challenges in terms of delayed projects. Frankly, there is labor shortages in some areas that are causing projects to fall behind. So, weve seen some very modest deterioration there. But again, due to the diversification of our portfolio, the strength of our core developers et cetera, we feel really good about where were sitting today.
Terry McEvoy: Thanks. And then, just as a follow-up, when I look at the revenue synergies, Chicago comes up a couple of times. And, when I look at Huntington, most of your major markets, your top five, Ohio, Detroit, Indianapolis; whereas in Chicago youre closer to 20. And I guess my question is do you have the scale thats necessary to accomplish and generate the revenue synergies that weve been talking about on the call specific to that market?
Steve Steinour: Well, remember -- this is Steve. The revenue synergies are across the board, but in Chicago, we have very select focus on our different business initiatives there. Were not trying to play a broad-based consumer strategy, for example, given the limited distribution. So, we feel -- we definitely feel very good about what were accomplishing in Chicago. We have a great team there, set of teams there, and are bullish about our ability to get to a $100 million plus on these FirstMerit synergies this year and obviously expect to keep going. We like the niches we have in Chicago, and thats how were playing.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]
Steve Steinour: Any questions, operator?
Operator: We have one question from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom: Hey, thanks. Steve, you may not like this question but I will ask it anyway. Just following up on Terrys question a little bit, just strategic thinking, big picture thinking for the Company. With FirstMerit, obviously, you guys have had ups and down but its now really coming through and youve proved that you can do an acquisition and integrate it, get the expenses and get the revenues. What is the Steve Steinour and Board big picture thinking on M&A? Willing to do it again?
Steve Steinour: Jon, we always look at things but the priority for us in 2018 is getting the strategic plan process really robustly and well completed; and then, secondarily, making sure we deliver these revenue metrics. We have been saying for several years we think were in late innings of the game; it looks like it just had extended into extra innings. But were in a cautious pasture. Dan referenced that in terms of some of the things that we were doing earlier and in prior calls around limits on construction, commercial real estate, host of things. We will continue those. We will look for other areas where we think we need to adjust, and during the good times with the view that we will have lower volatility through cycles and continue. So, as we advance the strategic plan, the emphasis is on core, not M&A and thats our focus.
Jon Arfstrom: Fair enough. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Jon. So I think we have to wrap up here, were coming into the home stretch. Thank you very much for joining the call. As you can see, we produced very results in the fourth quarter and for the full year of 2017. And you can tell, we are confident as we come into 2018 that we have momentum in our businesses. Strategies are working. We expect to drive positive results for 2018. We believe we are going to continue to gain market share and grow share of wallet. Our top priorities are growing our core businesses and continuing to realize the revenue synergies from FirstMerit which are not capped at $100 million. So, weve always said a 100 million plus. Our fourth quarter results demonstrate the core economic benefits of the acquisition of FirstMerit. We have achieved all of our long-term financial goals and there is more opportunity at hand in 2018 and beyond. So, finally, I would like to include a reminder that theres just a unique and high level alignment between the Board and management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The Board and colleagues are collectively one of the largest shareholders in Huntington. We uphold the retirement requirements on certain shares which is very unique. We will continue to proactively manage risk and volatility. And we are appropriately focused on driving sustained, long-term performance. So, I appreciate again your interest in Huntington. Thanks for joining us today, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes todays conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth - Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.
Analysts: R. Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill + Partners LP Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC Erika Penala Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC Marty Mosby III - Vining-Sparks IBG L.P. Emlen Harmon - JMP Securities LLC Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets & Co. David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Terry J. McEvoy - Stephens, Inc. Kevin J. Barker - Piper Jaffray & Co. Peter J. Winter - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares' Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.
Mark Muth - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thank you, Michelle, and welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on the IR section of the Huntington website, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, will also be participating in the Q&A portion of the call. As noted on slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let's get started by turning to slide 3 and an overview of the financials. Mac?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. We are pleased with our third quarter financial performance including record net income for the second consecutive quarter, completion of the fiscal integration of FirstMerit, and substantial progress in the cultural integration of the two organizations. In addition, we incurred the final charge for the integration of FirstMerit in the third quarter of 2017. So, let's get started by turning to slide 3 to review third quarter results. Please keep in mind that year-over-year comparisons are impacted by the inclusion of FirstMerit as the acquisition closed during the third quarter of 2016. Huntington reported earnings per common share of $0.23 for the third quarter of 2017, up 109% over the year-ago quarter. This is inclusive of $0.02 per share of significant items related to the FirstMerit acquisition. Also including the impact of the significant items, return on assets was 1.08%; return on common equity was 10.5%; and return on tangible common equity was 14.1%. Our reported efficiency ratio for the quarter was 60.5%. However, net acquisition related expense added 2.8 percentage points to the ratio. Adjusting for the significant items, the adjusted efficiency ratio was 57.7%, and this reconciliation can be found on slide 20. Tangible book value per share increased 6% from the year-ago quarter to $6.85, and was up 2% sequentially from the second quarter. Consistent with our 2017 CCAR submission, last week, the board declared a dividend of $0.11 per share, a $0.03 or 38% increase from the $0.08 per share in the prior quarter. During the third quarter, we also repurchased $123 million of common stock, representing 9.6 million shares at an average cost of $12.75 per share. Turning to slide 4, which shows a summary of the income statement, total revenue was up 17% from the year-ago quarter. Net interest income was up 21% year-over-year due to the 17% increase in average earning assets primarily reflecting the addition of FirstMerit, and an 11 basis point increase in the net interest margin. Noninterest income increased 9% year-over-year. We continue to see good growth in service charges on deposit accounts and card and payment processing revenue, both of which reflect the impact of FirstMerit as well as organic customer acquisition and increased debit and credit card activity from existing customers. A record quarter in capital markets fees was driven by strong execution of our strategic focus on expanding the business and deepening commercial relationships. Noninterest expense decreased 4% year-over-year. Significant items both for 2017 and 2016 third quarter expenses. For the third quarter of 2017, acquisition-related expense totaled $31 million. Adjusted noninterest expense in the third quarter grew $97 million or 18% from the year-ago quarter, primarily from the inclusion of FirstMerit. Compared to the second quarter of 2017, adjusted noninterest expense increased $6 million or 1%. The third quarter of 2017 included approximately $12 million of nonrecurring expense not included in the significant items for the quarter. This $12 million of expense related to personnel, operational and efficiency improvement efforts, and certain expenses associated with the previously announced consolidation of 38 traditional branches, seven drive-through locations, and three corporate offices late in the third quarter of 2017. For a closer look at the details behind these calculations, please refer to the reconciliations contained on page 19 of the presentation slides or in the release. Slide 5 illustrates that we are well on our way to delivering positive operating leverage again in 2017. You are accustomed to hearing us talk about this every quarter stressing how important annual positive operating leverage is to us as a company. We remain confident that 2017 will be the fifth consecutive year of positive operating leverage. Slide 6 illustrates our balance sheet trends. Average earning assets grew 17% from the year-ago quarter. This increase was driven primarily by a 31% increase in average securities and a 12% year-over-year increase in average loans and leases. The increase in average securities reflected the addition of FirstMerit's portfolio; the reinvestment of cash flows, including the proceeds of the auto securitization in the 2016 fourth quarter; and additional investments in LCR ratio Level 1 qualifying securities. During the third quarter, average loans increased 1% compared to the prior quarter. As you have come to expect from us, we remain disciplined in our approach to the extension of credit. To emphasize this point, loan originations for each of the last three quarters were lower than our 2017 budget expectation. However, we more than made up for lower loan volumes through disciplined pricing, resulting in net favorability to year-to-date core net interest income. As Steve will elaborate on later in the presentation, we have reduced our period-end loan growth guidance for 2017 to a range of 3% to 4%. This new guidance assumes that we will not execute an auto securitization in 2017. As competition for loan growth continues to intensify, particularly on the commercial side, we are very pleased that the option to retain more of our high-quality auto loan origination volume as an earning asset substitute until we see competition in the commercial space become more rational. At quarter end, our indirect auto portfolio concentration represented 123% of Tier 1 capital plus ACL. This is just below our operating guideline of 125%, but still well below our concentration limit of 150%. Based on our current expectations, we have capacity for continued growth of the portfolio into mid-2018 while remaining below our 125% operating guideline. As you know, our auto loans are the best-performing loan category in our CCAR stress testing, and we originate the hold. So, we are very comfortable carrying on our balance sheet as opposed to chasing riskier loan growth elsewhere. We also like the effective duration and the risk return profile of these loans relative to alternative investment securities. Average C&I loans increased 11% year-over-year, primarily reflecting the FirstMerit acquisition as well as increases in core middle market, the specialty lending verticals, business banking, and auto floor plan. As we have seen throughout 2017, we continue to face headwinds in corporate banking as companies access the debt markets in order to lock-in current low rates. C&I balances were further impacted by payoffs and pay downs of certain nonperforming loans, helping to drive a 7% sequential decline in nonperforming assets. Average commercial real estate loans increased 13% year-over-year as a result of the FirstMerit acquisition. On a period-end basis, commercial real estate loans decreased 1% year-over-year. We have strategically pulled back in CRE lending, specifically in multifamily, retail and construction to remain consistent with our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite and to ensure appropriate returns on capital. Average auto loans increased 3% year-over-year, with the third quarter representing another solid quarter of consistent disciplined loan production. Originations totaled $1.6 billion for the third quarter of 2017, up 7% year-over-year. Average new money yields on our auto originations were 3.62% in the third quarter, up from 3.58% in the prior quarter, and up more than 40 basis points from the year-ago quarter. Average residential mortgage loans increased 20% year-over-year reflecting the addition of FirstMerit and continued strong demand from mortgages across our footprint. As typical, we sold the agency qualified mortgage production in the quarter and retained the jumbo (10:05) mortgages and specialty mortgage products. Turning our attention to the chart on the right side of slide 7, average total deposits increased 17% from the year-ago quarter, including a 19% increase in average core deposits. Average demand deposits increased 22% year-over-year. We remain pleased with the trend in funding mix, particularly the increase in low-cost DDA. This reflects the addition of FirstMerit's low-cost deposit base, as well as our continuing focus on checking account relationship acquisition. Moving to slide 7, our net interest margin was 3.29% for the third quarter, up 11 basis points from the year-ago quarter. The increase reflected a 26 basis point increase in earning asset yields and a 4 basis point increase in the benefit of noninterest-bearing funds balanced against a 19 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. On a link-quarter basis, the net interest margin decreased by 2 basis points driven by a 3 basis point improvement in earning asset yields and a 2 basis point increase in the benefit of noninterest-bearing funds, partially offset by a 7 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in funding cost was more heavily weighted to wholesale funding as we continue to remain pleased with our ability to successfully lag deposit pricing, especially on consumer core deposits where the rate increased 1 basis point sequentially. Purchase accounting contributed 12 basis points to the net interest margin in the third quarter, down from 15 basis points in the prior quarter. After adjusting for this impact in all quarters, the Core NIM was 3.18% compared to 3.16% in the prior quarter and 3.06% in the third quarter of 2016. As I just mentioned and calling your attention to the orange line, at the bottom of the graph on the left, our cost of consumer core deposits was 22 basis points for the third quarter. This represents a 4 basis point increase over the year ago quarter and a 1 basis point increase sequentially, illustrating the strong consumer core deposit base we enjoy and our ability to successfully lag deposit pricing. We have seen consumer and small business deposit pricing remain relatively steady in the face of recent fed interest rate hikes. While the majority of pricing pressure has been limited to government banking, corporate banking and the upper end of middle market commercial. In the quarter, we selectively increased rates to grow and retain core deposit balances on certain corporate relationships providing better economics for the bank relative to the cost of wholesale funding. On an earning asset side, our commercial loan yields increased 41 basis points year-over-year, while consumer loan yields increased 35 basis points. On a linked-quarter basis, commercial loan yields increased 3 basis points while consumer loan yields increased 5 basis points. Security yields were up 8 basis points year-over-year and were flat for the prior quarter. Slide 8 shows the expected pre-tax impacts of purchase accounting adjustments on an annual forward-looking basis. We introduced this slide last fall and believes it is useful when helping you think about purchase accounting accretion going forward. It is important to note that the purchase accounting accretion estimates on this slide are based on current scheduled accretion and except for what we've experienced in the first three quarters of 2017, do not include in the accelerated accretion from the recapture through early payoffs or extensions in the projected periods. As we have stated previously, and it's been proven out in our result for the past five quarters, in reality, we are likely to experience loan extensions and early payoffs resulting in accelerated accretion. Therefore, you are likely to see the accretion revenue in the green bars continue to be pulled forward as modifications and early payoffs occur. Turning to slide 9, this illustrates our long-term financial goals, which were set by the board in the fall of 2014 as part of our strategic planning process. These goals were originally set with a five-year time horizon in mind, but we expect the economic benefits of the FirstMerit acquisition will allow us to achieve these long-term financial goals in the fourth quarter of 2017 run rate and for the full year 2018 both on a GAAP basis, two-plus years ahead of schedule. Year-to-date 2017 results on a reported GAAP basis reflect the cost of the ongoing integration. Adjusting for these costs, as shown on the reconciliation slides 23 and 24 in the appendix, we are already realizing the scale and financial benefits of the deal. The fourth column depicts our current expectations for these metrics for the full year 2017 also on a non-GAAP adjusted basis. I would point you in particular to our full-year expectations for the efficiency ratio and return on tangible common equity. We believe these results will distinguish our performance from our peers. We celebrated the one year anniversary of the closing of the FirstMerit acquisition in August, and slide 10 provides additional details on the cost savings and revenue synergies from the transaction. We have now fully implemented all of the $255 million of originally planned cost saves, and the primary focus of the organization is now executing on more than $100 million of revenue enhancement opportunities. Turning to slide 11. You should recognize this slide as well from our second quarter earnings call, which reiterates our $639 million noninterest expense target for the fourth quarter of 2017. With all cost savings implemented, we will deliver on our cost save commitment in the fourth quarter of 2017. The chart on the upper right details the fourth quarter run rate. The chart on the bottom of this page details the expense from implementing the revenue initiatives, specifically $37 million this year and an incremental $13 million in 2018. As I mentioned during last quarter's conference call, we expect the revenue initiatives to have an incremental efficiency ratio of approximately 50% in 2018. The incremental efficiency ratio was higher in 2017 as the ramp in revenues will naturally lag some of the up-front expense. You've also seen slide 12 before, which provides additional detail on the FirstMerit-related revenue enhancement opportunities. The bar chart on top of the slide displays our current targets for additional revenue from the initiatives. In 2017, the revenue ramp corresponds with the hiring that is necessary to increase production and grow the portfolios. For 2018, we are targeting at least $100 million of total revenue enhancements. This is a $52 million increase from the $48 million expected in 2017. Slide 13 illustrates the continued progress we've made in rebuilding our capital ratios following the FirstMerit acquisition. Common equity Tier 1 ended the quarter at 9.94%, up 85 basis points year-over-year. We have previously mentioned that our operating guideline for common equity Tier 1 is in the range of 9% to 10%. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.42%, up 28 basis points year-over-year. Moving to slide 14. Credit quality remains strong in the quarter. Consistent prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntington's core principles, and our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined approach to risk management and our aggregate moderate to low risk appetite. We booked provision expense of $44 million in the third quarter compared to net charge-offs of $43 million. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 25 basis points of average loans and leases, which remained below our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points. Net charge-offs were up 4 basis points from the prior quarter and down 1 basis point from the year-ago quarter. As usual, there is additional granularity on charge-offs by portfolio in the analyst package and the slides. The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans decreased 1 basis point linked-quarter to 1.10%, but the nonaccrual loan coverage ratio increased to 223% as a result of the 7% linked-quarter decline in nonaccrual loans. Overall asset quality metrics remained strong. Nonperforming assets decreased to $28 million or 7% linked-quarter. The nonperforming asset ratio eased 5 basis points sequentially to 56 basis points. The criticized asset ratio increased 14 basis points from 3.66% to 3.80%. And our 90-day-plus delinquencies declined slightly. We also continue to expect  to experience lower nonperforming asset inflows for the fourth quarter in a row. Let me now turn the presentation over to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Mac. Moving to the economy, slide 16 illustrates selective key economic indicators for our footprint. As we've noted previously, our footprint has outperformed the rest of the nation during the economic recovery of the last several years, and I remain optimistic on the outlook for the local economies across our eight states. The bottom left chart illustrates trends in the unemployment rates across our footprint, and as you can see, unemployment rates across the majority of our footprint remain near historical lows. Slide 17 illustrates trends in unemployment rates for our 10 largest deposit markets. Many of the large MSAs in the footprint remain at or near 15-year lows for unemployment at the end of August. The labor market in our footprint has proven to be strong with several markets such as here in Columbus and in Indianapolis and Grand Rapids, where we see meaningful labor shortages. We have noted previously that we're seeing wage inflation in our expense base, and our customers are too. Housing markets across the footprint continue to display broad-based home price inflation while remaining some of the most affordable markets in the U.S. Finally, we continue to see optimism across our consumer and business customer base with the consumer confidence score in our region at its highest since 2000. These economic factors support our expectation for continued economic growth across our footprint through the  though the recent translation into business investment has been somewhat uneven. Let's now turn to slide 18 for some closing remarks and important messages. With another good quarter in the third quarter, including record net income, the core franchise continues to perform very well on many fronts, and we have completed the remaining necessary integration actions for us to achieve the economics of the FirstMerit deal. We were pleased to significantly increase our cash dividend for the fourth consecutive year, and to reinstitute our buyback program. We remain focused on delivering consistent, through-the-cycle shareholder returns. This strategy entails reducing short-term volatility, achieving top-tier performance over the long term, and maintaining our aggregate moderate to low risk profile throughout. As Mac noted, the FirstMerit acquisition accelerated our ability to achieve our long-term financial goals. And with the integration substantially complete, we expect to deliver against the goal in this year as well as next year. We are set to realize our targeted $255 million of annual cost savings from the acquisition with all remaining cost savings implemented during the third quarter as originally communicated. We also continue to execute on the significant revenue enhancement opportunities including the SBA lending, home lending, and RV and marine lending expansions. Our 2017 full year outlook continues to expect total revenue growth of 23% on a GAAP basis. Consistent with our long-term financial goal, we are targeting annual positive operating leverage. Importantly, we continue to appropriately manage our expenses within our revenue outlook. We expect average balance sheet growth also in excess of 20%. We expect period end loan growth of 3% to 4% for the full-year 2017. Consumer loan growth has remained steady throughout 2017. Consistent with our experience over the past several years, we expect commercial loan growth for the remainder of the year to outpace what we experienced year-to-date. However, our commercial pipelines remained strong. However, the commercial lending environment is extremely competitive on both structures and rate. We've reduced our overall 2017 loan growth expectations from previous guidance. We're remaining discipline with our aggregate moderate to low-risk appetite, ensuring appropriate returns on capital. Finally, we expect asset quality metrics to remain near current levels including net charge-offs remaining below our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points. Now, I'll turn it back over to Mark, so we can get to your questions. Mark?
Mark Muth - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Michelle, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill & Partners. Please proceed with your question.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill + Partners LP: Good morning, guys.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hi, Scott.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hi, Scott.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill + Partners LP: Mac, I had a quick question, just on the  holding relatively more auto than you might have, where the commercial environment not as it is. So, just first, can you walk through any margin ramifications of putting on auto versus what it would been had C&I been playing out as expected? And then, did pricing in the  either sale or securitization market, did that have anything to do with the decision to keep on balance sheet?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Scott. So, yeah, I would tell you that there really wasn't any consideration given the pricing and the securitization market. As I've said historically, I do think we always give up economics when we securitize, like having these assets on our balance sheet because of their performance through the CCAR process, as well as the risk adjusted yield that we get on the auto book. I would tell you that any margin impact on a go-forward basis is immaterial relative to C&I loan growth. We feel comfortable with the returns that we get on the auto book, and we are well within the operating guideline even through mid-2018. So, we're prepared to be able to do that, and we're very comfortable keeping the assets.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill + Partners LP: Okay. Perfect. Thanks. And then, can you just remind me, you guys don't pop the marine and RV into the concentration limits, right, like your limit is auto specifically as opposed to all indirect. And then, along those lines, what is the opportunity you guys see on like marine and RV and how's the pricing there vis--vis auto or other indirect portfolios?
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Okay. Hey, Scott. This is Dan. So, you're correct. The auto concentration limit is just for auto. We have a separate limit for boat and RV. And we really like the boat and RV book. We think that is a real plus that we picked up through the acquisition, a business model and a team that are very skilled. We've supplemented that with external hires who have experience in the business. The profile of our customer there is very strong, FICOs of 790 to 795. The asset size of the boats and RVs that they're purchasing is in a range we're very comfortable with. We're talking $75,000 average size of the vehicle. These tend to be experienced boat and RV owners. And given that profile, the returns are strong as well. So, just on the whole, very nice asset class for us.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill + Partners LP: Okay. All right. That sounds great. Thank you, guys, very much.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Thanks, guys. Thanks for clarifying that $12 million in the third quarter. So, the question about forward expenses, the $639 million run rate that you've held to now, can you just help us think about what that means as a starting point going forward? And is there anything else that you're contemplating to continue to hold up a gap on operating leverage in addition to the cost saves you've seen already?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So Ken, it's Mac. So, as we've stated in the press release and in the scripts, we're very comfortable achieving the $639 million target in the fourth quarter. I think if you adjust for the $12 million in the third quarter, you can see that, pretty much already there. And we've talked about what that means on a go-forward basis. Clearly, we've got opportunity to recognize the full amount of the cost save in 2018 because we did not recognize the full cost save for full year 2017. So we do expect to recognize some of that benefit going forward as well. And back on operating leverage, we are committed to positive operating leverage. This will be the fifth year in a row that we're going to achieve it. This is an important goal for us, and we build our plan every year understanding what the revenue opportunity is, thinking about basically a flat rate environment and then building our expense base to provide positive operating leverage on a go-forward basis. So, very committed to that objective and feel confident that we're going to deliver that.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay. And my second question is, this is the second quarter in a row where you have not built the provision on top of charge-offs. As you had indicated, you would've been doing post-merger as loans move from the FirstMerit book into the regular way book. Is that now a thing of the past or are we now matching from here provisions and charge-offs? And what would change from here, if not?
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. This is Dan. So, I think what you've seen the last couple of quarters is not what you would expect on a go-forward basis. There are a lot of factors at play when we look at the ACL in a given quarter. We have been aided recently by a big reduction sequentially in our NPAs. I don't expect that type of reduction to continue. So, that has certainly contributed. Those are loans that would have large reserves attached to them. And I think at 49 basis points of non-accrual loans, that certainly is below what we would expect even in these times. And so, I think that's a factor we have to take into account. So, as I referenced last quarter, I think the way to think about provision on a go-forward basis is covering charge-offs plus some addition for growth. So, I think what you've seen the last couple of quarters is not  that is not the norm and not what you should expect on a go-forward basis.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Just a quick clarification there then, Dan. NPAs might not be going down, but what would be replacing the charge-offs in terms of what's underlying? There's positive trends in delinquencies and all the back stuff. So, why would you see any inflection on even the charge-off side?
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. Well, I think there's going to be movement from quarter-to-quarter, and I think we've had some very positive movements. We've said  over time, we do expect  we've been operating below our long-term goal on charge-offs for quite some time, and I think very gradually we are going to see that drift upwards. So, I think that's another element at work here.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Thanks. Good morning.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hi, Jon.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hey, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hey. Maybe, Steve or Dan, a question for you on some of your commercial lending comments. Can you just maybe give us an idea of where and what is bothering you, is it large corporate middle market, is it linked into small business and then what you think might change that environment? Is that something you expect to improve at all next year?
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Jon. This is Steve. We have had a good year in terms of consumer loans, mortgage, home equity, RV/marine, auto, across the board. So, we're running sort of spot year-to-date, 7% to 8% on that combination of the portfolio. So, that has shown a consistency quarter-to-quarter and good performance. Our middle market lending has grown year-to-date, up 2% to 3%. So, what we've been fighting is headwinds coming off of our large corporate. And it's essentially a combination of fixed income activity, and there's a little bit of upsizing on a dynamic that's been new this year where the number of banks involved in certain relationships are being reduced just so the cross-sell can be provided. I'd add to that that market in particular has gotten extraordinarily competitive, terms, rates, et cetera. And so, to some extent, we have backed out of that in ways that we might not have  in ways we wouldn't have previously. Finally, commercial real estate market also is frothy. And we have, as you heard from Mac, we actually have pulled back a percent year-over-year and we have constrained it in a couple of lending types, property types, on purpose. And we're a bit cautious in some of our markets, in particular in those asset categories. So, again, we're long-term shareholders. We're locked in. We have this discipline around aggregate moderate-to-low. If we don't like to return risk profile, we're just not going to go-forward with it. We'll look to do other things, hold the capital or asset substitute, whatever we think is more prudent than just follow the parade.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Penala Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hi, Erika.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hey, Erika.
Erika Penala Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just wanted to ask about the other side of the balance sheet. You've been able to keep core deposits very low through this rate tightening cycle. And I'm wondering as we look into next year, how is competition in your footprint shaping up in terms of pricing competition for retail and SME versus larger or middle market corporate?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. Erika, so we're very, very pleased with what we've been able to accomplish in the  with core deposits in particular from a repricing perspective. I think the slide 7 actually shows some really good trends in terms of what we've done with our core commercial and core consumer deposits. And I think, you just have to go back and think about the strategy that we put in place around fair play and, I think, some of the benefits that we have with our customers around the experience that we deliver, and the number of awards that we've won that I think illustrate the loyalty and satisfaction that our customers have for us. Having said that, we do see a very rational environment in our footprint. We certainly see competitors doing testing of different products and different pricing. And you see pilots or test take place and you see them pull back. So, I would say that what we see is very rational, and we do expect that to continue. Everyone is in good shape from a liquidity perspective. I think the lack of asset growth is also not requiring that excessive price be paid to raise deposits. And I think that we'll just monitor and make sure that we're testing and piloting different products and different pricing opportunities as well, so that we're ready in case something does change, but we see what is happening in our footprint to be very rational.
Erika Penala Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you for that. And as a follow-up, I heard you loud and clear, Steve, about commercial real estate concern, and I think a lot of investors share that concern with you. I'm wondering, as we try to benchmark the industry for commercial real estate credit next year, Dan, is it possible for you to share some of your underwriting standards really sort of origination debt service coverage ratio minimums, and at what interest rate you set that debt service coverage ratio to?
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Sure. So, one, our underwriting standards haven't really changed, although, recently we probably have tightened up a little bit in terms of some of the equity requirements going in. but generally, you're going to be looking at a 75% to 80% type LTV. In multifamily, we've actually gone lower in some instances particularly in those markets where we think there may have been over building, but we're looking at a debt-service coverage ratio in the 125 range. We stress those rates at about 6.25%, 30-year amortization. And then on top of that, with the vast majority of our  once we have personal recourse. And so, very  very stable underwriting requirements, that as I said, have either maintained or tightened modestly over the last couple of years.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Our core customer base still is less than 300 relationships in commercial real estate to give you a sense of the granularity of it and the consistency of strategy.
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. And, Erika, I would also add that one thing, this is all built on what we call our Tier 1 developers is the majority of who we're lending to. So, we're looking very closely at their global cash flow, their liquidity, and their net worth because in addition to underwriting the individual properties, we are counting on the fact that they have the wherewithal to support our loans in a downturn.
Erika Penala Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. I guess when you think about loan growth, obviously, you did take your guidance down, and it sounds like commercial is pretty challenging broadly speaking. But when we think about the factors that are driving this sort of low single-digit growth this year, are there any changes or what do you expect to change next year in terms of the same factors? Like, would you expect the commercial environment to get better or auto to accelerate or vice versa? I'm just trying to get a sense of like what changes the longer term growth outlook for the best? Thanks.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: This has been a very unusual year, I think, for commercial lending. At least in my career, I haven't seen one where you have GDP expansion sort of increasing over the course of the year and commercial loan activity, for an extended period, being flat to down as you look at that HA data. So, we believe that a combination of factors, but principally related to uncertainty around policy issues and timing are having an impact on marginal investment. And so, as we think about the next year and beyond, we're optimistic that these policy issues are going to get addressed, and that will be stimulative on the whole. And we like what we see in terms of the activity and planning in our footprint. There's a lot of investment contemplated. We've never had as much foreign direct inquiry in most of the markets we're in as we're experiencing today. The diversification of the economy here sets up I think a series of opportunities as we think about 2018 and beyond. So, we're bullish in terms of outlook, Ken, and think that once these policy issues get addressed, the clarity will help unlock some of what's been restrained this year.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. I will definitely keep my fingers crossed about policy clarity going forward. So, thank you very much.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Good morning, John.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: On that same topic, given what you just mentioned about the policy reticence that some borrowers may have, how much of this pullback in your loan growth expectation is it all influenced by some softening on the front-end side, on demand? So, is that apprehension of borrowers changing? Is it getting worse and that influence some of your pullback in your growth expectation or is it primarily the things you already flagged in terms of CRE and cap markets and competitive pressures? Thanks.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Well, we think much of the cap market activity has occurred so that, we believe, is abating. But we do see while the tax code revisions are pending, the range of deferred activities. If you're going to sell a business, trying to figure out how to (41:35) this year or next, et cetera, for example. So, we consciously pulled back on commercial real estate this year and especially this past quarter. We just did not like the risk return profiles as we were looking out into 2019 and beyond when a number of these loans would be coming out of construction and leasing. So, that was our decision, but there are broader market impacts that are much more policy-related at this point, John.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. And then, I guess another way to get  to dig there is do you have updated line utilization data for the quarter?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Basically flat on the commercial side for the quarter.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. All right.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So, auto is typically at a seasonal low with model change-out. So, we have this every year but, overall, on a flat.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Got it. Got it. And then, one last thing also to beat the loan growth dead horse. On 2018, how do you think about the pace of where loan growth could go? Is it going to  if you think of it is in this low 3% to 4% range, is it  should we think about it in terms of GDP or multiple of GDP? How should we think about that?
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: We think of it as a low multiple of GDP. We got consumer going up 7% to 8% year-to-date, middle market up 2% to 3% year-to-date on spots. A lot of the corporate bond activity we think has occurred, so we think it's stabilizing now. Pipeline looks  actually, commercial pipeline looks good in this quarter. So, if we can get the tax policy issue addressed, I think that opens up the spigot to some extent, this deferral we hope will spur incremental activity, almost like a burst of activity, John.
John Pancari - Evercore Group LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thank you.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby with Vining-Sparks. Please proceed with your question.
Marty Mosby III - Vining-Sparks IBG L.P.: Thanks.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hi, Marty.
Marty Mosby III - Vining-Sparks IBG L.P.: Hey. Good morning. Slide 8 is  I've told you several times, I don't like the way that that presents the results. When you look at the decline in the net benefit from $73 million to $19 million, that's about a $50 million decline, that when you're just looking at this one slide by itself, but when you roll over and you look at slides 11 and 12, what you're then showing is that the synergies of the deal, the revenue side generates about $50 million and if you take about $100 million of net spillover into next year from what you get on the expense synergies, that $50 million really gets just kind of like a prepayment to the positives that you're getting out of the synergies. So, am I thinking of that right in a sense of netting out those two things when you really get to the bottom-line impact as you go from 2017 into 2018?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah, Marty. I think you're absolutely right on that point. We like slide 8 because it does give some visibility into what's happening with the margin in particular. And obviously fighting through some of the noise in the margin is important as we communicate the message, and I think slide 8 has been effective. But I do appreciate, you continue to point out the fact that the synergies are definitely offsetting that impact.
Marty Mosby III - Vining-Sparks IBG L.P.: And the other thing that I was thinking about was, when you show the revenue enhancements, you're leaving out one of the bigger pieces which is, when you actually made the acquisition you weren't really paying for or anticipating that rates were going to go up. And as rates have now started to move higher, there is a benefit of the margin on the FirstMerit deposits was something that you really weren't counting on, which is a revenue enhancement. And I think the end result of that is when you look at your return on tangible common equity target it was 13% to 15%. You're saying you're already going to be at 15% and you kind of roll these net benefits into 2018, I think you're kind of rounding up to around 16% as you look into next year. So, I think some of that delta on the favorable could just be out of the deposits that you're being able to get the profitability from.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: That's another great point. I think one of the real benefits of the FirstMerit acquisition was the quality of the core deposit base. On the retail side, in particular, but also in the commercial side. And tremendous value creation, if you think about that, that deposit base and where the rate environment is going. So clearly, a big benefit to the value of the transaction, and we probably should talk about that more.
Marty Mosby III - Vining-Sparks IBG L.P.: And just humor one last question, if you think of the credit, your guidance kind of assumes the  kind of just a general deterioration, but there's really nothing in the portfolio that suggest charge-offs in the low 20 should be mid-30s until we kind of get some deterioration. So, is this really just kind of a general over the cycle, we're going to be somewhere in this 35 basis points to 55 basis points? And really if you look at where we're at and that this current environment sustains itself, isn't there an opportunity to remain below that guided range for a period of time?
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. Marty, this is Dan. I do believe that we will remain below the range. Although, one thing to keep in mind is even if gross charge-offs don't increase materially, the recoveries that we have available to us are shrinking just because we have not had significant charge-offs over the last few years. So, I think that's one component, that again, I think the increase will be modest and gradual. But nonetheless, I don't think it's reasonable to anticipate that we're going to sustain these levels long term.
Marty Mosby III - Vining-Sparks IBG L.P.: Thanks.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Marty.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Marty.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Emlen Harmon with JMP Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Emlen Harmon - JMP Securities LLC: Good morning. Steve, could you  hey  Steve, could you talk a little bit about your appetite for M&A with FirstMerit effectively kind of fully integrated here? And what kind of opportunity you would need to see to be interested?
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Well, let's back up, we completed the expense side of this. But as we have been sharing, we have a lot of revenue synergy, and that is not complete. And there's also the full assimilation, the culture getting the company set, so we're very, very focused. Our first priority is to get that FirstMerit revenue as we go through 2018.
Emlen Harmon - JMP Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then if John kind of beat the dead horse on loan demand, I'm going to maybe kick it a little bit. But you mentioned a few times tax reform as a hang-up on demand. Seems like we've also got just kind of building uncertainty regarding the country status in NAFTA at least as far as the headlines are concerned. I guess, with Michigan and Ohio, two of the bigger exporters to North America, have you guys kind of  are you guys talking to your borrower base at all just in terms of how that's impacting demand for those borrowers and if you thought about just on exposure there of the exporting community?
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: That's a great point. There's clearly an impact in our footprint. There's a sense of optimism that the NAFTA negotiations are going to get to a rational conclusion. So, I would start with that. And I think I mentioned this earlier, auto is going to have its fifth best year, we believe, in history. So, there's a stability on some of the engines here as we think about going forward. And then, the diversification of the economy, just the sheer scale of the economies in our footprint are huge factors that help contribute to our optimism in terms of going forward.
Emlen Harmon - JMP Securities LLC: Great. Thanks. Thanks for taking the questions.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Emlen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Moss with FBR Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey. Good morning, guys. This is actually Kyle Peterson on for Steve today.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hi, Kyle.
Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I wondered if you could touch on the NIM outlook, both kind of the core and the GAAP in the fourth quarter given that it looks like accretion will take a leg down here. I guess are we looking at maybe a stable-ish core NIM, and then kind of GAAP goes down with the  given the accretion or how should we think about that?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. I would say that we're going to continue to see the reported NIM decline because accretion is going to change or decline from here. But I think the core NIM is going to continue to expand even in a flat rate environment assumption that we're making. So, really, fourth quarter will fall into that trend, I believe. And as we move into 2018 even in the unchanged rate scenario, I think we see expansion in the core.
Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. So, I guess to follow up on that, is the core expansion, is that mix shift or are you guys seeing favorable pricing, or kind of what's driving the core NIM expansion in a flat rate environment?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. So, we basically just have asset portfolios being replaced at higher yields as we see runoff and replacement, so we're originating at higher yields relative to where we were a year ago. So, I think that's the primary driver in what we're seeing.
Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. And is that  that's both on the loans and securities or just one or the other?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Both categories, loans and securities.
Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: All right. Great. Thank you, guys.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Kyle.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Long with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Good morning, everyone.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Good morning, Dave.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Moving to liability side of the balance sheet, looking at deposits, you guys had a very good quarter there on the deposit growth. And I wanted to see if you could talk about any promotions or changes in pricing that may have impacted the growth there, and then given the slowdown in loan expectations, what you'd expect out of that deposit growth going forward.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. Dave, it's Mac. So, I would say nothing really in the way of promotions we did, and I mentioned this in the script. We did look at some pricing on the commercial side in order to grow some of our balances there and retain some balances that we thought was a good tradeoff relative to wholesale funding. So, I would tell you that, on the margin, we probably did increase price on the commercial side in the quarter. But we saw a nice benefit from doing that relative to the cost of wholesale funding. And going forward, I would tell you that I think it's stable and steady in terms of what we've seen, and how we think about the funding from a core perspective on both the consumer and the commercial side going forward. That will depend, of course, on what happens with the Fed and when we see rate increases, if we see rate increases, but as I mentioned earlier, we see our market being very rational from a pricing perspective, and not a lot of pressure on the liquidity side right now.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Excellent. Thanks for the color, Mac. That's all I have.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks, Dave.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Dave.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens, Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Terry J. McEvoy - Stephens, Inc.: Thanks. Good morning.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hey, Terry.
Terry J. McEvoy - Stephens, Inc.: Hi. Within the original FirstMerit merger model, you assumed a 3%, call it, core increase in annual operating expenses, and as we think about 2018, is that still a good number to use as it relates to just core growth? And then, could you help me understand the seasonality on the expense line next year? Will there be a bump up in maybe the first half of the year, and then drift lower implying maybe 4Q 2018 would be below that of the earlier quarters of the year?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah, Terry. So, we're working through 2018 right now, and I think the way we think about building a budget we start with an unchanged rate environment, and we get the revenue side of the equation right based upon where we see loan growth coming in, and obviously, some of the investments we've made in FirstMerit and fee income categories. And then, we determine what we can spend from an expense perspective based on the investments that we want to make. And we do continue to make the right investments in the business. And of course, we go the normal cost associated with our colleagues in infrastructure and the whole nine yards. So we did assume 3% in the FirstMerit merger model. That's not a bad number to think about on a long-term basis. As I mentioned earlier, we do get additional benefits from the cost take-outs on a full-year basis in 2018. So that should be considered as well. On a seasonality basis, we typically see higher expenses in the second quarter and that has to do with a couple of things. We have the Merit change for our colleagues in the second quarter. We also have some onetime impacts from compensation, equity compensation hitting in the second quarter as well. And then, typically, the first quarter is a little bit lower than the third and the fourth quarters. So, it's, I would say, lower in the first, higher in the second, and then, from a seasonality perspective, probably drifting down in the third and fourth, this is the way to think about it.
Terry J. McEvoy - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And then just one question  follow-up question. The 38 branches and drive-through locations that were consolidated in the third quarter. Was that originally part of the FirstMerit transaction in the $255 million of cost saves. And I guess the reason I ask is, I didn't see those expenses taken out in the press release in terms of call them a merger and acquisition-related expense.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah, Terry. Those were not a part of the original $255 million. When we announced this, we did disclose that we're reinvesting a good portion of the savings there back into digital and our colleagues. So, I wouldn't expect that you would see a material impact in the run rate from that transaction.
Terry J. McEvoy - Stephens, Inc.: Great. Thanks again.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Terry.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin J. Barker - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks. You brought up the net charge-off guidance, 1 basis point, not a big deal, but you also saw your classified loans to move higher a bit here. Could you just talk about the overall environment for credit and your expectations into 4Q and then into 2018?
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yes. So, I think  this is Dan. I think expectations are fairly stable. We've seen, as you noted, criticized did go up in the quarter, but that didn't incorporate the SNC (57:48) results from the most recent review. We continue to feel we have a very proactive and conservative risk rating. And I think that's underscored by the fact that you haven't seen the migration into nonaccruals, and then ultimately into charge-offs. So, while the criticized loans were up, still feel that the portfolio is in really good shape, although we're at historic lows in many of our metrics. And I think that, as I mentioned earlier with less recoveries on the charge-off front, that is  we're going to see a mild and gradual increase there. But, overall, we feel very good about the portfolio and look for stability in the quarters to come.
Kevin J. Barker - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And then, a follow-up on some of the revenue growth numbers or at least in the loan growth that questions have been asked. In regards to your ability to continue to generate operating leverage going into 2018, do you still require some type of loan growth in the mid-single digits or can you continue to generate that operating leverage given the expense saving programs that you have in place even if loan growth comes in at the lower end of your expectations?
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. Kevin, I believe we can continue to generate positive operating leverage. And in particular, in 2018, you have to consider the revenue synergies that we're getting out of FirstMerit. Investments we've made in the fee income businesses in particular on the Huntington side there that are taking hold. And we do continue to have good consumer loan growth of very high quality and attractive growth rates. So, feel confident that we'll see positive operating leverage.
Kevin J. Barker - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you.
Howell D. McCullough III - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thank you.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Wedbush Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Peter J. Winter - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Good morning.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Good morning, Peter.
Peter J. Winter - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Just given the comments that you're a little bit more cautious on commercial real estate and you've had good success expanding the indirect auto into other markets. Is that something that you would  you think about ramping up that expansion of the indirect auto going to newer markets?
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Peter, it's Steve Steinour. We like the footprint presence we have. We do not anticipate expanding into any new markets at this time.
Peter J. Winter - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then, just very quickly, follow-up. Can you talk about how it's going in the newer markets of Chicago and Wisconsin, and are you seeing more potential revenue opportunities there?
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Well, we do see growth and revenue opportunities. We've had a very good start to small business lending, SBA lending, in particular, we're number two in Chicago, on units and dollars, and number two and three in Wisconsin on units and dollars, and that's from a zero start. So that has ramped up quickly. Our residential mortgage lending is ramping up. We'll be adding to the team, including in the fourth quarter on resi mortgage. We like what we have seen from the commercial teams. We had some great talent joining us from FirstMerit, so feel really pleased with how that team is performing, the commercial teams, how they're performing. And then the branches themselves, the consumer businesses, are doing well and holding deposits and growing our customer base. So, pleased with the positions we've inherited in both states.
Peter J. Winter - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Peter.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Steve Steinour for any closing remarks.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So, we produced solid results in the third quarter and I'm confident we're going to finish the year strong. Our strategies are working and the execution of our goals continue to drive positive results. We expect to continue to gain market share and grow share of wallet. Our top priorities are growing our core businesses and realizing the revenue synergies from FirstMerit. The integration of FirstMerit is substantially complete with the announced expense reductions fully implemented. We expect the fourth quarter run rate to demonstrate these benefits, and we expect to achieve all of our long-term financial goals in the fourth quarter of 2017 and into 2018. Finally, I always like to include a reminder that there's high level of alignment between the board, management and our colleagues, and our shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively one of the largest shareholders of Huntington. We have hold the retirement requirements on certain shares, so we will continue to proactively manage risks and volatility and are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. Thank you all for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth - Director, Investor Relations Mac McCullough - Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Steve Steinour - President, Chief Executive Officer Dan Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Ken Usdin - Jefferies Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets Kevin Reevey - D.A. Davidson Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffrey  Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Huntington Bancshares Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to your host, Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin.
Mark Muth: Thank you. Welcome. Im Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on the IR website, of Huntingtons website huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer will also be participating in the Q&A portion of todays call. As noted on Slide 2, todays discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and 8-K filings. Lets get started by turning to Slide 3 and an overview of the second quarter results. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. We are very pleased with our second quarter financial performance, including record net income and we continue to make solid progress with the FirstMerit integration completing the remaining FirstMerit Systems conversions during the quarter. Steve will provide a more detailed update on the integration later in the call. During the quarter, we also received the results for the annual Dodd-Frank Act Stress Test and the annual CCAR process. We believe our DFAST credit losses distinguish Huntington among our peers again this year. Our cumulative stress losses and a severely adverse scenario were the fourth lowest, our third consecutive year to be among the four lowest regional banks. We also received no objection from the Federal Reserve to our proposed capital plans submitted and the CCAR process. The capital plan includes an increase in the cash dividend from $0.08 per share to $0.11 per share beginning with the fourth quarter of 2017 dividend, subject to board approval at that time, and a repurchase of up to 308 million of common stock over the fourth quarter period through June of 2018. The reinstatement of the buyback is an important milestone for Huntington as we have completely replenished our CET1 capital ratio following the strategic capital deployments in the FirstMerit transaction. Lets now turn to Slide 3 and review second quarter results. Please keep in mind that all year-over-year comparisons will benefit from the inclusion of FirstMerit as the acquisition closed during the third quarter of 2016. Huntington recorded earnings per common share of $0.23 for the second quarter of 2017, up 21% over the year ago quarter. This is inclusive of $0.03 per share of significant items related to the FirstMerit acquisition, which also impacted the financial metrics that I will highlight on this slide. Also including the significant impact of significant items, return on assets was 1.09%, return on common equity was 10.6%, and return on tangible common equity was 14.4%. Tangible book value per share decreased 8% from the year ago quarter to $6.74. Tangible book value per share was up 3% sequentially from the first quarter. Total revenue increased $295 million or 37% year-over-year, which included 47% growth in net interest income and 20% growth in non-interest income. Non-interest expense increased $171 million or up 33% year-over-year. Non-interest expense adjusted for the year-over-year change in significant items increased 141 million or 28% year-over-year, reflecting the addition of FirstMerit and ongoing investments in technology, including digital, mobile, and cyber and ongoing investments in our colleagues. Our reported efficiency ratio for the quarter was 62.9%.However net acquisition related expenses added 4.6 percentage points to the efficiency ratio. Adjusting for the significant items, the adjusted efficiency ratio was 58.3%. The reconciliation for this number can be found on Slide 16. Moving onto the balance sheet, average total loans grew 30% year-over-year, while average core deposit growth fully funded loan growth increasing by 39% year-over-year. Credit quality remained strong with improvement in the quarter. Consistent prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntingtons core principles and our financial results continue to reflect our disciplined risk management. Net charge-offs were 21 basis points of average loans remaining well below our long-term financial goal of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. This was up from 13 basis points in the year ago quarter, but down slightly from 24 basis points in the first quarter of 2017 consistent with normal seasonality. The NPA ratio decreased by 32 basis points from a year ago benefiting in part from the impact of purchase accounting and the acquired portfolio. We managed the bank with an aggregate moderate to low risk appetite and our results continue to illustrate disciplined focus on risk management. Finally, our capital ratios continue to increase. As of quarter-end, our CET1 ratio was 9.88%, well within our 9% to 10% operating guideline. While our TCE ratio was 7.41%. As I mentioned previously, our CET1 ratio is now above our pre-FirstMerit level from year ago, while other capital ratios continue to replenish. Turning to Slide 4, total revenue was up 37% from the year ago quarter, primarily driven by net interest income, which was up 47% reflecting the addition of FirstMerit and disciplined organic growth. The net interest margin was 3.31% for the second quarter, up 25 basis points from a year ago and up 1 basis point on a linked quarter basis. Purchased accounting had a favorable impact of 15 basis points on a net interest margin in the second quarter, compared to 16 basis points in the first quarter. Non-interest income increased 20% year-over-year. We continue to see good growth in service charges on deposit accounts in card and payment processing revenue. Both of which reflect the FirstMerit acquisition, as well as organic customer acquisition and continue to increase customer debit and credit card activity. Non-interest expense increased 33% year-over-year. Significant items again impacted both 2017 and 2016 second quarter expenses. For the second quarter of 2017, acquisition related expense totaled $50 million. Adjusted non-interest expense in the first quarter grew 28% from the year ago quarter primarily from the inclusion of FirstMerit. Compared to the first quarter of 2017, adjusted non-interest expense increased 10 million or 2%, driven primarily by the seasonal increase in marketing and the seasonal increase in personnel expense, related to the implementation of annual merit increases and long-term incentive grants in the second quarter. These increases were partially offset by the benefits from the FirstMerit cost takeouts. For a closer look at the details behind these calculations, please refer to the reconciliations on Page 15 of the presentation slides or in the release. Let me also reiterate, we remain on track to achieve the $255 million of annual expense savings that we communicated when we announced the FirstMerit acquisition. With the successful FirstMerit conversion and branch consolidations, particularly with respect to consumer deposit retention positioned us to re-examine our physical distribution sooner than we would have otherwise expected. As a result of this review, we recently announced the planned consolidation of 38 branches, plus seven drive-through only locations. All of which are expected to close late in the third quarter. These locations included both the legacy Huntington and legacy FirstMerit branches.  This could be viewed as a modest upsizing of our cost savings expectations by a couple million dollars per quarter. However, the additional servings are not expected to fall to the bottom line as we have recently accelerated some of our ongoing technology investments, especially digital. Slide 5 illustrates that we are well on our way to delivering positive operating leverage again in 2017. You're accustomed to hearing us talk about this every quarter stressing how important annual positive operating leverage is to us as a company. In 2016, we enjoyed our fourth consecutive year of positive operating leverage and we remain confident that 2017 will be the fifth consecutive year. Moving to Slide 6, average earning assets grew 35% from the year ago quarter. This increase was driven primarily by a 56% increase in average securities and a 31% increase in average C&I loans. The increase in average securities reflected the addition of FirstMerit's portfolio, the reinvestment of cash flows, including the proceeds of the auto securitization in the fourth quarter of 2016, and additional investments in liquidity coverage ratio Level 1 qualifying securities. During the second quarter, average total loans increased about 0.5%, compared to the prior quarter. On a period end basis, total loans increased 1.4% or 5.7% annualized. In light of normal seasonality, coupled with our expectations for a modest increase in economic activity in our footprint over the remainder of the year, we are reiterating our expectations for a period end loan growth of 4% to 6% for the full year of 2017. The year-over-year increase in average C&I loans, primarily reflected the FirstMerit acquisition, as well as increases in core little market, especially lending verticals, business banking, and auto core plan. During the second quarter, we continue to face headwinds and corporate banking as a number of these large borrowers paid down their bank debt by accessing the debt markets in order of the lock in current low rates. This quarter also saw an elevated amount of run-off from FirstMerit loans targeted to exit the bank as they did not fit our strategy on risk appetite. These were all loans identified during the due diligence and included both auto floorplan and middle market commercial credits. C&I balances were further impacted by payoffs and paydowns of certain non-performing loans helping to drive a 9% sequential decline in non-performing assets. We also experienced paydowns and run-offs within the commercial real estate portfolio, which declined 4% sequentially. Average auto loans increased 12% year-over-year with the second quarter representing another strong quarter of consistent disciplined loan production. Originations totaled 1.7 billion, up 6% year-over-year. Average new money yields on our auto originations were 3.58% in the second quarter up from 3.54% in the prior quarter and up almost 50 basis points from the year ago quarter. Average residential mortgage loans increased 29% year-over-year, as we continue to see strong demand for mortgages across our footprint. As typical, we sold the agency qualified mortgage production in the quarter and retained the jumbo mortgages and specialty mortgage products. Turning our attention to the chart on the right side of Slide 7, average total deposits increased 38% from the year ago quarter, including a 39% increase in average core deposits. Average demand deposits increased 56% year-over-year. We remain pleased with the trend in funding mix, particularly the increase in low-cost DDA. This reflects the addition of FirstMerit's low-cost deposit base, as well as our continuing focus on checking account relationship acquisition. We continue to experience only modest core deposit attrition so far from the FirstMerit acquisition limited primarily to certain governments and corporate deposits. Further, we have had tremendous success on the consumer side as consumer deposits from FirstMerit customers and former FirstMerit branches were up 2% between August 2016 and June 2017. Importantly, we remain ahead of our original pro forma model with respect to retention of deposit balances. Moving to Slide 7, our net interest margin was 331 for the second quarter, up 25 basis points from the year ago quarter. The increase reflected a 34 basis point increase in earning asset yields and a 2 basis point increase in the benefit of non-interest-bearing deposits balance against 11 basis point increase in funding cost. On a linked quarter basis, the net interest margin increased by 1 basis point, driven by 5 basis point improvement in earning asset yields and a 3 basis point increase in the benefit of non-interest-bearing deposits. Firstly, offset by a 7 basis point increase in funding cost. The increase in funding cost was more heavily weighted to wholesale funding as we remain pleased with our ability to successfully lag deposit pricing so far as our cost of total deposits only increased 3 basis points. Purchase accounting contributed 15 basis points to the net interest margin in the second quarter, down from 16 basis points in the prior quarter. After adjusting for this impact the core NIM was 3.16%, compared to 3.14% in the first quarter, also adjusted for the impact of purchase accounting and 3.06% in the second quarter of 2016. The linked quarter comparison improves by approximately 1 basis point, if you adjust for day count. As I just mentioned and calling your attention to the orange line at the bottom of the graph on the left, our cost of total deposits was only 22 basis points for the second quarter. This represents a 6 basis point increase over the year ago quarter and a 3 basis point increase sequentially. Clearly illustrating the strong core deposit base we enjoy and our ability to successfully lag deposit pricing. We have seen consumer and small-business deposit pricing remain relatively steady in the face of recent Fed interest rate hikes. While the majority of pricing pressure has been limited to Government Banking, Corporate Banking, and the upper end of middle market commercial. On our earning asset side, our commercial loan yields increased 57 basis points year-over-year and consumer loan yields increased 48 basis points. On a linked quarter basis, commercial loan yields increased 11 basis points, while consumer loan yields increased 4 basis points. Security yields were relatively flat with both the prior and year ago quarters. Approximately $625 million of asset swaps matured in the second quarter and we intend to continue to allow the remaining swaps to run off by the first quarter of 2018 as scheduled.  Slide 8 shows the expected pretax net impact of first accounting adjustments on an annual forward looking basis. We introduced this slide last fall and believe it is useful in helping you think about purchase accounting accretion going forward. It is important to note that the purchase accounting accretion estimates on this slide are based on current scheduled accretion and accept for what we experienced in the first half of 2017, do not include on the accelerated accretion from the accelerated recapture through early payoffs or extensions in the projected periods. As we have stated previously, and our results in the past four quarters illustrate, in reality we're likely to experience loan extensions and early payoffs resulting in accelerated accretion. Therefore you are likely to see the accretion revenue in the green bars continue to be pulled forward as modifications and early payoffs occur. Let me also remind you that some of the accelerated accretion may be offset by provision expense as acquired FirstMerit loans renew and we establish a loan loss reserve in normal course. As a result, we intend to continue to provide regular updates of this schedule going forward and so the majority of that of purchase accounting accretion has been recognized. Turning to Slide 9, from the very beginning we made it clear that value creation for the FirstMerit acquisition was built upon the significant cost savings inherent in the deal and that our financial positions did not depend on revenue synergies. That said, we believe there is significant revenue enhancement opportunities, some near-term and some longer-term, which will be additive to the baseline economics of the deal. Slide 9 is an update of a slide you have seen numerous times over the past three quarters, discussing our expectations for achieving the full 255 million of annualized cost savings and illustrating our 609 million adjusted noninterest expense target for the fourth quarter of 2017. As we have stated previously, the 609 million adjusted expense target excludes expense from intangible amortization, the FDICs temporary surcharge, and the incremental expense from FirstMerit related revenue enhancement initiatives. The chart on the upper right details these items and provides our initial estimate of the incremental expense from the revenue initiatives, which is about $12 million. As you can see in the chart, on the bottom of the page, we currently estimate a total of $41 million of the total incremental expense from revenue initiatives this year and $50 million in 2018. As I mentioned during last quarter's conference call, we expect the revenue initiatives to have an incremental efficiency ratio of approximately 50% in 2018, and higher this year as the ramp in revenues will naturally lag some of the up cost expense. Slide 10 provides additional detail on the FirstMerit related revenue enhancement opportunities. The bar chart on the top of the slide displays our current targets for additional revenue from the initiatives, which are detailed below. In 2017, the revenue ramp corresponds with incremental hiring and the corresponding increase in production. For 2018, we are targeting the 100 million of total revenue enhancements that we have discussed since we announced the deal. The bottom half of the slide details some of the specific revenue enhancement opportunities we have discussed on prior presentations. First, there is a significant opportunity to deepen our relationships with legacy FirstMerit customers utilizing our optimal customer relationship or OCR strategy, our more robust products and capabilities and our deep commitment to excellent customer service. We are encouraged by the early progress and we'll build on this long-term opportunity through focused execution. Next, our interest into Chicago and Wisconsin represent attractive opportunities in two areas where weve made significant investments and developed strong capabilities. SBA lending and mortgage banking. Our past results illustrate that SBA lending is at a distinctive area of expertise in strength for Huntington. Were excited to expand our SBA expertise into these new markets, especially Chicago where there are more small businesses in the entire states of Ohio or Michigan. Were fully staffed on SBA lenders and these two new markets and we are highly confident in our success based on our initial results. In fact, as of June, Huntington has increased from basically zero presence a year ago to the number four most active SBA 7 A lender in both Illinois and Wisconsin. We also feel there is an opportunity to expand our mortgage banking business in these markets and our overlap markets.  We have made significant investments in our mortgage banking platform in the past few years and the expansion provides further opportunity to leverage our enhanced capabilities. Again, we have already added new mortgage lenders in these new markets and are especially pleased with the talent and production we are seeing out of the Chicago market. Finally, we believe there is an opportunity to expand FirstMerit's attractive recreational vehicle and marine finance business. Nick Stanutz, who is the head of our highly successful auto finance business, runs RV and marine finance with the same discipline, risk management protocols, and in some cases technology that he applies to our super prime auto finance business. We have expanded this business from its prior 17 state footprint to 34 states and the early results are already exceeding our business plan. Slide 11 illustrates the continued progress weve made in rebuilding our regulatory capital ratios following the FirstMerit acquisition. Common Equity Tier 1 or CET1 ended the quarter at 9.88%, up 8 basis points year-over-year. We have mentioned previously that our operating guideline for CET1 is the 9% to 10% range. Tangible Common Equity ended the quarter at 7.41%, down 55 basis points year-over-year, but up 13 basis points linked quarter. Moving to Slide 12, we book provision expense of $25 million in the second quarter, compared to net charge-offs of $36 million. The lower provision expense this quarter reflected the overall improvement in credit quality and reduced purchase accounting market amortization. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 21 basis points of average loans and leases, which remains below our long-term target of 35 basis to 55 basis points. Net charge-offs were down three basis points from the prior quarter, and up 8 basis points from the year ago quarter. As usual, there is additional granularity on charge-off by portfolio in the analyst package on the slides. In particular, I would point out to you the improvement in auto net charge-offs this quarter. The ACL as a percentage of loans decreased 3 basis points linked quarter to 1.11%, but the NAL coverage ratio increased to 207% as a result of the 9% linked quarter decline in nonaccrual loans. Overall asset quality metrics remained strong. Non-performing assets decreased $43 million or 9% linked quarter. The NPA ratio is 7 basis points sequentially to 61 basis points. The criticized asset ratio decreased 6 basis points from 3.72% to 3.66%. Our 90-day plus delinquencies remained essentially flat. We also continue to experience lower NPA inflows in the third quarter in a row. Let me now turn the presentation over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Mac, and good morning to all of you. We are on the home stretch of our prepared remarks. So moving to the economies, Slide 14, we illustrate selective key economic indicators for our footprint. We previously noted our regional footprint has outperformed the rest of the nation during the economic recovery over the last several years and I remain bullish on the outlook for the local economies across our eight states. The bottom left chart illustrates trends in the unemployment rates across our footprint and as you can see unemployment rates across the majority of our footprint continue to trend favorably. The charts on the top and bottom right show coincident and leading economic indicators for the region. As shown on the top chart five of the eight states in our footprint produced stronger economic growth in the nation as a whole and during three months through May, which is the most recent date available. Further as depicted in the bottom chart, the leading indexes for our footprint as of May showed that 78 states expect positive economic growth over the next six months. Slide 15 illustrates trends and unemployment rates for our 10 largest deposit markets in many of the large MSAs, the footprint remains at or near 15 year lows for unemployment as of the end of May. The labor markets in our footprint have proven to be strong with several markets such as here in Columbus and in Indianapolis and Grand Rapids, where we see labor shortages. Now we've previously noted that we are seeing wage inflation in our expense base and our customers are too. Housing markets across the footprint continue to display broad-based home price inflation, while remaining in some of the most affordable markets in the US. There are also exciting pockets of innovation centers developing in our footprint, including here in Columbus, in Pittsburgh, and in Ann Harbor Michigan, for example. In fact there is a recent article in the New York Times discussing some of the innovation centers are related to the auto industry. I can tell you that the transportation research Centre at Ohio State is world-class and is incredibly significant to the future of mobile, of AV for auto. So the research and development related to these centers adds an exciting element to the economic outlook for our footprint. And finally we continue to see optimism across our consumer and business customer base. Our loan pipelines have remained steady. We continue to expect that economic activity and thus loan production will modestly improve in the second half of the year. So lets turn to Slide 16 for some closing remarks and important messages. Weve delivered good results in the second quarter, a record quarter of net income. Our financial performance in the first half of the year was solid, and we successfully completed the FirstMerit system systems conversions. Were very focused on driving revenue and achieving the financial benefits inherent in the FirstMerit acquisition. We remain focused on delivering consistent through the cycle shareholder returns and the strategy entails reducing short-term volatility and achieving top tier performance over the long-term and maintaining our aggregate moderate to low risk profile throughout. We were pleased with the DFAST and CCAR results released in June, which provided important industry comparisons and illustrates our strong enterprise risk management and our discipline to operate within our credit risk appetite. The non-objection from the Fed to CCAR capital plan sets us up to significantly increase our cash dividend for the fourth quarter or for the fourth consecutive year and reinstate our buyback program. The FirstMerit acquisition accelerated our ability to achieve our long-term financial goals and with the integration largely complete, we expect to deliver against the goals this year, as well as next year. We remain on pace to deliver our targeted $255 million of annual cost savings from the acquisition with a only limited number left to be implemented in the third quarter. All remaining cost savings will be completed by the third quarter as originally communicated. We also continue to execute on the significant revenue enhancement opportunities, including the SBA, and home lending expenses in Chicago and Wisconsin, and the RV and marine lending expansion. This is combined with the OCR opportunity from bringing our superior products and services to our expanded customer base. All of which have been discussed on previous earnings calls and investor conferences. It is very exciting to build on these initiatives and to see them perform at these levels. We continue to execute on delivering a differentiated customer experience built upon our welcome culture and our relationship focus to drive sustained core deposit and loan growth.  Weve invested and as weve often indicated we will continue to invest in our businesses, particularly within our customer facing teams and in mobile and digital technologies, as well as data and analytics. Importantly, we plan to continue to appropriately manage our expenses within our revenue outlook. We have shown agility in the past to adjust expenses when conditions or outlook changes and we will do so in the future. Finally, I would like to include a reminder that there is a high level of alignment between the board, management, our colleagues and our shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively the fifth largest shareholder of Huntington. We have holder retirement requirements on certain shares and are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. Our outlook for the full year of 2017 is unchanged from what we shared with you at year end and last quarter. We continue to expect total revenue growth in excess of 20% consistent with our long-term financial goal we are targeting annual positive operating leverage. We expect average balance sheet growth also in excess of 20%, and we expect to fully implement all of the $255 million in annualized cost savings from the FirstMerit acquisition by the third quarter. Finally, we expect asset quality metrics to remain near current levels, including net charge-offs remaining below our long-term target of 35 basis point to 55 basis points. So with that, Ill turn it back over to you Mark, so we can get to your questions.
Mark Muth: Thanks Steve. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ken Usdin from Jefferies. You may state your question.
Ken Usdin : Hi thanks, good morning. 
Mac McCullough: Good morning Ken.
Steve Steinour : Good morning Ken.
Ken Usdin: Mac, just wondering just on the loan growth outlook, I know you talked about the pay downs in commercial and theory, and you know just wondering are you expecting loans to get better as you go through the second half to get to the to 4% to 6% range and are you still contemplating at auto securitization within that 4% to 6% outlook? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks Ken. Yes, so we do expect the second half of the year to improve from organic growth perspective, and we did have the headwinds that we talked about with the FirstMerit exits, were all - all were anticipated. We actually identified during the due diligence process and I would tell you that there is probably 200 million there that came out in the quarter. We do anticipate an auto securitization yet this year, which is included in the 4% to 6% guidance that weve given and we would tell you that the pipelines are where weve seen them in terms of the strength and whats coming through. So, again we do expect to see some improvement as the year progresses.
Steve Steinour: We also had Ken about 2% drop in commercial utilization. So, a fair amount of headwinds in the second quarter with the combination of those factors and we came through that and so the pipeline as we sit here today reflects essentially what we had at the end of the first quarter and we think a lot of the headwinds have been adjusted.
Ken Usdin: Okay. And just a follow-up on another start of the balance sheet, so Mac, your point about the reserve build related to the FirstMerit new loans, this quarter you had not only really low charge-offs, but a reserve release. So can you just try to walk us through what are these components moving on and do we kind of go back to the reserve builds or this one seem to be a zag within that broader commentary of continuing to expect the reserve to build over time? Thanks
Dan Neumeyer: Hi Ken, this is Dan. So this was an unusual quarter for us. So, obviously we did have the credit quality improvements, particularly in C&I, the big reduction in nonaccrual loans of about 9%. The interesting thing was this quarter a number of those loans had large specific reserves tied to them. So, a largest single specific reserve we got paid out of that credit and then we had a couple - two of a next three largest credits where energy deals where we had pay downs of the loans and improvement in the collateral and cash flows negating the needs for a specific results on those. So that combination was an unusual dynamics. So on a go forward basis, we would expect that natural accrual. We would expect, as weve said a slow and gradual move back towards the coverage ratios you would have seen prior to the FirstMerit deal. Think about charge-offs, plus some room for a growing portfolio is how we think about it.
Steve Steinour: Ken, I would point out that we had good performance in auto so across the board the metrics was really was quite strong. It is unusual were literally everything comes positive in the given quarter, and in this - so we have one of those. This is exceptional and not the norm.
Ken Usdin: Understood, good to see the underlying there as well. So, thanks Steve.
Steve Steinour: Absolutely. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Ken.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Moss with FBR Capital Market. You may proceed.
Kyle Peterson: Hi guys, this is actually Kyle Peterson on for Steve today. I was wondering if you could start on margin, specifically kind of the core when you kind of strip out the accretion. Got a couple of bps of expansion in this quarter, I was wondering what you guys were kind of thinking between loan and deposit side benefit from June rate hike?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Kyle, we are going to continue to see expansion in the core margin. We haven't seen all of the benefit in the loans side from the June increase and we continue to manage the cost of deposits really well as you can see with the 3 basis points increase on a linked quarter basis. So, clearly we think that there is expansion in the core margin from here, and adjusting for day basis in the second quarter were probably up 3 basis points from the first quarter.
Kyle Peterson: Okay great. And then I guess if you could just expand a little bit on that, kind of on the swaps I know you guys have been pouring back some of that exposure, just kind of potential impacts that could have on NIM with any future rate hikes kind of once those are all rolled off?
Steve Steinour: Yes, so the asset swaps continue to roll off as scheduled and we don't have any plans to replace those. Were currently about 6.4% asset sensitive and actually without the asset swaps it only has the 10th of a percent to asset sensitivity. So really the asset swaps are pretty much a non-event at this point.
Kyle Peterson: Okay great. Thanks guys.
Steve Steinour: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Siefers from Sandler O'Neill & Partners. You may proceed.
Scott Siefers: Good morning guys.
Mac McCullough: Hi, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Hi Mac, quick question. First of all, thank you guys for adding those slides 9 and 10 with the 4Q expense expectation as well as, sort of the walk forward on revenue side, I dont mean to pin you down too much on the near term expectation Mac, but could you kind of walk us through the expense trajectory for the remainder of the year? Because I guess, what is implied is, you come down a little from this quarters, call it $645 million to the $639 million in the reminder of the year and just there were a few puts and takes, right, I guess you have seasonally upgraded in a couple of areas in the 2Q, but then you also presumably have the branch consolidation benefits, I think, though you said there is some offset on the digital and investment side. So, how should we expect expenses to progress through the remainder of this year?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Scott, so a few things, I mean, we are highly confident in the 609 for the fourth quarter excluding the intangible amortization and the FirstMerit revenue initiatives. The second quarter that we're looking at is seasonally higher, we have merit increases in this quarter, we have the impact of some stock compensation expense that hits this quarter that one-time in nature as it relates to the year, and we also had some seasonally higher marketing this quarter. So, those three things alone are probably $10 million to $15 million, closer to $15 million. So, very confident as we move from this level down to the 609 in the fourth quarter as I described.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right. I think that actually does it for me. Thats a helpful walk there, I appreciate that.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Scott.
Operator: Okay. Our next question is from Jon Arfstrom from RBC Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Jon Arfstrom: Thanks, good morning guys.
Mac McCullough: Hi Jon.
Jon Arfstrom: I did have a bigger question, but I just wanted to ask on the swaps, Mac. During the details, it looks like the swaps maybe cost you a little bit of money on commercial loan yield this quarter. Am I looking at that correctly?
Mac McCullough: That would be correct.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. And is it a bit of a headwind again in Q3 and Q4? And then as we see these swaps roll off, it's maybe helpful in 2018 to commercial loan yields?
Mac McCullough: Yes absolutely. It will be a headwind through the first quarter of 2018, really pretty small in the scheme of things and then once they are got we get the full benefit of the rate increase coming through and the adjustable rate C&I levels.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, okay. Good, that helps. On the incremental reduction in branches, Steve, do you view this as a onetime item? Or is this something that's ongoing? And could we see more of this as things progress?
Steve Steinour: Jon, weve been suggesting that we would review the branches like any good retailer, periodically. We tend to do it about every year and the track record would show a fairly consistent period of activity between every year, year and a half for the last 5, 6 years. So, we will continue to operate with that, and again like any good retailer we will be looking at our distribution. We are seeing continued - in particular mobile take-up by our customers both consumers and businesses, it is one of the reasons were investing more, if you will, accelerating some of our plans, and so you could expect to see more distribution consolidation from us over time.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay.
Steve Steinour: We remain Jon with number one branch here in Ohio and Michigan. So, you think about that over an extended period of time and as this transition to more and more mobile occurs, I think it gives us a really significant, set of opportunities over time.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Does this change your thinking at all on distribution in Chicago, in terms of maybe looking at a more digital expansion of your retail business in Chicago?
Steve Steinour: It doesn't change our strategy because it has all been consistent. We are looking for niche opportunities, principally business focused. We are not going to run the same play in Chicago that were doing in Ohio and Michigan in terms of dense distribution. We will, so we do think of Ohio, Chicago as an opportunity to pilot some of what we want to get done with mobile. And we will continue to use it on that basis. The combination of mobile and digital and data and analytics in a market as dense as Ohio is very attractive to us with the current distribution. Were subscale, I don't think we are highly unlikely to build it out. So, we will be coming at it differently.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. All right. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Jon.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Reevey with D.A. Davidson. You may proceed.
Kevin Reevey: Good morning guys.
Steve Steinour: Good morning Kevin.
Kevin Reevey: So it looks like second quarter you had some very strong performance in your capital markets business, whats the pipeline going forward into the third quarter, do you expect this line of business to continue to remain strong as this is kind of more seasonal than anything else?
Mac McCullough: Kevin we had a really good quarter in the second quarter and a lot of that activity can be tied to either market circumstances volatility or commercial activity, and as we have said we think the commercial activity in the second half of the year is better than the first half or will be and we are also pretty good start in the quarter.
Kevin Reevey: And then my last question is related to deposit price, it sounds like you were able to continue the lag your deposit pricing in the quarter, which had helped you a little bit on the margin, how many rate hikes do you think that will take before you will have to kind of start moving your deposit pricing up?
Mac McCullough: Kevin it is going to be really based on whats happening in the marketplace. We are seeing a little bit more competition in our markets, but feel very confident in our core deposit base because of the strategy that weve put in place in 2010, around building relationships with the quality of the fair play product sets and mindset, and how do we actually serves the customer.  We think it feels us with an advantage in times like this when we see increases in deposit pricing and we can maybe lag a little bit more than the competition even. We are really pleased with what we have been able to do so far. The deposit betas are very attractive for us at this point in time, but I would think by that time we get at least the second increase from here, we will see a bit more pressure in whats happening.
Kevin Reevey: Great, thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. You may proceed.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hi good morning, thank you for taking the question. I wondered if you could speak a little bit more about auto, you had some growth this quarter, what its your appetite for growing auto like at the moment and how is the competitive environment shaping up?
Steve Steinour: Geoff we remain highly confident in the quality of what were underwriting. Were very, very disciplined and you see the statistics every quarter. The credit quality performance, theres been an anxiety around auto for last three years. The credit quality performance and the consistency of it, I think its clearly coming through, as it did in this quarter in particular. And so we will we have limits in place in terms of what we believe on balance sheet, we use securitization as an outlet.  We will continue to do that. As you heard Mac talk about it, it is not a business where we expect to adjust the limits that we have now. We will operate within those guidelines. We ramped it up a bit post Q3 and just believe then that with our discipline on credit that we were getting our better risk return trade-off than what was available in securities. So we continue to believe that as we look at the business today and prepare it to alternative risk returns.
Geoffrey Elliott: And on the competitive side, how things are shaping up there, we have seen some of the other banks pulling back a bit, is that creating opportunities?
Steve Steinour: There is a - this industry cycle is on the finance side, and we think were entering one of the more attractive periods. Like 2010, 2011, 2012 were attractive. So there is a bit less competition, as others pull back. Those that bought deep are clearly feeling the challenges from the credit risk they took and so a combination of factors, I think we are making it even more interesting to us prospectively. We are also applying some of our data and analytics to this portfolio. Weve been managing with some unique tools over the last year and a half. We think we are making better trade-off decisions, and pricing clearly has gone up as we referenced it is up about 50 basis points of Q2 last year to this year.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great, thank you very much.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffrey. You may proceed.
Kevin Barker: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Hi Kevin.
Kevin Barker: In regards to the comment about the swaps earlier, would you expect some of that incremental interest income or at least the interest headwind to start to be released over third and fourth quarter before the swaps actually expire in the first quarter or is it something just where it just happens as a full maturity in the first quarter? 
Mac McCullough: Well it is basically will run off pro rata along with the run off of the swaps themselves.
Steve Steinour: It is very laddered.
Mac McCullough: It is. So its very gradual from this point to the first quarter of 2018. It is actually a very small amount in the first quarter of 2018.
Kevin Barker: So at the short end of your current stay is, or that stay is stable, from where it is today and so the first quarter, how much of a tail wind would you expect on interest income?
Steve Steinour: Related to the swaps?
Kevin Barker: Yes.
Mac McCullough: It is a very small number. I think its probably 1 million or 2 million. I mean it is not large at all.
Steve Steinour: The specific details will be in the footnotes in the Q, here in a few weeks.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And then in regards to the revenue synergies that you are generating off of the $50 million investment, what specifically have you seen so far in the second quarter start to benefit and start to come through on the income statement?
Steve Steinour: Well we obviously have our mortgage production and pipelines and we are seeing that flow-through very significantly. FirstMerit was not an SBA lender, so for us to be number three in Chicago, four in Chicago depending on what you want to measure, and same with Wisconsin, thats all a result of the initiatives. Were starting to break out some of the RV marine portfolio, as well for as you can see the growth in that portfolio, and its a portfolio that has performed very well through the cycle for FirstMerit. And we have some experience in terms of the team we put in place, about two years ago now to help us understand and manage that. So we are able to leverage the skill sets and technology is somewhat in auto and apply it to that book as well. So we see in terms of broadly the OCR activity whether its cross sell of products. At the branch level or through phone or other distribution channels were able to track that and we see that coming on as well. So, we like what we see occurring now. And there's been a lot of effort to make sure the conversion and integration activities went really well through the first half of this year. So, second half is entirely a focus on driving that revenue further.
Dan Neumeyer: And Kevin on Slide 10 you can see the progression by quarter of the revenue related to the initiatives for 2017, and you can see it for 2018 as well with the expected expenses with those initiatives on Slide 9.
Kevin Barker: Thank you for taking my question.
Mac McCullough: Thank you.
Mark Muth: Operator, next question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. You may proceed.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. 
Steve Steinour: Hi Marty.
Marty Mosby: Steve I wanted to back up a second because weve been talking about a lot of minutia and details and we really haven't talked about the key results from what youve been able to do with FirstMerit acquisition, and that is the improvement in return on tangible common equity, it is one thing that we don't have a trend in this massive presentation you give out, but yet looking at how thats stepping up. And then, you know Mac you just talk about the impact of the seasonality in expenses, which actually held back this particular quarter, so a step-up from what was a 12% return before the acquisition, now is getting to, when you look into the next quarter and take that seasonality out, something north of 15%, and even could be close to 16% next quarter. So, you are seeing that kind of benefit come through and as you are then going to generate synergies going forward, kind of where do you think we kind of push forward on that particular matter because I think thats the end result of the combination youve made here?
Steve Steinour: Well Marty when we announced the deal, we talked about it as accelerating and enhancing our long-term financial goals and one of those is a TCE, return on TCE of 13% to 15% and at the announcement we suggested we saw our way to the upper end of that. And we in fact expect to deliver that and potentially go beyond it depending on was it occurring in the economy and sort of the interest rate environment, but we are very, very focused on those metrics and thats an important one. May, one of the most important ones for us, and as we have talked before, our board will be reviewing performance against the metrics and coming into next year determining whether they should be adjusted or not.  We do feel this was a very powerful transformational opportunity for us and we think we are executing it very well. So, that combination should put us in a position over just another couple of quarters where we can show without one-time expense or transaction-related expenses, pretty strong performance. Anything to add Mac.
Mac McCullough: I think it sums it up really well. I mean thats one of the reasons why we did the deals, it is obviously a great strategic fit, risk appetite was the right, customers we know, great colleagues and improving the return profile. So, we feel like we're right on track in terms of what we expect.
Marty Mosby: And then Mac, just on a follow-up in that kind of vein is, when you look at the purchase accounting accretion, the way that kind of works out, you have been offsetting most of that benefit from building allowance. This particular quarter you had some events that didn't turn out that particular way, but when you are looking at purchase down accounting accretion versus the eventual synergies that you pick up, its almost like that will schedule that you put down there and show that versus the intangible kind of write-off, you ought to put the synergies on there too, to show the three elements. In other words, the other piece of the puzzle is the synergies you are going to build instead of a positive number thats going to go negative. Over time you actually have the reverse. You have the synergies kind of come in and over swamp this particular diagram. So, again it is a little misleading in a sense it feels like oh my gosh we are accelerating the benefit when in reality you have things offset the PAA as it rolls off.
Mac McCullough: Thats a great observation Marty, and we appreciate you pointing that out.
Marty Mosby: Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Steve Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: Thank you all. The first half of 2017 produced solid results, and as you can tell we are excited about our prospects to finish the second half of the year strong. The integration of FirstMerit is largely complete and we are now focused on the revenue upside. Our success with the integration accelerates the achievement of our long-term financial goals as we were just talking about, and our strategies are clearly working, our execution goals continues to drive good results, and we expect to continue to gain market share and growth share of wallet. So finally, I just want to reiterate that our board and management team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priority is realizing revenue synergies from FirstMerit, as well as growing our core business. And at the same time, we will continue to manage risk and volatility and drive solid consistent long-term performance. We remain optimistic about our future performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington, we appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-19 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen Steinour - President, Chief Executive Officer Mac McCullough - Senior Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Mark Muth - Director, Investor Relations
Analysts: Ken Usdin - Jefferies Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets John Pancari - Evercore ISI Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press star, zero on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference call over to your host, Mr. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, you may begin.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Michelle, and welcome. Im Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington-ir.com, by following the Investor Relations link on www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO, and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer will also be participating in the Q&A portion of todays call.  As noted on Slide 2, todays discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings.  Lets get started by turning to Slide 3 and an overview of the first quarter financials. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks Mark, and thanks to everyone joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. Let me start by saying we are very pleased with what we accomplished in the first quarter. Not only did we deliver solid core financial performance, weve materially completed the FirstMerit systems conversion and branch consolidations over Presidents Day weekend. As Steve will discuss later in the call, both the systems conversion and branch consolidations went very well, and we remain on pace to deliver the expected cost savings and the incremental revenue enhancement opportunities. We continue to expect that the economics of the FirstMerit acquisition will accelerate the achievement of our long-term financial goals. As I discuss first quarter results, please keep in mind that all year-over-year comparisons will benefit from the inclusion of FirstMerit, as the acquisition closed during the third quarter of 2016. With that in mind, let me dive into the financials. On Slide 3, Huntington reported earnings per common share of $0.17 for the first quarter of 2017. This is inclusive of $0.04 per share of significant items related to the FirstMerit acquisition, which also impacted the financial metrics that I will highlight on this slide. Return on assets was 0.84%, return on common equity was 8.2%, and return on tangible common equity was 11.3%. The net interest margin was 3.30%, up 19 basis points year-over-year and 5 basis points compared to the fourth quarter of 2016. Tangible book value per share decreased 8% from the year-ago quarter to $6.55.  Total revenue increased $300 million or 40% year-over-year, which included 45% growth in net interest income and 29% growth in non-interest income. Non-interest expense increased $216 million or 44% year-over-year. Non-interest expense adjusted for the year-over-year change in significant items increased $149 million or 31% year-over-year, reflecting the addition of FirstMerit and ongoing investments in technology and our colleagues. Our reported efficiency ratio for the quarter was 65.7%; however, net acquisition related expense added 6.7 percentage points to the efficiency ratio. The reconciliation for this number can be found on Slide 16. Moving onto the balance sheet, average total loans grew 32% year-over-year while average core deposit growth, fully funded loan growth increasing 39% year-over-year. Credit quality remains strong in the quarter. Consistent prudent credit underwriting is one of Huntingtons core principles and our financial results continue to reflect that. Net charge-offs were 24 basis points of average loans, remaining well below our long-term financial goal of 35 to 55 basis points. This is up from 7 basis points in the year-ago quarter but down slightly from 26 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2016. The non-performing asset ratio decreased by 34 basis points from a year ago, benefiting in part from the impact of purchase accounting and the acquired portfolio. We managed the bank with an aggregate moderate to low risk appetite and our results illustrate this disciplined focus. Finally, our capital ratios continue to increase modestly. As of quarter end, our CET1 ratio was 9.67%, well within our 9% to 10% operating guideline, while our TCE ratio was 7.28%.  Turning to Slide 4, lets take a closer look at the income statement. First quarter revenue was up 40% from the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by net interest income which was up 45%, reflecting the addition of FirstMerit and disciplined organic loan growth. The net interest margin was 3.30% for the fourth quarter, up 19 basis points from a year ago and up 5 basis points on a linked quarter basis. Purchase accounting had a favorable impact of 16 basis points on the net interest margin in the first quarter compared to 18 basis points in the fourth quarter of 2016. Non-interest income increased 29% year-over-year driven by mortgage, trust services and card and payment processing.  Non-interest expense increased 44% year-over-year. Significant items again impacted both the first quarters of 2017 and 2016. For the first quarter of 2017, acquisition related expense totaled $73 million. Adjusted non-interest expense for the first quarter grew 31% from the year-ago quarter. For a closer look at the details behind these calculations, please refer to the reconciliations on Page 15 of the presentation slides or in the release. We remain on track to achieve the $255 million of annual expense savings that were communicated when we announced the FirstMerit acquisition. In total, we consolidated 110 branches during the first quarter or roughly 10% of the branch network. We consolidated 101 branches at systems conversion. In addition, as part of our normal periodic review of our distribution network, we consolidated nine legacy Huntington branches unrelated to the FirstMerit acquisition during the first quarter. Slide 5 shows the expected pre-tax net impact of purchase accounting adjustments on an annual forward-looking basis. We introduced this slide last fall and believe it is useful in helping you think about purchase accounting accretion going forward. It is important to note that the purchase accounting accretion estimates on this slide are based on current scheduled accretion and, except for what we actually experienced in the first quarter of 2017, do not include any accelerated accretion from early payoffs in the projected periods.  As our results for the past three quarters illustrate, in reality we are likely to experience loan modifications and early payoffs resulting in accelerated accretion, therefore you are likely to see the accretion revenue in the green bars continue to be pulled forward as modifications and early payoffs occur. Let me also remind you that some of the accelerated accretion may be offset by provision expense as acquired FirstMerit loans renew and we establish a loan loss reserve in the normal course. As a result, we intend to continue to provide regular updates of this schedule going forward until the majority of the purchase accounting accretion has been recognized. Slide 6 illustrates that we are off to a positive start with respect to delivering positive operating leverage again in 2017. Of course, we talk about this every quarter and stress how important annual positive operating leverage is to us as a company. In 2016, we enjoyed our fourth consecutive year of positive operating leverage and we are confident that 2017 will be the fifth consecutive year. Turning to Slide 7, lets look at balance sheet trends. Average earning assets grew 38% from the year-ago quarter. This increase was driven primarily by a 57% increase in average securities and a 35% increase in average C&I loans. The increase in average securities reflected the addition of FirstMerits portfolio, the reinvestment of cash flows including the proceeds of the auto securitization in the fourth quarter, and additional investments in liquidity coverage ratio Level 1 qualifying securities. The increase in average C&I loans primarily reflected the FirstMerit acquisition as well as increases in core middle market, the specialty lending verticals, business banking, and auto core plan. Offsetting some of this growth, we saw large corporate borrowers pay down their bank debt by tapping the debt markets in order to lock in current low rates. Average auto loans increased 14% year-over-year with the acquired $1.5 billion FirstMerit portfolio essentially offsetting the impact of the $1.5 billion securitization in the fourth quarter. Average new money yields on our auto originations were 3.54% in the first quarter, up approximately 25 basis points from the prior quarter and up about 50 basis points from the year-ago quarter. Average residential mortgage loans increased 29% year-over-year as we continue to see strong demand for mortgages across our footprint. Turning attention to the chart on the right side of Slide 7, average total deposits increased 38% from the year-ago quarter, including a 39% increase in average core deposits. Average demand deposits increased 60% year-over-year. I want to call your attention to the trend in funding mix, particularly the increase in low-cost DBA. This reflects the addition of FirstMerits low-cost deposit base. We continue to experience only modest core deposit attrition from the FirstMerit book, limited primarily to some rate-sensitive government deposits. Importantly, we are ahead of our original pro forma model with respect to retention of deposit balances. Moving to Slide 8, our net interest margin was 3.30% for the first quarter, up 19 basis points from the year-ago quarter. The increase reflected a 26 basis point increase in earning asset yields and 1 basis point increase in the benefit of non-interest bearing deposits balanced against an 8 basis point increase in funding costs. On a linked quarter basis, the net interest margin increased by 5 basis points driven by a 10 basis point improvement in earning asset yields and 1 basis point increase in the benefit of non-interest bearing deposits partially offset by a 6 basis point increase in funding costs.  Purchase accounting contributed 16 basis points to the net interest margin in the first quarter, down from 18 basis points in the fourth quarter. After adjusting for this impact, the core net interest margin was 3.14% compared to 3.07% in the fourth quarter of 2016, also adjusted for the impact of purchase accounting.  I would also like to call your attention to the orange line at the bottom of the graph on the left. This shows our cost of deposits, which was only 26 basis points for the first quarter. This represents a 2 basis point increase over the year-ago quarter, clearly illustrating the strong core deposit base we enjoy and our ability to successfully lag deposit pricing.  Slide 9 illustrates the continued progress weve made in rebuilding our regulatory capital ratios following the FirstMerit acquisition. CET1 ended the quarter at 9.67%, down 6 basis points year-over-year but up 9 basis points from the previous quarter. We have mentioned previously that our operating guideline for CET1 is 9% to 10%. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.28%, down 61 basis points year-over-year but up 14 basis points linked quarter.  Moving to Slide 10, we booked provision expense of $68 million in the first quarter compared to net charge-offs of $39 million. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 24 basis points of average loans and leases, which remains well below our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points. Net charge-offs were down 2 basis points from the prior quarter and up 17 basis points from the year-ago quarter, which benefited from material commercial real estate recoveries.  The higher provision expense was due to several factors, including the migration of FirstMerit loans from the acquired portfolio to the originated portfolio, portfolio growth, and transitioning the FirstMerit portfolio to Huntingtons reserve methodology. The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans increased to 1.14% from 1.10% at year-end, and the non-accrual loan coverage ratio increased to 190%.  Asset quality metrics remained stable in the first quarter. The non-performing asset ratio eased 4 basis points to 68 basis points. The criticized asset ratio increased modestly from 3.62% to 3.72%. Our 90-day plus delinquencies remained flat. We also experienced lower NPA inflows for the second quarter in a row.  With that, let me turn the presentation over to Steve.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks Mac. Moving to the economy, Slide 12 illustrates a few key economic indicators for our footprint. Our footprint has outperformed the rest of the nation during the economic recovery of the last several years, and I remain very bullish on the outlook for the local economies across our eight states. The bottom left chart illustrates trends in the unemployment rates across our footprint, and as you can see, unemployment rates across the majority of our footprint continue to trend favorably. The charts on the top and bottom right show coincident and leading economic indicators for the region.  I want to call particular attention to the bottom chart, which shows the leading indexes for our footprint as of January, which is the most recent data available. This is the chart we look to for insights into expected future growth within our footprint, and as you can see, the chart shows that seven of our eight states expect positive economic growth over the next six months. Slide 13 illustrates trends in the unemployment rates for our 10 largest deposit markets. Now, many of the large MSAs in our footprint remain at or near 15-year lows for unemployment as of the end of February. The labor market in our footprint has proven to be strong in 2016 with several markets, such as here in Columbus and in Grand Rapids, where were at structural full employment. Weve noted previously that were seeing wage inflation in our expense base, and our customers are too. Housing markets across the footprint are strong, displaying home price stability and even increases while remaining some of the most affordable markets in the U.S. We continue to see broad-based home price appreciation in all of our footprint states. Consumers and businesses alike continue to express optimism about a more business-friendly environment expected from Washington. This optimism is broad-based and shows in our loan pipelines. I know theres been much focus for this quarter on the Federal Reserve H8 data and the lack of loan growth acceleration for the sector. For the past several years, weve seen weak performance in the first quarter followed by building strength over the rest of the year, and based on the acceleration and growth of our pipeline during March, Im hopeful that this will prove to be the case again in 2017. That said, we continued to see reduced rates of pull-through from the pipeline to booked loans restraining our loan growth overall. Finally, most of our state and local governments continue to operate with surpluses.  With that, lets turn to Slide 14 for some closing remarks and important messages. We started the year with good financial performance in the first quarter, but as always, we do not manage the bank around the quarterly earnings cycle. We manage for the long term and remain focused on delivering consistent through the cycle shareholder returns. This strategy entails reducing short-term volatility, achieving top tier performance over the long term, and maintaining our aggregate moderate to low risk profile throughout.  The integration of FirstMerit continues to progress very well. The branch and systems conversion went very well with no widespread issues or challenges. You probably do not have a good sense of just how much work was involved in the conversion, so Id like to share a few statistics. There were more than 1,000 colleagues involved and they converted more than 350 different systems. Over 750 terabytes of data were converted. We had 24 separate plans for conversion weekend, containing more than 17,000 tasks. We had more than 230 milestones over the weekend, and finally we mailed 1.2 million welcome kits, so it was truly a tremendous amount of hard work and our colleagues, Im proud to say, performed it very well. Now with almost all of our technology conversions complete, we are progressing as planned toward realizing our targeted $255 million of annual cost savings from the acquisition, with more than three-fourths already implemented. We also remain on pace with our revenue enhancement opportunities, such as the SBA and home lending expansions in Chicago and Wisconsin, and the RV and marine lending expansions which weve discussed at recent investor conferences. We have previously discussed some of the early wins we had in capital markets and insurance by bringing our superior product offering to the legacy FirstMerit customer base.  We are delivering the promised financial benefits of the FirstMerit acquisition and believe you can already see the benefits in our underlying fundamentals. We approached the branch conversions with the mantra of retain and grow customer relationships and deposits, and Im very pleased with our success. When we announced the transaction, we shared that one of our assumptions in our model called for about 10% deposit runoff, and were clearly outperforming that assumption.  We have invested and will continue to invest in our businesses, particularly with our customer-facing teams and in mobile and digital technologies, as well as data analytics. Importantly, we plan to continue to manage our expenses appropriately within our revenue outlook.  Finally, we always like to include a reminder that there is a high level of alignment between the board, management, our employees and our shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively the fifth largest shareholder of Huntington. We have holder retirement requirements on certain shares and are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. Were highly focused on our commitment to being good stewards of shareholders capital.  First quarter is now in the books, so its time to look forward to the remainder of 2017. Ill ask you to note that our expectations for the full year 2017 are unchanged from what we shared with you at year end. We expect total revenue growth in excess of 20%. We continue to target positive operating leverage on an annual basis. We will grow the average balance sheet in excess of 20%. We expect to fully implement all the cost savings of the FirstMerit acquisition by the third quarter of 2017. We also expect asset quality metrics to remain near current levels, including net charge-offs remaining below our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points.  With that, Ill turn it back over to Mark so we can get to your questions. Thank you.
Mark Muth: Thanks Steve. Operator, well now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up, and then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Ken Usdin: Thanks, good morning. Just a couple questions related to the merger. First of all, you mentioned, Steve, three quarters of the saves gotten through the conversion was in February. So can you just help us understand, do we see a step-down again in 2Q? And then also, Mac, to your prior commentary about that 609-plus amortization by the fourth quarter, is that also still what you expect by year-end?
Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks Ken. So absolutely were still focused on that 609, excluding intangible amortization and not adjusted for the expense that we need to basically support the revenue initiative. But were very confident that were going to achieve that 609 in the fourth quarter of 2017.  Regarding how it plays out from here, keep in mind that theres seasonality as we move through the year, but were definitely headed towards that 609 in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Ken Usdin: So Mac, just a follow-up on that, then. You mentioned its ex-amortization and ex-investment, so how do we think about netting all that together? How much is that investment and how much--and or, is any of that investment not already in the run rate?
Mac McCullough: So the investment is coming into the run rate, even as we speak, because of the fact that were hiring personnel in Chicago, for example, for SBA lending, mortgage banking, those types of activities. I would think about it in terms of your model, whatever you assumed for the incremental revenue, to put an efficiency ratio against that revenue and build it in that way.
Ken Usdin: Okay, and just one quick follow-up - short-term borrowing costs were elevated. You mentioned in the release that it was related to liquidity around. Does any of that roll of, and does that help the margin going forward?
Mac McCullough: You know, we do have some medium term notes that are rolling off here shortly, and that should be of some assistance to the margin going forward but clearly the March rate increase is going to be helpful as well.
Ken Usdin: All right, thanks. Ill leave it there. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Okay, thanks Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom: Thanks, good morning guys. Just following up on Kens question on the margin, loan yields are up. Maybe Mac, can you touch a little bit on whats going on there? Is that just the impact of the December rate increase, and could we see a similar type increase in 2Q from the March hike?
Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks Jon. So clearly we are seeing the impact of the December increase in the first quarter with the core margin increasing 7 basis points to 3.14. I think probably 2 basis points of that is day basis, so Id be thinking more about a 5 basis point increase from a core excluding day basis. We definitely expect the core margin to expand from here.  Purchase accounting is going to be a bit difficult to forecast, which is why we put the slide in the deck to help you do that. We did have $8 million of accelerated accretion in the quarter above and beyond the normal accretion, and thats why were going to continue to see the amortization be pulled forward and likely help the margin. But I would continue to look at that accelerated accretion and even some of the normal amortization being allocated to the reserve, because as we see the acquired loans move to the organic book for FirstMerit, weve got to provide a reserve for those loans. Does that help?
Jon Arfstrom: Yes, that helps. I think what youre saying is theres some moving parts, but this is sustainable and were likely to see some benefits in Q2. Is that fair?
Mac McCullough: Yes, the core margin will expand.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. Just a quick follow-up - you touched on the deposit costs, and I noticed they were up modestly, 3 basis points. But anything going on there? Are you seeing any kind of pressure or demands from clients to raise those rates?
Mac McCullough: You know, I think - we dont see a lot of pressure at this point in time. There are some one-off requests that take place. In general, I think liquidity is good in the industry, and I think maybe some of the lack of asset growth in the first quarter across the industry is helping to take some pressure off of deposit pricing. But weve actually seen less than 10% deposit beta since the increase in the Fed cycle starting in December of 15, so we dont think that theres going to be a lot of pressure around pricing in 2017, at least in the near term.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. All right, thank you.
Mac McCullough: Okay, thanks Jon.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Mac McCullough: Morning John.
John Pancari: Good morning. On the credit front, just wanted to get a little bit of color. I saw some movement in the past dues, in the 30-plus past dues on the commercial side of the shop. Not too concerning just yet, but wondering if you could just give us some color on the C&I side, theyre up, and CRE looked like it was up a good amount in the 30-plus past dues as well. Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes, so there is nothing there that is concerning at all. In fact on the CRE side, that movement was one credit that was just an administrative past due, not a payment issue. It just wasnt renewed prior to quarter end. So we are at a very low level of delinquencies overall, so while there is some movement, its still all well controlled in the range, and the CRE is just, again, one item, so very confident in our delinquency levels.
John Pancari: Okay. Apologize if I missed any of this - I hopped on late, but in terms of your retail CRE exposure, have you commented on that in terms of sizing and how it looks?
Mac McCullough: I havent, but I will. So we have a certain level of retail exposure. Obviously we have it both from the C&I space and in the CRE space. In CRE, we have about $1.7 billion of exposure that is in secured exposure and the retail project type, and then we also have about $600 million in our REIT portfolio. The REIT portfolio obviously has a very strong credit profile secured by an unencumbered pool of assets, and no credit issues there. Within the REITs, we have about $250 million of regional mall exposure, so again fairly modest exposure there.  A good majority of our exposure is in strip centers, so you would have grocery-anchored strip centers and other anchored strip centers, so those are the local destinations and so not a risk profile that were overly concerned about. We do have a list of watch tenants, so weve gone through the entire portfolio and reviewed any of those customer that have filed bankruptcy or are intending to file, and then also another tier where theyve announced store closings, etc. When we go through that entire portfolio and look at the impact of all of those entities, were they to stop paying their rent, we really have --weve had a couple of downgrades, a handful of downgrades of no meaningful amount, so we feel very good with where were standing in the CRE portfolio. Then on the C&I side, obviously retail is a very broad category, but when you strip out auto dealer and those kinds of exposures, which really arent what we think of as conventional retailers, and you get down to food and beverage, building materials, nurseries and then clothing stores, etc., we have about a billion dollars of outstandings, and again no exposure to any of those entities that have been in the headlines filing bankruptcy or maybe intending to. So overall, very confident in our retail exposure.
John Pancari: Okay, great. Thats helpful. Lastly, if I could just ask one more on the credit side on auto, I just wanted to see if I could get a little bit more color out of you in terms of what youre seeing when it comes to the decline in used car values, what that could imply in terms of your exposures, and then also your outlook for growth there. Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Sure. Ill answer that and then Ill also give a few reminders of what weve stated before in terms of our portfolio and why we think its different. So first of all, in terms of the used car values, the Manheim Index, while moving around a bit, is still quite strong. It doesnt impact us quite as much because as a prime/super prime lender, were focused mainly on probability of default, not loss given default. Weve done some stress analysis on our portfolio, as weve mentioned before, and a fairly significant drop in the Manheim does not impact us to any great degree, so we arent concerned about the values and I think overall theyre holding up fairly well right now. A reminder - we have consistent FICO LTV and term. If you look at the schedules that are included, no movement there. We have no leasing. Again, were focused on prime and super prime borrowers. We have no risk layering where were combining low FICOs with high LTVs and extended terms. Again, we tend to have a little bit more exposure to the used car markets, which is much more affordable for our customer base, and our performance continues to demonstrate the consistency in our origination policies. So again, very confident in the auto book.
John Pancari: Okay, thanks for all the detail.
Mac McCullough: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Mac McCullough: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zerbe: Morning. Just a question on the purchase accounting adjustments. Just wanted to make sure I understand Slide 5 properly. Versus what you reported, if I got the numbers right, I think you reported $36 million of PAA in the NII line this quarter, but for the full year youre saying 68. Does the 68 include any of the accelerated, or is that just sort of the normal scheduled amortization? Just trying to reconcile the numbers.
Mac McCullough: Yes Ken, so the 68 does include the first quarter accelerated.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, so that would imply roughly $32 million of sort of normal amortization for the next three quarters, ex-any accelerated?
Mac McCullough: Yes, that looks right.
Ken Zerbe: Got it, okay. Makes sense. And then just one other question on the expenses, just to sort of super clarify, the 609, if we assume that amortization - I dont know, pick a number, $13 million for the quarter, I just want to make sure that you werent--I mean, obviously you exclude any other one-time items, but just from an investment standpoint, is the right number to think about sort of including amortization, sort of that 620, 622 number, or is there--when you report it, is there going to be sort of other investments, other things that are a little more recurring that would take that number higher? Just want to make sure, thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes, the 609, you would need to add the amortization to, right, and I think thats close to 14. And then we shouldnt see any non-recurring items related to the FirstMerit acquisition in the fourth quarter. We think were going to get through all those expenses in the third quarter. Then the only other thing you need to think about is the expense associated with the revenue investments that weve spoken about around the FirstMerit acquisition. 
Ken Zerbe: Got it. See, I think thats what Im more asking about. Lets say you spent $50 million just hypothetically to hire more lenders, to build out something, then your expense number would be meaningfully higher than the 609 plus amortization. I just want to make sure that were all thinking about that its likely to be higher, if thats the right way of looking at it, because--
Mac McCullough: Yes, thats absolutely the right way to think about it, and keep in mind that we add the incremental revenue associated with those initiatives, things like SBA lending and mortgage banking, there are commissions and commission expense that comes along with that revenue. 
Ken Zerbe: Got it. Have you guys quantified just the magnitude of those additional investments?
Mac McCullough: No. I think--again, I think the best way to think about it is to think about the revenue impact and put an efficiency ratio against it, and I would use that as an adjustment for the model.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, all right. Thank you very much.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Mac McCullough: Morning Bob.
Bob Ramsey: Hey, good morning. Just on that point, what is the right sort of marginal efficiency rate that you would apply to those incremental revenues?
Mac McCullough: You know, I would probably--youve got to keep in mind that were ramping up those investments and that activity. Theres likely to be a higher efficiency ratio in 2017 versus 2018, and efficiency ratio for those businesses in normal times could be in the 55% range, something like that. So again, its going to be higher in 2017 relate to 2018 because of the fact that were ramping up the investment.
Bob Ramsey: Okay. Fair enough. Shifting gears to talk a little bit about loan growth, I know you guys have said 4% to 6% for the year. Obviously we seem to be off to kind of a slow start for the year. That does seem to be an industry-wide trend. But Im just kind of curious how youre thinking about the progression of loan growth over the course of the year and what kind of gives you confidence in that 4% to 6% number.
Stephen Steinour: Well, weve seen--this is Steve, Bob. Weve had pipeline and activity increases late in the first quarter, so as we came into the second quarter, we were in a reasonably good position. But if we think back to what weve seen in, I think, four of the last five years, second half has been stronger than first half for different reasons each year, but theres sort of fluency to the year now, successive years in terms of activity picking up second quarter and translating into better performance in the second half. We think that will be the case again this year as it has been recently. Certainly pipelines would indicate that, and so our best indicators are in that fashion. We take some confidence in leading economic indicators and other factors, including conversations with customers and potential customers, so reasonably confident weve got the ability to deliver on that loan growth range of 4% to 6% for the year.
Bob Ramsey : Okay. All right, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Mac McCullough: Morning Steve.
Steven Alexopoulos: Morning everybody. Steve, maybe just to follow up on that in terms of first quarter loan growth being seasonally weak and youre optimistic of a pick-up, just about every other ban out there is saying their commercial customers are in wait-and-see mode here, just watching to see what comes out of Washington. Are you not hearing that from your customers, maybe because your markets are performing a little better?
Stephen Steinour: Were clearly seeing a wait-and-see, I think in the first quarter, and so theres going to be some continuation of that. But the economic development activity in these different states is very, very strong. There is tremendous foreign direct investment activity in Ohio and Michigan in particular, where Im closer, and I would say from what theyre telling me, its like record levels of inquiry and review.  The midwest still has a manufacturing core, and so the conversations around Made in the USA and import tariffs I think are spurring the level of activity that we should benefit from in our footprint. The states continue to be reasonably well positioned, certainly well run - many of the cities are financially doing well, so I think were well positioned to enjoy investment, continued investment, growth and relative outperformance to some of the other regions in the U.S.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, thats helpful. Maybe for a follow-up question, on the tax rate, many banks are calling out this quarter new accounting guidance around share-based compensation. What was the impact from this in your first quarter?
Mac McCullough: We had $2.9 million associated with that in the first quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos: Thats what I need. Thanks guys.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Marty Mosby with Vining Sparks. Please proceed with your question.
Mac McCullough: Good morning, Marty.
Marty Mosby: Good morning. So I think there was one thing that you could do on Slide 5, where youre talking about the purchase accounting accretion, is that for this quarter we just talked about earlier, we had $36 million, youve got $32 million for the rest of the year. That seems like a fairly significant step-down, which the other two--you know, the other piece doesnt move, so that looks like that would have a potentially negative impact when you look at the build of allowance related to the shifting of the loans from purchase accounting to the normal loan portfolio. Youve built your loan loss allowance by $29 million this quarter, so that would offset most of the incremental benefit you got from the early prepayments. Putting that on that slide would help to net it out in a way that would be, I think, better understanding the bottom line impact. Am I misunderstanding that, or is that how that typically is working?
Mac McCullough: No Marty, I think youre absolutely right. We do see opportunity related to the accelerated accretion to build the reserve because of the fact that those loans moving from acquired to organic need to have the reserve built. Now of course, theres a process that we go through in determining what the appropriate reserve is, and I wouldnt want to associate it directly with the accelerated accretion, and I think its also important to keep in mind that theres a Huntington component to this as well associated with loan growth and those types of things.  But I get your point, and I think let us see what we can do to better associate that.
Marty Mosby: Just for instance, it looks like the excess, if you just take the 32 and divide it by 3, it gives you about 11. That means you had about $25 million of extra early accretion, and if you look at the allowance build, it was $29 million, so a little bit more negative on allowance build but in line with each other.  The other thing is if you look at expenses, looking at the expense base in this particular quarter, theres really two pieces that I felt like we didnt show--you know, were unfavorable surprises. One, outside data occupancy and equipment, which are typically kind of related to some of the consolidations you did in the first quarter, so that could just be timing, that was up--those three categories were actually up a little bit from the fourth quarter, which could have been working on the consolidation and eventually rolling down. And then deposit insurance stepped up about $5 million this quarter as well, so just was curious if you could address those two issues going forward.
Mac McCullough: Yes, I would say that the first item, this is just primarily timing in terms of the activity that we see and the work that were doing. We did have a small true-up in the FDIC of about $1.5 million, so that is a bit of an unusual item in the quarter.
Marty Mosby: Perfect, thanks.
Mac McCullough: Okay, thanks Marty.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. I noticed that--you know, to follow on some of Johns questions regarding the credit outlook, I noticed that 90-day delinquency and NPAs, trends look okay on a consolidated basis, but the criticized ratio continues to move higher over the last three quarters. Can you just give us a little bit of color around the trends around the criticized ratio and what youre seeing there?
Mac McCullough: Yes, I would say its mixed. From quarter to quarter, youre going to see movement of varying degrees, and were starting to get year-end statements in now, so thats a piece of it. But I think generally speaking, the outlook is very good. I mean, if you look at how it translates into NPAs, NPAs are actually down a fair amount, charge-offs are well controlled, so we are very much focused on early recognition so that the minute we see any negative developments, we are very quick to downgrade. But I think the obvious point and what we are pleased with is that it does not roll through. NPAs are very well controlled. Two-thirds of our commercial NPAs are current on principal and interest. I think that points to our conservative stance; and again, charge-offs are very well controlled. So I think the criticized inflow is about the only credit metric out there that wasnt improved this quarter, and again I think it has more to do with early recognition of any potential problems, which gives us more options in terms of rehabilitating credit, etc. So no concerns on my end there. I think it speaks more to our risk identification.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Then in relation to some of your guidance around targeting an efficiency ratio and then looking at our revenue, can you talk about the timing on how you see the efficiency ratio peaking in 17 before it declines back in 18? Is there any particular quarter youre looking at where you think the peak will be? [Indiscernible].
Stephen Steinour: Im sorry, Kevin, could you repeat the last part?
Kevin Barker: Where do you see that efficiency ratio peaking in 17 before it starts to decline in 18 in regards to your investments in the business?
Stephen Steinour: Yes, I think we likely see a peak here in the first quarter. There are some seasonally higher expenses in the first quarter and there is also seasonally lower revenue, especially on the fee side in the first quarter, so I would view the first quarter as being a bit of a peak.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thank you for taking my questions.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Once again, if you would like to ask a question, please press star, one on your telephone keypad. A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. You may press star, two if youd like to remove your question from the queue. For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys. Our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. Please proceed with your question.
Mac McCullough: Good morning, Geoff.
Geoffrey Elliott: Good morning, thanks for taking the question. A quick one on CCAR. In the changes around the qualitative part of the test, what does that mean in practice for Huntington? How are you going to be assessed on the qualitative side going forward? When is that going to happen, and what do you think it means in terms of potential capital returns?
Stephen Steinour: Thanks for the question, Geoff. So I think were going to see how this CCAR cycle plays out. Obviously this is the first time weve gone through with the difference in the qualitative, and I think we just have to understand that that has a material difference or not as we move through it. Clearly we would feel that we would have more opportunity to think about the dividend opportunity and also total payout opportunity, and I think we did position ourselves well related to the CCAR cycle with what we did with the balance sheet optimization in late 2016, picking up about 43 basis points of CET1.  So really, Geoff, I think we have to see how the process plays out.
Geoffrey Elliott: And then just switching back to the earlier questions on the retail exposure, I just wanted to check I got the numbers right. You said $1.7 billion of secured retail plus $600 million of REITs within CRE?
Mac McCullough: Correct.
Geoffrey Elliott: And thats out of the total $7.1 billion?
Mac McCullough: Correct.
Geoffrey Elliott: So that, just on math, is kind of a 32% concentration, so Im kind of curious what are the concentration limits that you apply there?
Mac McCullough: We dont actually disclose the individual concentration limits we have. We have an overall CRE and then we have a CRE by project type, and we are within all of those limits as it stands today.
Geoffrey Elliott: Okay, thank you.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks Geoff. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Steve Steinour for closing remarks.
Stephen Steinour: Thank you for joining us today. Were off to a solid start this year. We had good financial performance in the first quarter and equally important, we continued to make very significant progress in the integration of FirstMerit. Our colleagues have really rallied together as one team, bringing the best of Huntington to our customers. Were encouraged by the sentiment were seeing and hearing from our customers and hopeful that thoughtful action in Washington will help bring about more than just optimism. Our strategies are working, our execution of goals continues to drive good results, we expect to continue to gain market share and grow share of wallet. Finally, I want to close by reiterating that our board and this management team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priority remains realizing the full set of opportunities with FirstMerit and growing our core business. At the same time, well continue to manage risks and volatility and drive solid, consistent long-term performance.  So thank you for your interest in Huntington, we appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-25 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth - Director of IR Mac McCullough - CFO Steve Steinour - Chairman, President & CEO Dan Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets Ken Usdin - Jefferies Matt O'Connor - Deutsche Bank John Pancari - Evercore ISI Kyle Peterson - FBR Capital Markets Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners Erika Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch David Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Terry McEvoy - Stephens Inc. Kevin Barker - Piper Jaffray Brian Klock - KBW
Operator: Welcome to the Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Melissa, and welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington-ir.com or by following the Investor Relations link on www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO, and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, will also be participating in the Q&A portion of the call. As noted on slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the information and assumptions available at this time, and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let's get started by turning to slide 3 and an overview of the financials for 2016. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Mark, and thanks to everyone joining the call today. As always, we appreciate your interest and support. 2016 was a transformational year for Huntington. As you know, we closed the acquisition of FirstMerit in the third quarter, and much of our efforts since close has been focused on ensuring a smooth and seamless integration. We are extremely pleased with the progress we're making in bringing the two companies together as one. As evidenced by fourth-quarter results, we're already seeing significant benefit in our efficiency ratio and return on tangible common equity. And we are looking forward to introducing the distinctive Huntington brand to the Chicago and Wisconsin markets later this quarter, helping to accelerate our long-term growth rate. All of our colleagues are engaged and excited by the opportunities in front of us in 2017 and longer term. Before we move to the detailed financials, I want to provide a few quick comments on the integration. As Steve will discuss later in the call, we are ahead of schedule, as we completed a number of significant milestones in the fourth quarter. Our new colleagues are embracing our fair play philosophy and welcome culture, and they are excited to have access to Huntington's more robust product set and capabilities. We're very pleased with our progress thus far, but we know the work is not yet finished. We are focusing on achieving flawless execution with the conversion, resulting in minimal disruption for our customers and the acceleration of our long-term financial goals. With that in mind, let's move to slide 3 and discuss the full-year 2016 financials. As I mentioned, 2016 was a transformational year for Huntington, and there were acquisition-related significant items which affected bottom-line results. I want to emphasize that legacy Huntington performance, including our net interest margin, operating leverage and balance sheet growth, continued to meet if not exceed our expectations in 2016. We delivered core revenue growth well within the range of our long-term goal, positive operating leverage for the fourth consecutive year and a NIM greater than 3% for each quarter of 2016. As I walk through our results for full year 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2016, please note that comparisons to previous periods are inclusive of FirstMerit. Huntington recorded earnings per common share of $0.67 for full-year 2016. This is inclusive of $0.20 per share of significant items related to the FirstMerit acquisition, which also impacted the financial metrics that I will highlight on this slide. Tangible book value per share decreased 7% from the year-ago quarter to $6.41. Return on tangible common equity was 10.2%, while return on assets was 0.82%. Full-year revenue increased 18%, which included 11% growth in non-interest income. Full-year non-interest expense grew 24%, although after adjusting for FirstMerit's acquisition expense, full-year non-interest expense growth was 13%. Average total loans grew 18% for the full year, while average core deposit growth fully funded loan growth also increasing by 18% year over year. Credit quality remained strong in 2016. Consistent prudent credit underwriting as one of Huntington's core principles, and 2016's financial results continue to reflect that. Net charge-offs were 19 basis points of loans, relatively flat from 2015, while remaining well below our long-term financial goal of 35 to 55 basis points. The NPA ratio decreased 7 basis points from year end 2015. We managed the bank with an aggregate moderate- to low-risk appetite, and our results illustrate this disciplined focus. Finally, our capital ratios declined midyear, as we effectively deployed capital via the acquisition of FirstMerit. Assisted by the balance sheet optimization strategy that we detailed on the third quarter earnings call and that was completed in the fourth quarter, we have strengthened our capital ratios since acquisition close. And as of yearend 2016, our CET1 ratio was 9.53%, well within our 9% to 10% operating guideline. Moving to slide 4, let's take a look at some of the financial metrics for the fourth quarter of 2016 compared with the year-ago quarter. Fourth-quarter earnings per share was $0.18, inclusive of $0.06 per share of significant items related to the FirstMerit acquisition. Also including the impact of significant items, ROA was 0.84% and return on tangible common equity was 11.4%. Compared to the fourth quarter of 2015, revenue grew by 39%, with net interest income up 48% and non-interest income up 23%. Non-interest expense increased 45% from the year-ago quarter. Although adjusted for significant items, non-interest expense growth was 29%. Our reported efficiency ratio for the quarter was 65.4%. However, FirstMerit related acquisition expense added 8.8 percentage points to the efficiency ratio in the quarter. The reconciliation for this number can be found on slide 18. The efficiency ratio also benefited from $7.5 million of net hedging activity on mortgage servicing rights, a $5.6 million gain on our November auto loan securitization. $5 million of gains on the sale of loans resulting from our balance sheet optimization strategy, and a $6.5 million benefit from the extinguishment of trust preferred securities, as well as the impact of normal fourth-quarter seasonality. Moving on to the balance sheet, average total loans for the fourth quarter grew 33% year over year. Average core deposits grew 40% year over year, once again, fully funding loan growth. Fourth-quarter net charge-offs were 26 basis points, up 8 basis points from a year ago. Again, this remains below our long-term financial goal, and is consistent with our outlook of gradual reversion to our long-term range of 35 to 55 basis points. Turning to slide 5, let's take a closer look at the income statement. Fourth-quarter revenue was up 39% from the year-ago quarter. Primarily driven by net interest income, which was up 48%, reflecting the addition of FirstMerit and disciplined organic loan growth. The net interest margin was 3.25% for the fourth quarter, up 16 basis points from a year ago and up 7 basis points on a linked-quarter basis. Purchase accounting had a favorable impact of 18 basis points on the net interest margin in the fourth quarter. For the fourth quarter, net interest income increased 23% year over year. Non-interest expense increased 45%, but adjusted for significant items, non-interest expense in the fourth quarter grew 29% from the year-ago quarter. For a closer look at the details behind these calculations, please refer to the reconciliations contained on pages 16 and 17 of the presentation slides or in the release. While we're on the subject of expenses, I want to reiterate our confidence in achieving the $255 million in total annual expense savings that we communicated when we announced the FirstMerit acquisition. All the cost savings have been identified, and we have already realized roughly 50% of our cost savings goal. We expect to realize the majority of the remainder of the cost savings during the branch and systems conversion over Presidents' Day weekend next month. In total, we plan to consolidate 103 branches at conversion or roughly 9% of the combined post divestiture branch network. Recall that there is a significant amount of overlap in the two branch networks, as 39% of legacy FirstMerit branches are within one mile of Huntington branches. In addition, in connection with our normal periodic review of our distribution network, we will be consolidating nine legacy Huntington branches unrelated to the FirstMerit acquisition during the first quarter. Slide 6 shows the expected pretax net impact of purchase accounting adjustments on an annual forward-looking basis. We introduced this slide at a recent conference, and we think it will be useful in helping you think about purchase accounting accretion going forward. It is important to note that the purchase accounting accretion estimates on this slide are based on current scheduled accretion, and do not include any projected accelerated accretion from early payoffs or renewals. Therefore since in reality we're likely to experience some level of early payoffs and accelerated accretion, just as we already did in 3Q of 2016 and 4Q of 2016, you are likely to see the accretion revenue in the green bars pulled forward as early payoffs occur. Some of the accelerated accretion may be offset by provision expense, as acquired FirstMerit loans renew and we establish a loan-loss reserve in normal course. As a result, we intend to provide regular updates of this schedule going forward until the majority of the purchase accounting accretion has been recognized. Slide 7 illustrates the achievement of positive operating leverage for full-year 2016. Of course we talk about this every quarter, and stress how important annual positive operating leverage is to us as a company. In 2016, we enjoyed our fourth consecutive year of positive operating leverage, realizing adjusted revenue growth of 17.8% which outpaced adjusted expense growth of 13.1%. As you know, annual positive operating leverage is one of our long-term financial goals. We contained our target positive operating leverage on an annual basis, and we have budgeted to meet this goal for the fifth consecutive year in 2017. Turning to slide 8, let's look at balance sheet trends. As you look at the left of the slide, you can see that the addition of FirstMerit has not had a material impact on our earning asset mix. Recall the last quarter, we announced certain actions to optimize the balance sheet in order to improve capital efficiency and flexibility. With that in mind, during the fourth quarter, we completed a $1.5 billion auto securitization and invested the proceeds into 0% risk-weighted securities. We also repositioned approximately $2 billion of higher risk-weighted securities into 0% risk-weighted securities. Finally, we sold almost $1 billion of non-relationship C&I and CRE loans. Completing all announced actions during the fourth quarter, added approximately 41 basis points to CET1 at year end, positioning us well for the 2017 CCAR cycle. Turning back to fourth-quarter performance, average earning assets grew 41% from the year-ago quarter. This increase was driven primarily by a 54% increase in average securities, and a 37% increase in average C&I loans. The increase in average securities reflected the addition of FirstMerit's portfolio, the reinvestment of cash flows and additional investments in liquidity coverage ratio level one qualifying securities. The increase in C&I loans primarily reflected FirstMerit as well as increases in the automobile core plan and corporate banking loans. Average auto loans increased 17% year over year, with the acquired $1.5 billion FirstMerit portfolio essentially offsetting the impact of the $1.5 billion securitization. Average new money yields on our auto originations were 3.25% in the fourth quarter, up 5 basis points from the prior quarter and up almost 35 basis points from the year-ago quarter. Turning to the right side of slide 8, I want to call attention to the trend in funding mix, particularly the increase on low-cost DDA. Average total deposits increased 39% from the year-ago quarter, including a 40% increase in average core deposits. This reflects the addition of FirstMerit's low-cost deposit base. It has been almost two full quarters since the acquisition closed, and we are extremely pleased with customer and deposit retention. Our net interest margin was 3.25% for the fourth quarter, up 16 basis points from the year-ago quarter. The increase reflected a 23 basis point increase in earning asset yields, balanced against the 7 basis point increase in funding costs. On a linked-quarter basis, the net interest margin increased by 7 basis points, driven by an 8 basis point improvement in earning asset yields. Purchase accounting contributed 18 basis points to the net interest margin in the fourth quarter. After adjusting for this impact, the core NIM was 3.07, up 1 basis point from the third quarter of 2016. Also adjusted for the impact of purchase accounting. In addition, similar to what we have seen in recent quarters, the fourth quarter NIM includes 1 basis point favorable impact related to one large interest recovery. Recall our core NIM included two basis points of favorable impact last quarter. Slide 10 illustrates the progress we have made in rebuilding our regulatory capital ratios following the FirstMerit acquisition. CET1 [indiscernible] the quarter at 9.53%, down 26 basis points year over year and up 44 basis points from the previous quarter. We mentioned previously that our operating guideline for CET1 is 9% to 10%. We are very pleased to have reached the mid-point level only one quarter following the close of the FirstMerit acquisition. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.14%, down 68 basis points year over year and flat linked quarter. Moving to slide 11, for the fourth quarter, we booked provision expense of $75 million compared to net charge-offs of $44 million. The higher provision expense was due to several factors, including the migration of FirstMerit loans from the acquired portfolio to the originated portfolio, portfolio growth and transitioning the FirstMerit portfolio to Huntington's reserving methodology. Net charge-offs represented an annualized 26 basis points of average loans and leases consistent with the prior quarter, which remains below our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points. The ACL as a percentage of loans increased to 1.10% from 1.06% at the end of the third quarter, while the non-accrual loan coverage ratio remained stable at 174%. Asset-quality metrics were largely favorable in the quarter. The NPA ratio remained flat at 72 basis points. The criticized asset ratio increased modestly from 3.54% to 3.62%, driven largely by risk rating calibration within the FirstMerit book which increased our OLEM loans in the quarter. Importantly, substandard loans, the most severe category of problem loans, actually decreased in the quarter due to pay downs and refinancings. Also of note, 58% of our non-performing commercial loans remain current. Other indicators of credit quality include very low 90-day delinquencies at 19 basis points, and lower NPA inflows in the quarter. I will now turn the presentation over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Mac. Moving to the economy, slide 13 contains what we believe to be some of the more meaningful economic indicators for our footprint. A footprint that has outperformed the rest of the nation during the economic recovery. The bottom left chart illustrates trends in the unemployment rates across our eight core Midwestern states. And as you can see, despite a leveling off of economic growth during recent periods, the majority of our footprint remains at or below the national unemployment rates relative to the national average. The charts on the top and bottom right show coincident and leading economic indicators for the region. I want to call particular pretension to the bottom chart which shows leading indexes for our footprint as of November. This is the chart we look to for insights into expected future growth within our footprint, and as you can see the chart shows that all eight states in our footprint expect positive economic growth over the next six months. Turning to slide 14, it also focuses on trends in unemployment rates, but specifically for our largest Metropolitan markets. In many of the large MSAs, the footprint remained at or near 15-year lows for unemployment as of the end of November. The auto industry remains a major economic contributor within our footprint, housing markets are strong as well. Home price stability and affordability are some of the best in the nation right here in our footprint, and we continue to see broad-based home price growth in all of our footprint states. The labor market in our footprint has proven to be strong in 2016, with several markets such as here in Columbus where we are at structural fullest employment. We are seeing wage inflation in our expense base, and our customers are too. State and local governments continue to operate with surpluses. The election is behind us and many of the businesses in our footprint have expressed optimism about a new business-friendly environment expected from the new administration and regulatory regime. Overall, the underlying trends and fundamentals remain strong. We are confident in our footprint Midwest economy, based on the sustained job growth and economic production. So with that, let's turn to slide 15 for some closing remarks and important messages. We remain focused on delivering consistent through the cycle shareholder returns. This strategy entails reducing short-term volatility, achieving top-tier performance over the long term and maintaining our aggregate moderate to low-risk profile throughout. And as you heard Mac mention earlier, the acquisition and integration of FirstMerit provides an opportunity to achieve significant cost savings and improve our overall efficiency. We are progressing as planned toward realizing our targeted $255 million of annual cost savings from the acquisition, with a significant portion of the planned savings, roughly half of them, already implemented. The majority of the remaining savings will be implemented during the branch conversion this quarter over the Presidents' Day weekend. We continue to win new customers through a strong distinguished brand with differentiated products and superior customer service across all of our businesses. Our new customers provide a deeper pool to deliver our value proposition and to fuel our growth. We are now five months past the close of the FirstMerit acquisition, and we have seen little attrition from the FirstMerit accounts. This is a testament to our emphasis on customer service, and the progress of our combined teams coming together. We have maintained momentum in our core businesses throughout the integration. We have invested and will continue to invest in our businesses, particularly within our customer facing teams and in mobile and digital technologies as well as data analytics. Importantly, we continue to manage our expenses appropriately within our revenue outlook. We always like to include a reminder that there's a high level of alignment between the Board, Management, our employees and our shareholders. The Board and our colleagues are collectively amongst the largest shareholders of Huntington. We have holder retirement requirements on certain shares, and are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. We're highly focused on our commitment to being good stewards of shareholder's capital. Looking towards 2017, we expect total revenue growth in excess of 20%. This includes an expected benefit from one rate hike around midyear of this year. We continue to target positive operating leverage on an annual basis. We will grow the average balance sheet in excess of 20%. We expect to fully implement all the cost savings from the FirstMerit acquisition by the third quarter of 2017. We believe asset quality metrics will remain near current levels, including net charge-offs remaining below our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points. Finally, we continue to be extremely pleased with the integration with FirstMerit and with the outstanding colleagues we have dedicated to a seamless conversion. The divestiture of 13 branches, primarily in the Canton, Ohio market, was completed during the fourth quarter of 2016, and we have completed the onboarding and initial training of our new colleagues and fully implemented the organizational changes for the combined entity that we announced last summer. 103 branch consolidations will occur coincident with the branch conversion in February, and our system conversion efforts continue to progress well. As you can see, it was an exciting quarter and indeed an exciting year. We are very focused on the future we're building. We have a lot of momentum across our businesses, and we're ready to build on the hard work that got us to this point. So I'll now turn it back over to Mark so we can get to your questions. Thank you.
Mark Muth: We will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up and then if that person has additional questions he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Jon Arfstrom: Sounds like things are going well on the integration from the expense side, and what I was curious about was the revenue synergy piece. I know that you did not include that in the accretion guidance initially from the acquisition, but in your important messages, you are saying you were executing on the revenue synergies. So maybe give us an idea or an update in terms of how that's going so far?
Mac McCullough: So, Jon, it's actually going very well. We are continuing to make investments into a number of areas, including SBA lending, home equity and home mortgage origination. And the other fact is that we are seeing really good acceptance and interest in capital markets products with the FirstMerit customer base, interest rates, revenues, foreign exchange, those types of things. So really good traction there as well. And then as we take FirstMerit's [indiscernible] portfolio and capabilities and expand that into our markets, and further we think that's a great growth opportunity. So if you add to that just from the performance that we've seen from a customer retention perspective, a deposit retention perspective with FirstMerit, I would tell you that we are really hitting on all cylinders there.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay. And the other number that you laid out was a percentage of revenues from non-interest income, and if you raised the FirstMerit average to your average that there's more accretion in the acquisition. Anything that you see right now that would prevent you from hitting that corporate average?
Mac McCullough: No. We think that there's probably close to $100 million of revenue if you normalize FirstMerit's fee income to total revenue to ours. And we really have that identified in terms of where we think that's coming from, and we've got the incremental expenses and capabilities built into 2017 and 2018. So we feel pretty comfortable with achieving that number.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question.
Ken Usdin: Just a question on costs and efficiency progress to your clear points about getting to the cost saves run rated by the second half and the third quarter. And then also with this planned accretion runoff, just wondering if you can help us understand how you expect the efficiency ratio to traject? You have got that long-term goal 56%, 59%. Just wondering if think you can get inside of that by the end of next year? How are you thinking about exiting 4Q 2017 to your point moving -- you're still committing to positive operating leverage but with a lot of these moving parts back and forth? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Ken. So we are very comfortable with the range we have put out there the 56% to 59% longer term. And clearly as we start to see increases in interest rates, we do think that's going to help us get towards the bottom end of the range. We do go through system conversion branch closures in the February timeframe, and we will see the expense come out in the second quarter. There might be a little bit that will come out in the third quarter as well. So I would expect that in the fourth quarter of this year, we'll be a run rate that will certainly reflect the range that we've signed up for longer term.
Ken Usdin: So you think you can get into the range. And I guess you've given the 20% revenue outlook on the top line, and I'm just wondering, I think we're all wondering just what that magnitude of operating leverage is that you were thinking through. Is there any way to help us understand like you did for the fourth quarter just around what you think the rate of expense growth will be versus that 20% plus on the top?
Mac McCullough: We've come out and told you what we expect the fourth quarter expense number to be at a regional conference in the fourth quarter. So that's $609 million.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So that's still on track?
Mac McCullough: That's still on track. That gets us to the $255 million cost takeout we've signed up for growing at 3%, and achieved in the fourth quarter of 2017.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Matt O'Connor: Obviously some moving pieces on the NIM, the purchase accounting accretion was a lot better this quarter, but seems like the core NIM was also better. Wondering if you can help us shape what both components could look like in the first quarter of 2017?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Matt, there are number of moving parts here. And as we discussed, the core NIM is 3.07, 3.06 if you exclude the interest recovery that we saw in the quarter. We do think the core NIM is going to expand from this point. We are 6% asset sensitive. We're going to continue to see the swap book on the asset side roll off. We have about a little over $3 billion in asset swaps that will come off by the end of the year, that will increase asset sensitivity by probably another 0.7, 0.8 and we did see some impact from the December rate increase. So I would suggest that it's going to be difficult to project the NIM because of the purchase accounting impact and some of the accelerated accretion. That we do expect to happen, that we have seen happen in both the third and fourth quarters. But feel good about the core margin expanding from this point.
Matt O'Connor: And can you help size the impact of call it the 25 basis point increase in rates that we saw in December? Obviously the industry is not experiencing a lot of deposit repricing, so I think we are seeing more NIM left than expected from the first couple rate increases. But maybe just size how much benefit you expect to get from December's hike.
Mac McCullough: We are assuming probably a 40% to 50% beta on that change. And I think as you play that through, it really is going to depend a lot on what happens with competition and how we see pricing change in the environment. So I don't think the impact of this first increase is going to be hugely material, but certainly it will be a positive to the margin going forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
John Pancari: On the auto side, wanted to see if you can give us an update on some of the dynamics you are seeing there in the industry just given that we've been seeing some of the auto lenders see some volatility there? So just curious about the competitive dynamic, your appetite for ongoing growth there, maybe your growth outlook as well as credit trends how they are moving along. Thanks.
Dan Neumeyer: This is Dan. So I would say in terms of the credit trends, we feel very good as we have stated in the past. What goes on in the market isn't completely relevant to what we are doing since we haven't adjusted our origination strategies in terms of FICO, LTV, term, et cetera. So we are still a prime, super prime lender and our results have been quite consistent. A lot of noise in what's going on in the market, but I think that relates more to those who are in the sub prime rate or near prime space. So we still see good originations, as Matt noted earlier, we actually saw some margin expansion. We think on a risk-adjusted basis, we are in a really -- in a great spot. So trends are good, delinquencies remain well controlled. So on the whole, very solid outlook. We continue to plan for more growth, but very steady origination strategy.
Steve Steinour: And our expectation, John, is the dealers will continue to have a good year, roughly in line with last year. And we are very well-positioned in that regard, both on the direct side core plan, the indirect and to finance some of the supply base. And all that's broken out for you on the different schedules that we provide.
Dan Neumeyer: And just I would add that there are a couple of items this quarter that are worth noting. So we do have the FirstMerit portfolio included. And so when you look at the charge-off numbers on page 46, we provide a table that outlines. They do have a higher charge-off rate, but part of that is impacted by the fact that recoveries do not reduce gross charge-offs. Because it's an acquired book, and therefore the recoveries flow through the income line. And so that's one factor to consider. The other thing is we had securitization. So we had $1.5 billion move out of the denominator, and there are no delinquencies in that pool of loans. So when you really make those adjustments, our originated book continues to be very steady, 1 to 2 basis points higher than last year. Either if you're looking at quarter over quarter, it was 1 basis point, year over year, 2 basis points. So again, very steady performance that we are very pleased with.
John Pancari: And then, Steve, I just would love to get your thoughts on capital deployment here, and how you are thinking about deployment going into 2017 CCAR. Do you see an opportunity to get more aggressive there in returns, and how would you prioritize buybacks versus dividends? Thanks.
Steve Steinour: Our capital priorities haven't changed from what we've had over the years, organic growth, dividend, and then other actions. The balance sheet optimization activities of the fourth quarter were all successfully completed, and that was with the view of giving us the capacity to come into CCAR with a strong foundation. The Board will make decisions later, we don't even have CCAR scenarios yet so it would be very premature for me to comment at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Kyle Peterson: This is actually Kyle Peterson on for Bob today. It looks like your tax rate has been a little bit lower here. It looks like even when backing out the merger charges, it's running more in that 24%, 25% range. I just want to see if you guys could give any color moving forward on where we should expect that to run?
Mac McCullough: That's pretty consistent with where we have been, and the guidance that we provide is in that same range I think 24% to 27% is what we said in the press release, and that excludes significant items. So when you tax back the significant items of 35%, it does make that rate look lower on a GAAP basis, but if you adjust for the significant items, you get to the 25%. And if you actually FTE adjusted that, it would actually be higher. But that's a range we're very comfortable with going forward.
Kyle Peterson: Okay, great. Then I guess just a little bit on margin. I know you guys mentioned your guidance includes a rate hike in the middle of the year. Where do you guys see the core margin going in the event of no additional rate hikes throughout the year?
Mac McCullough: Higher. We're going to see the core margin continue to expand. Again, it's not going to be hugely significant, but we have talked about probably one to two rate hikes requiring to take place in order for us to start to see margin expansion. And we actually think we're going to get that with the one rate hike now. And again, March will be a bit volatile this year because of what's happening with purchase accounting and accelerated accretion. But we'll be sure to keep you informed in terms what we see there an update it as it rolls through.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill and Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Scott Siefers: Mac, I was hoping you could expand on your comments on the nuance of the purchase accounting pull forward. Just curious specifically on slide 6 if you can walk through the changes and what drove those relative to when you guys had given that slide out at the Goldman conference last month. Just kind of curious, is that just initial behavior of the acquired portfolio or what changed in that time period?
Mac McCullough: Scott, so the best way to think about it is if a loan pays off and it renews early, then we accelerate the purchase accounting adjustment and that comes into the margin. That happened in the fourth quarter to the tune of about $10 million.
Scott Siefers: Okay.
Mac McCullough: Okay. So what you have to also realize the flip side of that, as an acquired loan moves from the acquired portfolio to the originated portfolio we have to establish a reserve for that. So in the fourth quarter, roughly half of the increase or of the reserve build is due to acquired loans from FirstMerit being in the originated portfolio. So we are going to continue to see accelerated accretion in the margin, and we're going to continue to see some higher provision expense as we've reserved for those loans that come into the originated book.
Scott Siefers: Okay.
Mac McCullough: That's where it gets a little complex, and we can't actually predict what is going to renew on a forward basis. But we will give you this chart every quarter updated for what's happened, and let you know what the inflows and outflows are.
Steve Steinour: Scott, if I could just add to try and -- normally, you would expect to see renewal activity first and second quarter on these commercial loans. So we're trying to share with you an expectation that there will be, in addition to scheduled maturities, there will be we think just more economic activity associated with the outlook, the improved outlook. Expansions of working capital lines, maybe more CapEx, things like that, so we could be in a period that's more active than what we've had recently as we go through the first half of 2017.
Scott Siefers: Okay, that all makes sense. Thank you. And then was just curious as well, I think when you originally gave the guidance for 2017 on that 20% plus revenue growth, that was assuming no rate increases either the one we got in December or anything this year. So would the 20% still hold true even if we got nothing else? And just out of curiosity, you guys have always been so conservative on the rate outlook with basically always assuming none. Just curious why you decided to add even just the one into the outlook?
Mac McCullough: Scott, I think the guidance still holds true. We just felt that it feels more certain this time, and that it just made more sense from a reality perspective and how we've built out the budget and how we thought about 2017. So we did put the one additional increase in midyear, and that's rolling through our budget for 2017.
Scott Siefers: Okay.
Steve Steinour: And, Scott, like prior years, we have contingent expense reduction should we find the environment to be different than we anticipate.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Erika Najarian: I wanted to ask a question on how given that rate hikes could potentially be more certain in 2017 and especially beyond, I'm wondering if you could help us think about how your asset sensitivity could have changed with the FirstMerit acquisition now fully in your books for the next rate hike? So in 1Q of 2016, your margin went up 2 basis points. And I'm wondering given the comments on a potentially structurally higher NIM anyway, core NIM in 2017, plus the 25 basis point rate hike, plus the fact your deposit costs haven't moved. Whether the expansion quarter over quarter in core NIM is likely going to be greater than the 2 basis points in 1Q 2016?
Mac McCullough: So, Erika, the FirstMerit balance sheet actually didn't change our asset sensitivity or interest rate risk significantly. So if anything, FirstMerit might have been a little bit more asset sensitive. So we don't really think that this has had a huge impact on how we are positioned, either before or after the FirstMerit acquisition. And clearly, it's all going to depend on what happens in the marketplace and what happens with the competition. We're in a new environment for liquidity based on new regulations and requirements. And certainly when the first rate hikes come through on an increasing cycle, you typically don't see as much of up pricing on the deposit side as quickly. We might be conservative with the 40% to 50% beta in what we are assuming. But we feel comfortable with those assumptions, and we are going to continue to monitor what's happening in the environment just to make sure that we are competitive from a liquidity perspective.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Long with Raymond James. Please proceed with your question.
David Long: I just wanted to see if you guys can talk a little bit about your strategy on the retail banking side in your newly-acquired Chicago market here after the FirstMerit deal? In the Chicago market, you guys may not have the critical mass like several of the competent larger banks here. Just want to see how you plan to compete, and then also how you'd look to invest in that market in the future?
Steve Steinour: David, we have outlined it and I will try and cover this again. Mac may want to add to it. We've outlined that we will continue with the strategy that FirstMerit had, which was a niche approach emphasizing commercial or business lending. We have made a commitment to SBA lending in Chicago, and the team largely is in place now, the same with home lending. With our mortgage capabilities, we've added significantly. We are continuing to add at this point into our Chicago team on the mortgage front. So we like our distribution in terms of the spread. It's not concentrated given the size of that market. It's obviously grossly under scale, and that will cause us to focus on these niches and growing these niches and perhaps growing in some other areas over time. But the emphasis will be to maintain the disciplined that FirstMerit had in terms of growing commercial lending activities in Chicago principally.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens Inc. Please proceed with your question.
Terry McEvoy: I just wanted to circle back to Ken's question on that 4Q expense target of $609 million. If I remember that presentation last quarter, it did not include some personnel expenses, the FDIC insurance premiums. And I'm wondering if you could help us with the GAAP number, and also just the amortization as well to better understand what 4Q could look like again from a GAAP standpoint?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Terry. So the $609 million does not include intangible amortization. That's a number excluding that figure. And certainly the $609 million is a quantitative measurement looking at the $255 million growing at 3%. And we're making investments in revenue-producing capabilities, personnel, technology basically for FirstMerit markets where we have additional opportunities. We've talked about SBA, we've talked about home lending. And we will be adding some expense relative to those investments without a doubt, but we will also be adding revenue associated with those investments too. So certainly, the $609 million as we get closer to that we will reconcile in terms of what those investments look like. But feel very comfortable that we're going to get the cost takeouts that we have signed up for, and we're going to make additional investments into revenue opportunities that we think are available to us.
Terry McEvoy: And then earlier you said for the most part, you'd get the full cost saves by the end of 2Q, with a little bit moving into Q3. Could you be a little more specific in terms of what you expect to realize by the middle point of 2017?
Mac McCullough: It's going to depend a bit on how we move through the conversion and integration process. There's still some expenses that we are working to get out that might be more longer term in nature around real estate and those types of things. To the extent anything bleeds into the third quarter, I don't expect it to be material but there will be some third-quarter impact.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker with Piper Jaffrey. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Barker: I just wanted to follow up in regards to some of the questions around capital. Your CET1 ratio obviously appears to have very healthy and plenty of excess capital to be deployed over time, but it seems like your TCE ratio is relatively low compared to the peer group. Are you comfortable bringing down the TCE ratio below 7% as long as you have the CET1 ratio well above an 8% ratio?
Mac McCullough: Kevin, it's Mac. So we are focused on CET1, and we do have an operating range of 9% to 10% for CET1. As you see, the 9.50% which is where we are today calibrates, translates to a 7.2% TCE. We do monitor the tangible common ratio. It is something that we pay close attention to. I'm not sure I see it going below 7%, but it certainly is calibrated to CET1 and that's the ratio that ratio that we're really focused on.
Kevin Barker: And then you're obviously building the provision given the purchase accounting accretion that's coming off of FirstMerit, and you will probably see that continue to grow. How long -- at what point do you feel like you would be at a more normalized level in a reserve to loan ratio, and how long do you think it will take to get to that point following the FirstMerit acquisition?
Mac McCullough: Kevin, I would probably refer you to slide 6 in terms of what the accretion around purchase accounting. Basically as the acquired portfolio moves into an originated portfolio as those loans renew, we will see the purchase accounting adjustments decline. And you will see us over that period of time replenishing the reserve, building a reserve, on those loans as they move from acquired to organic. So clearly, what you see on slide 6 would be an elongated view because we're going to see this pull forward as loans renew early. So I would just ask you to think about slide 6 and calibrate around the numbers on that page, understanding that it's going to be accelerated.
Kevin Barker: Okay. And when you think about the risk profile pro forma on the FirstMerit acquisition, do you feel that your reserve to loan ratio should run higher than it was in the past or do you feel like it could run a little bit lower than what it was in previous quarters prior to the acquisition?
Mac McCullough: I think as we move towards normalization, you are probably going to be a little bit higher than previously. That's what I would say. Because just our base charge-off level, we still remain below the long-term target but we are definitely moving towards more normalization as recoveries decrease.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Klock with KBW. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Klock: I wanted to follow up just really quickly, Mac, on an earlier question about the deposit beta assumptions. I think you said 40% to 50%, is that what you're expecting from the December hike that just happened in 2016 or is that what your asset sensitivity assumptions are or is that yes to both?
Mac McCullough: That would be us to both.
Brian Klock: Okay.
Mac McCullough: So the 40% to 50% is average across the entire deposit portfolio, and we have been pretty consistent in talking about a 50% beta over time. And as we think about the December hike, we have modeled something in that range.
Brian Klock: Okay. And then I guess a follow-up question. Steve, you mentioned some of the improved commercial sentiment post election. Actually you guys in the fourth quarter your C&I loan growth was pretty solid relative to some others that we've seen softness in middle market. So maybe you can talk about what kind of trends you're seeing in the C&I book? And is there that potential for some enhanced an increase capital expenditures that may actually finally happen in the Midwest?
Steve Steinour: I think the early read from many of our customers is one of more optimism. And what they are telling us and what are more broadly our various line management and RMs are telling us is much more activity compared to prior periods in terms of potential investments. So we are I think better positioned than we have been for maybe a decade in terms of CapEx and expansion in the different businesses here in the Midwest.
Brian Klock: And if I could throw one more in. I don't know, Mac, do you have the growth you did get in loans this quarter from FirstMerit versus HPN?
Mac McCullough: I don't have that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Steve Steinour for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: Thank you all again. 2016 was highlighted by the acquisition of FirstMerit, and our continued strong core financial performance. We are encouraged by the focused activities of our colleagues and the sentiment of our customers. With sound fundamentals in place at the start of the year, we are positioned for solid performance in the coming quarters. Clearly, our strategies are working and our execution of goals continues to drive good results. We expect to continue to gain market share and grow share of wallet. The addition of FirstMerit's solid balance sheet, strong credit performance, valuable customer base and new markets provide opportunities for us to further accelerate achievement of our long-term financial goals. We're already realizing revenue synergies in several areas. And finally, I want to close by reiterating that our Board and this Management Team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priority is integrating FirstMerit and growing our core business. At the same time, we will continue to manage risks and volatility and do so with the intent of driving solid, consistent long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth - Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc. Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.
Analysts: R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Ruth and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. Mark Muth, you may begin your conference.
Mark Muth - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thank you, Ruth, and welcome, everyone. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington-ir.com, or by following the Investor Relations link on www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast, starting about an hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, will also be participating in the Q&A portion of the call. As noted on slide two, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let's get started by turning to slide three and an overview of the financials. Mac?
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Mark, and thanks to everyone for joining the call today. We appreciate your interest and support. Let me start by acknowledging that the third quarter was a bit noisy, but underneath the noise we are very pleased with the core financial performance. As you know, the FirstMerit acquisition closed on August 16. Under the terms of the acquisition agreement, shareholders of FirstMerit received 1.72 shares of Huntington common stock and $5 in cash for each share of FirstMerit common stock. The aggregate purchase price was $3.7 billion, including $0.8 billion of cash, $2.8 billion of common stock and $0.1 billion of preferred stock. Huntington issued 284 million shares of common stock that had a total fair value of $2.8 billion based on the closing market price of $9.68 per share on August 15 of 2016. We are extremely pleased with the progress we are making in bringing the two companies together as one. We believe the combination strengthens our company by improving efficiency, accelerating our long-term growth rate and driving a higher return profile. We are excited to have the opportunity to introduce our strong recognizable brand, differentiated product set, and industry-leading customer service in new geographies and to new customers. Integration is moving along as expected and our new colleagues are embracing our Fair Play philosophy and welcome culture. Turning to slide three, let's review the financial highlights of our third quarter. Huntington recorded earnings per common share of $0.11, inclusive of $0.11 per share of significant items related to the FirstMerit acquisition, which also impacted the financial metrics I will highlight on this slide. Tangible book value per share decreased 6% from the year-ago quarter to $6.48 per share. Return on tangible common equity was 7% while return on assets was 0.58%. Except where noted, all comparisons to previous quarters are inclusive of FirstMerit. But I want to emphasize that core organic performance continued to meet our expectations. Compared to the third quarter of 2015, revenue grew by 24%, with net interest income up 26% and noninterest income up 19%. Noninterest expense increased $186 million or 35% year-over-year. Noninterest expense adjusted for the year-over-year change in significant items increased $7 million or 14% year-over-year, reflecting the addition of FirstMerit, the accelerated buildout of our in-store channel last fall, and ongoing technology investments. Our reported efficiency ratio for the quarter was 75%. However, the acquisition-related expense stemming from the FirstMerit transaction added 17 percentage points to the efficiency ratio. While revenue strength in the quarter, including mortgage banking, capital markets, and a large interest recovery, combined with a $4 million expense benefit from retiring trust preferred debt, lowered the core efficiency ratio by approximately 150 basis points, we are pleased with the progress toward achieving our long-term efficiency ratio goal of 56% to 59%. Balance sheet growth in the third quarter showed continued organic strength, which was enhanced by the addition of FirstMerit's loan and deposit base. Average total loans grew 24% year-over-year, with growth excluding FirstMerit coming in at 8%. Average core deposits grew 22% year-over-year, with average core deposit growth excluding FirstMerit registering 3%. Our third quarter credit performance reflects Huntington's commitment to an aggregate moderate to low risk profile. Net charge-offs of 26 basis points remain below our long-term financial target of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. Nonperforming assets improved 21 basis points to 0.72% compared with the linked quarter. Criticized assets and delinquencies have remained at a relatively tight range for the past several quarters. Our common equity Tier 1 ratio decreased 63 basis points year-over-year and 71 basis points linked quarter to 9.09%, reflecting the impact of the FirstMerit transaction. Turning to slide four and getting more in-depth with the income statement. Net interest income was up 26% from year-ago quarter as were average earning assets, reflecting strong organic loan growth and the impact of the FirstMerit acquisition. The net interest margin for the quarter came in at 3.18%, up two basis points from the year-ago quarter and up 12 basis points on a linked quarter basis. Purchase accounting had a favorable impact of 12 basis points on the margin and we had an interest recovery in the quarter that added an additional two basis points. Noninterest income increased $49 million or 19% from the year-ago quarter, primarily driven by the addition of FirstMerit, but also driven by strong organic growth in mortgage banking, service charges on deposit accounts and capital markets. Noninterest expense increased $186 million or 35% from a year-ago, with significant items accounting for $116 million of the increase. After adjusting for significant items, noninterest expense increased 14%, primarily reflecting the impact of bringing FirstMerit on for one-and-a-half months in the current quarter. I want to reiterate our confidence in achieving the $255 million in total annual expense savings that we communicated when we announced the transaction. All the cost savings are identified, being executed against, and will be implemented within one year of the deal closing, with the vast majority implemented prior to or coincident with the branch and systems conversion over President's Day weekend in the first quarter of 2017. In total, we plan to consolidate 103 branches or roughly 9% of the combined post divestiture branch network. In addition, in connection with our normal periodic review of our distribution network, we will be consolidating nine legacy Huntington branches unrelated to the FirstMerit acquisition during the first quarter of 2017. Turning to slide five, let's review operating leverage. As you would expect, the combined entity has significant positive operating leverage through nine months. Positive operating leverage remains an important annual financial goal which we delivered on in 2013, 2014 and 2015 and, of course, we expect to deliver, again, in 2016. Turning to slide six, let's look at balance sheet trends. Average total loans grew 24% year-over-year, with growth excluding FirstMerit coming in at 8%. As you can see from the chart on the left side of the page, the addition of FirstMerit has not had a material impact on our earning asset mix. The chart on the right side of the page illustrates how the addition of FirstMerit has increased the proportion of low cost DDA in our funding mix. Average securities increased 32% year-over-year, primarily reflecting the addition of $7.4 billion from FirstMerit, additional investment in LCR Level 1 qualifying securities, and growth in direct purchase municipal securities in our Commercial Banking segment. Our liquidity coverage ratio was approximately 110% at quarter end. Average total debt increased $2.9 billion or 42% as a result of the issuance of $3.3 billion in senior debt over the past five quarters. Turning to slide seven, as previously discussed, we have continued to evaluate opportunities to optimize the balance sheet. And while not affecting quarterly average balances, approximately $2.6 billion of total loans and leases comprised of $1.5 billion of auto loans, $1 billion of predominantly non-relationship C&I loans and leases and $1 billion of predominantly non-relationship CRE loans were moved to loans held-for-sale at the end of the third quarter. We are taking these actions to improve risk-weighted asset efficiency and specific to the C&I and CRE assets to free up capital that was not generating acceptable returns. Regarding the $1.5 billion of auto loans moved to held-for-sale, our intention is to securitize these assets in the fourth quarter of 2016. Let me emphasize that we remain steadfast to our commitment to our auto finance business, including our well-established strategy which is built upon deep, long-term relationships with our core dealer customers and our focus on prime and super-prime indirect lending. However, we are reducing our indirect auto concentration limit back down to 150% of capital, and we are adopting an operating guideline of 125% of capital. You might remember that in mid-2015, before we had an agreement in place with FirstMerit, we increased our indirect auto concentration limit to 175% of capital. Given the larger capital base of the new combined organization, we cannot foresee any circumstance in which we would grow our indirect auto portfolio anywhere close to the 175% of capital. In addition, with the new 125% operating guideline in line, we expect to return to the securitization markets on an annual basis going forward. Moving to slide eight. Our net interest margin was 3.18% for the third quarter, up two basis points from the year-ago quarter. This increase reflected a 10 basis point increase in earning asset yields, a two basis point increase in the benefit from noninterest bearing deposits and a 10 basis point increase in funding cost. Loan yields improved 16 basis points year-over-year while securities yields declined to 12 basis points. The increase in funding cost was almost entirely driven by the impact of the debt issuances over the past five quarters as the cost of deposits was unchanged year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, the net interest margin increased by 12 basis points driven by an 11 basis point improvement in earning asset yields and a one basis point decrease in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Purchase accounting contributed 12 basis points to the margin in the third quarter. Adjusting for the impact of purchase accounting, the core net interest margins was 3.06% or unchanged from the prior quarter. In addition, similar to what we have seen in recent quarters, one large interest recovery added two basis points to the margin during the third quarter. Finally, as we communicated previously, core NIM will stay above 3% in every quarter of 2016. Slide nine illustrates the impact of our capital ratios of effectively deploying capital through the acquisition of FirstMerit. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.14%, down 75 basis points year-over-year and 82 basis points linked quarter. Common equity Tier 1 ended the quarter at 9.09%, down 63 basis points year-over-year and down 71 basis points sequentially. Referring to slide 10, we booked provision expense of $64 million compared to net charge-offs of $40 million. The higher provision expense compared to the prior quarter was the result of a higher level of net charge-offs, organic loan growth and incremental reserves on the legacy FirstMerit portfolio and excess of the credit mark due to the rate mark partially offsetting the credit mark on certain portfolios. In addition, there was approximately $10 million of incremental loan loss provision expense in the third quarter associated with the previously discussed movement of loans held-for-sale. Net charge-offs, while higher, represented an annualized 26 basis points of average loans and leases, which remains below our long-term target of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. The allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans decreased to 1.06%, reflecting the addition of the FirstMerit loan portfolio to the denominator, without additional reserves being added to the numerator due to the credit mark applied through the purchase accounting process. The nonaccrual loan coverage ratio increased to 174% as a result of the continued decline in nonaccrual loans. On slide 11, the asset quality metrics remain favorable in the quarter as indicated. The nonperforming asset ratio increased further, reaching its lowest level in two years at 0.72%. The criticized asset ratio increased modestly to 3.54% but has remained in the 3.5% range for the past several quarters. Delinquencies were also well controlled, having remained relatively flat for the past six quarters. Let me now turn the presentation over to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Mac. Normally, at this point in our quarterly discussion, I would provide you with an update on our Optimal Customer Relationship or OCR strategy. However, we've removed those slides from the presentation this quarter, given the recent addition of FirstMerit and our inability to produce similar data for legacy FirstMerit customers. We believe providing OCR data for just legacy Huntington customers will not provide you with the complete picture. Let me assure you, though, that we remain fully committed to our Fair Play philosophy and OCR strategy, which is built upon the simple thesis of putting customers first, looking after their needs, and doing the right thing will result in more substantial, long-term customer relationships. Now, for years, we've focused on customer acquisition and relationship deepening with our Fair Play banking philosophy and our OCR strategy. While this was considered a contrarian approach when we started these actions back in 2009 and 2010, the results paint a picture of resounding success. And I want to stress that we are not just seeking relationship growth but, indeed, are looking to deepen existing relationships. Our OCR strategy is also built upon the fundamental belief that we are here to understand and serve our customers' needs. The Fair Play banking philosophy starts with doing the right thing for our customers with products and services that are simple, clear and fair. We couple that with a customer experience designed to fit their needs, not ours. For us, the strategy has remained consistent since it was put in place in 2010 and it continues to bear fruit. In light of the recent headlines, some of you have asked about our sales and incentive compensation practices and complaint management, particularly with respect to our OCR strategy. The focus of our OCR model is on building, deep, trusted and lasting relationships. And this is achieved by getting to know our customers, understanding their needs and helping them meet their financial needs with the appropriate products and services. Further, Huntington is a company built upon a distinguished legacy of superior customer service. Our Fair Play philosophy and welcome culture are built upon the premise and promise of doing the right thing for our customers. As you'd expect, given the investor, media and regulatory interest in this matter, we've undertaken a detailed review of our practices, policies and procedures for any signs of misalignment of incentives or other areas of risk or concern. While the review is ongoing, to-date, we've not uncovered any systemic, cultural or operational areas of concern. We will likely refine some of our monitoring, but we do not anticipate any material changes to our practices or procedures and certainly not to our overall OCR strategy. Moving to the economy, slide 12 contains what we feel to be some of the more meaningful economic indicators for our footprint. The bottom left chart illustrates trends in the unemployment rates across our now eight core Midwestern states. As you can see, the majority of our footprint remains at or below the national unemployment rates relative to the national average with Ohio, Michigan, Indiana and Wisconsin particularly showing resilience this past quarter. Charts on the top and bottom right show coincident and leading economic indicators for the region. The bottom chart, which shows leading indexes for our footprint as of August, show that all eight states in our footprint expect positive economic growth over the next six months. Slide 13 focuses on trends and unemployment rates in our largest metropolitan areas, and many of the large MSAs in the footprint remain at or near 15-year lows for unemployment, at the end of August. Also notable, 11 of the top 15 MSAs experienced declining unemployment rates in the last three months. The auto industry is still strong and is a major economic contributor within our footprint, but the housing markets are also strong. Labor market in our footprint has proven to be strong in 2016 with several markets such as here in Columbus, where we are at structural full employment. We are seeing wage inflation in our expense base and our customers are too. State and local governments continue to operate with surpluses. Ohio, Indiana and Michigan continue to outpace overall U.S. growth, since the recovery. We remain confident in our footprint Midwest economies, based on the sustained job growth and economic production since the recovery that began after The Great Recession. Turning to slide 14, I'd like to give you some closing remarks and important messages. We remain focused on delivering consistent, through the cycle, shareholder returns. The strategy entails reducing short-term volatility, achieving top tier performance over the long-term, and maintaining our aggregate moderate to low risk profile throughout. As you heard Mac mention earlier, the acquisition and integration of FirstMerit provides what we believe is an opportunity to achieve significant cost savings and improve our overall efficiency. We're committed to and progressing as planned toward realizing our targeted $255 million of annual cost savings from the acquisition. We continue to win new customers through a strong and recognizable consumer brand with differentiated products and superior customer service. The new customers and dynamic markets offers, from the FirstMerit acquisition, provide a deeper and more vibrant pool to deliver our value proposition and add customers and deepen relationships. We have invested and will continue to invest in our businesses, particularly around enhanced sales management, mobile and digital technologies, data analytics and optimizing our retail distribution network. Importantly, we plan to continue to manage our expenses appropriately within our revenue outlook. We always like to include a reminder that there is a high level of alignment between the board, management, our employees and our shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively among the largest shareholders of Huntington. We uphold the retirement requirements on certain shares and are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. We're highly focused on our commitment to being good stewards of shareholder capital. Looking forward to full year 2016 results, excluding the impact of significant items, we expect total revenues to increase 16% to 18% and noninterest expenses to increase 13% to 15%. We expect to deliver positive operating leverage for the fourth consecutive year. We expect the asset quality metrics to remain near current levels, including net charge-offs remaining below our long-term target of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. And consistent with our historical practice, we anticipate we'll provide initial expectations for 2017 at an investor conference later this quarter. Finally, we are very pleased with the smooth integration process with FirstMerit, which we acquired on August 16. The divestiture of 13 branches, primarily in the Canton, Ohio market will occur this quarter. We've completed the onboarding and initial training of our new colleagues and fully implemented the organizational changes for the combined entity that we announced last summer. 103 branch consolidations will occur coincident with the branch conversion in February of 2017. Our systems conversion planning efforts continue to progress, as our IT teams have completed all product and data mapping and are now managing system testing and preparing for mock conversions. So now, I'll turn it back over to Mark, so we can get to your questions. Thank you.
Mark Muth - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then, if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers. Please state your firm. Your line is open.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Good morning, guys.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Good morning, Scott.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hi, Scott.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Hey. A quick question on the provision. Mac, I appreciate the color on the roughly $10 million or so of provision that might have been kind of unusual related to the move of loans for held-for-sale. But, I was hoping you might be able to give just a little more color on rationale behind such an elevated provision. And kind of whether or not, I guess, (24:13) to exclude the $10 million going forward if something in the $55 million range represents kind of a new customer elevated run rate, that has been the case more recently. So just, I guess, really any color that you can provide, please.
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Sure. Scott, this is Dan. So, there's a couple of things going on in the quarter. First, we did have higher charge-offs than what we have been experiencing although still below our long-term expectations. So, replenishing the $40 million of charge-offs was one piece of that. Second, as you've already noted, we had the movement of loans to held-for-sale. We also had the organic originations from FirstMerit post-closing. So, the new loans that are generated have allowance associated with them. And then, we did have a portfolio where we had a positive rate mark that offset the credit mark. So, it's recorded at a premium. So, we have allowance build there. So, I wouldn't say that this is a situation where this is the new normal. I think, this was a bit of an outlier and I think on a go-forward basis, we will have provision expense that is more in line with charge-offs and with an allowance for some growth. I also would note that, in the quarter, charge-offs were up partially due to the fact that we had lower recoveries in the C&I portfolio. That added about $5 million of additional charge-off over what we have been experiencing. So, we had quite a number of factors that would have resulted in the higher provision this quarter.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: And, Scott, I think this is where we see the volatility that we've been talking about in terms of charge-offs because of the low levels that we're running at. As Dan mentioned, it's a credit or two on the commercial side without the recoveries to offset that. So, clearly, the volatility is as we expected. And I would say that there's probably about $12 million that Dan mentioned associated with the loans held-for-sale and kind of the date to FirstMerit provision for the portfolios that he mentioned that had higher interest marks.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: And, Scott, just one other comment. I think just as you're looking at it go-forward, the asset quality metrics in terms of the criticized, we had a reduction in nonaccruals, et cetera. So, very steady delinquencies. So there's nothing out there that would indicate that we expect a turn here, so, just in terms of you thinking about provisioning going forward.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners LP: Yeah. Okay. That's good color. Thank you guys very much.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey. Please state your firm. Your line is open.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey. Good morning, guys. With FBR. I wanted to touch base on net interest margin. Is the 11 basis points some sort of one-time thing from accelerated pay-offs on acquired loans or is this more the level that we'll just gradually amortize lower over time? And then maybe could you sort of tell us what the margin was in the month of September, so we can think about a starting point headed into the fourth quarter?
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So, Bob, I would think about that core margin as being 3.04%  3.06% absent of purchase accounting impact and it's two basis points for the interest recovery that we had in the quarter that added two basis points to it. There probably was about $4 million or $5 million in the quarter related to accelerated accretion for early pay-offs and those types of things. But, I think, thinking about the rest of it from a purchase accounting perspective and thinking about projecting that forward would be the right way to think about it. We are comfortable with the core margin staying above 3% for the remainder of the year. And I think it's also important to note that, on a core basis, FirstMerit was accretive to the core margin simply because of asset mix and the fact that they brought more DDA to the funding mix as well.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. And I guess, given the full quarter impact next quarter, so should we really be thinking about something above the 3.04% on a core basis? And do you know sort of what the core was, I guess, at the end of the quarter as we head into the fourth?
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. I think 3.04% is the right way to think about the core. The purchase accounting piece is a bit difficult because of what could happen from an accelerated accretion perspective, but I think you're pretty safe thinking about that core of 3.04%.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thanks, Bob.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos. Your line is open. Please state your firm.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: JPMorgan. Hey. Good morning, everybody.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hey, Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: I wanted to first follow-up on Steve's comments regarding the customer acquisition and cross-sell strategies being under review. Do you guys currently use sales orders in the incentive comp calculation for branches, frontline folks? And do you think you'll need to more broadly change the incentive systems?
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: We don't anticipate any meaningful change in incentive systems. There are certain things that we measure top of the house that are not pushed down at the account level, so  or at the officer level. So, that would include  we focus our branches and officers on revenue, not product-specific or product required sales, Steven. So, we don't anticipate any meaningful change on the incentive plans from where we are now. And I do think we'll put more sort of oversight and analysis in, but we've already been doing a fair amount of that.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's helpful. And then, maybe a follow-up. A lot of moving pieces to the loan balances in the quarter. Can you give us a sense of what organic loan growth looked like in the quarter if we just think about Huntington on its own, maybe adjusting out some of the movements in the held-for-sale?
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yes. So, Steven, it'd be about 8% year-over-year, and it would be the categories that we've talked about previously that were driving the growth. It's indirect auto, its equipment financing, at least, on the Huntington side. I think we continue to see good pipelines on the commercial side of the business. And, I think, resi probably had some growth in the quarter as well. So, those were the categories that have been good for us this year. And the 8% is not out of balance, maybe a little bit higher than where we've been so far quarter-by-quarter this year.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Pipelines look strong at this point as we go into the fourth quarter in those categories, Steven, as well.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thanks for the color.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin. Please state your firm. Your line is open.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Ken from Jefferies.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hi, Ken.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Mac, I was wondering if you could walk us a little bit through the landing point for the balance sheet, meaning that it looks like you've got a whole bunch of pending and future loan sales. You got the divestitures. You've got core growth going on. And so, where do you see kind of pro forma ending up maybe as a fourth quarter start point, just so we can understand once you've moved through some of this additional clean-up underneath as a base.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Yeah. Let's see if there might be a page we can direct you to in the deck. I mean, if you take a look at page 30 of the slide deck, might be the best place to look. It's September 30 balance sheet. It's on the asset side. And you can see that total commercial loans sort of about $35 billion at a spot basis, consumer about $31.4 billion and total loans and leases are about $66 billion.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Right. So, with the pending sales, though, does that  that's in the loans or in  already moved to the held-for-sale, right? So, period-end, we should think about that whole loans for-sale bucket going away and then you use the what's left kind of as the new base for loans?
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Exactly. So, you can see loans held-for-sale about four or five lines down there at $3.4 billion.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Yes.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So, those were already taken out.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Yes. Okay.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So, those are actually  yes. Go ahead.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: No. That's fine. Then, just in terms of just your  the rest of liquidity and any changes to your funding mix going forward? What do you  do you anticipate continuing to build the securities book or is that now on a pro forma basis also in the right zone?
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: The securities book will go up a bit from here, because we are going to replace the auto loans with zero weighted risk-weighted assets. So, think about maybe another $2 billion or so in securities. So, that will come on, some others have already come on, some will come on in the fourth quarter as well.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: From a funding perspective, for the other loans that we're going to sell, we're going to pay down funding sources.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Well, I wouldn't see any material change in the way we're going to fund the balance sheet.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thank you guys.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Ken, some of the puts and takes on the restructuring are on slide seven, the optimization.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Is that good, Ken? Did we gave you what you need?
Ken Usdin - Jefferies LLC: Yeah. I think so. Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe. Your line is open.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. Morning.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just have a question on the auto side. Obviously, you reduced the concentration limits. You guys want to hold. You want to do more securitizations. How much of that relates to the environment that we're in for auto? Like are you seeing any deterioration in the broader industry auto credit that's leaving you to get more conservative? Thanks.
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Hey, Ken, this is Dan. We've commented on the past that we observe what's going on in the marketplace, but it really doesn't impact our business model or our performance. So we have not changed our view on the auto portfolio at all. And as we referenced in the slides, we continue to show our history of performance in originations. Haven't moved off that. We don't have a change in our go-forward view of what we believe we're going to experience. So, while there may be activities going out in the market that are of concern, because of our prime, super-prime focus, because of our strong origination scores, absence of risk layering, we have not changed our view at all with regard to the quality of the portfolio.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. No, that helps. And then, just to be clear on the comment you guys made, if I understood the prepared remarks correctly, I thought I heard you said that you're reducing the limit to the $150 million because sort of "you can't originate enough to get you up to $175 million." Did I  I just want to make sure I fully understand the rationale of why your limits are going down. Thanks.
Howell D. McCullough - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: So, yes. So, the $175 million was put in place before we had an agreement with FirstMerit. So, it was put in place on a smaller capital base and we define capital as Tier 1 capital plus the allowance. So, there really wasn't an ability for us to get to the $175 million. We're not going to be a national player in auto. We like the geography that we're in. We like the business model that we have in place. We're not going to change the underwriting or the risk profile. And, quite frankly, as we bring on FirstMerit, we have other opportunities to invest capital at higher returns. So that's primarily why we did it. We've always been at $150 million historically, and we just feel that operating at $125 million gives us flexibility to perhaps go over $125 million from a timing perspective, if we're getting the securitization done. And if we don't like the market conditions, we can hold this above $125 million until we like the market conditions. So, that's the way we're thinking about it.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: All right. Great. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Stephen D. Steinour - Huntington Bancshares, Inc.: Okay. The third quarter was highlighted by the closing of FirstMerit acquisition and our continued strong financial performance. With sound fundamentals in place, we're well-positioned for solid performance in the coming quarters. And our strategies are working. Our execution remains focused and strong. We expect to continue to gain market share and improve share of wallet. The addition of FirstMerit's solid balance sheet, strong credit performance, valuable customer base and dynamic new markets provide opportunity to further augment or accelerate the achievement of our long-term financial goals. Finally, I want to close by reiterating that our board and this management team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priority is integrating FirstMerit and growing our core business while managing risks, reducing volatility and driving solid, consistent long-term performance. So, thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth - Director of Investor Relations Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Daniel J. Neumeyer - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC
Operator: Good morning. My name is Carol, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares Second Quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations.
Mark Muth - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you, Carol, and welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we'll be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington-ir.com, or by following the Investor Relations link on www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast, starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, will also be participating in the Q&A portion of today's call. As noted on slide two, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to the slide and materials filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let's get started by turning to slide three and an overview of the financials. Mac?
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Thanks, Mark, and thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. We appreciate your interest and support. It's an exciting time for Huntington. We saw continued solid execution in the second quarter of 2016, built on the strong foundation and momentum demonstrated in the first quarter. We believe we have a good story to share with you this morning. We have followed a contrarian path since 2009, focused on building a strong recognizable brand, differentiated product set and industry-leading customer service. While others have pulled back with a focus on cost-cutting, we invested on our franchise, built our Fair Play philosophy and our welcome culture. Second quarter results, again, provide proof that our strategies are working and that we are executing at a high level. Turning to slide three, let's review the financial highlights of our second quarter. Huntington reported earnings per common share of $0.19, inclusive of $0.02 per share of significant items related to the costs associated with the integration of the pending FirstMerit acquisition. Tangible book value per share increased 9% to $7.29. Reported return on tangible common equity was 11%, while reported return on assets was 0.96%. Fundamental trends were in line with our expectations. Compared to the second quarter of 2015, revenue grew by 1% despite an $8 million impact from net MSR activity and the realization of a $5 million gain on the securitization of auto loans in the second quarter of 2015. Net interest income growth of 3% was largely responsible for reported revenue growth. We continue to believe that our ability to deliver consistent top line growth despite the challenging interest rate environment distinguishes Huntington from our peers. Non-interest expense increased $32 million or 6% year-over-year, including $21 million incurred in relation to the integration of our pending acquisition of FirstMerit. Non-interest expense adjusted for the FirstMerit integration expense increased 3% year-over-year. Our reported efficiency ratio for the quarter was 66.1%. However, the FirstMerit integration expense increased the reported efficiency ratio by 260 basis points. While we remain above our long-term efficiency goal of 56% to 59%, improving operating efficiency continues to be the top priority for our management team. We remain confident that productivity improvements from the FirstMerit integration will significantly accelerate our ability to achieve this important financial goal. Balance sheet growth continued to be strong. Average loans grew 8% year-over-year, while average core deposits grew 5%, marking the eighth consecutive quarter of year-over-year core deposit growth being at least 5%. Overall credit performance continues to demonstrate our commitment to an aggregate moderate to low risk profile. Second quarter net charge-offs of 13 basis points remain well below our long-term financial target of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. Non-performing assets decreased 7% linked quarter. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.96%, up 4 basis points year-over-year and 7 basis points linked quarter. And our CET1 ratio trended up 15 basis points year-over-year and 7 basis points quarter-over-quarter. Turning to slide four, and diving in deeper to the income statement, net interest income was up 3% from the year-ago quarter, primarily reflecting strong earning asset growth of 8%, which was partially offset by 14 basis points of net interest margin compression. Non-interest income was down $11 million or 4% from a year ago, impacted by 8 million of net MSR activity and a $5 million gain on the securitization of auto loans in the second quarter of 2015. Reflecting the strength of new household acquisition out of our OCR strategy, service charges on deposit accounts increased 8%, card and payment processing income increased 9%. Trust service revenue in the quarter was impacted by the sale of our funds and fund-servicing businesses, as well as an ongoing shift in the product mix. Non-interest expense increased $32 million or 6% from a year ago, with FirstMerit integration expense accounting for $21 million of the increase. After adjusting for FirstMerit integration expense, non-interest expense increased 3%, primarily driven by salary expense, medical claims, and technology investments. Of note, we continue to see wage inflation, given the relatively low unemployment levels in many of our markets. Turning to slide five, let's look at balance sheet trends. Disciplined and strong loan and lease growth continued in the second quarter, increasing 8% year-over-year. Growth was spread among many portfolios, but commercial banking and auto lending continue to lead the pack. Auto lending increased 26% from the year-ago quarter, as production continued at record levels, while we maintained our long-standing underwriting consistency and discipline. Slides 46 to 49 in the appendix show the underwriting has not changed, and our credit performance remains superior. Our auto portfolio continues to demonstrate industry-leading performance. Our C&I portfolio grew 8%, driven by equipment finance, dealer floor plan and corporate banking. Average securities increased 15%, primarily reflecting reinvestment of portfolio run-off into LCR-compliant securities, and to a lesser extent, growth in direct purchase municipal securities in our Commercial Banking segment. We remain above the 100% threshold for the liquidity coverage ratio. Strong growth in our loan and securities portfolio amounted to an overall 8% increase in our average earning assets from the year-ago quarter. Moving to the right side of the slide, average total deposits increased 5% over the year-ago quarter, including a 5% increase in average core deposits. Demand deposits continue to drive growth, increasing 11% year-over-year, including a 4% increase in non-interest-bearing demand deposits, and a 28% increase in interest-bearing demand deposits. Our focus on new consumer checking, household and commercial relationship account acquisition, as well as relationship deepening continue to drive growth in demand deposits. Average total debt increased $1.7 billion or 23% as a result of the issuance of $3.1 billion in senior debt over the past five quarters, which was partially offset by a $1.1 billion decrease in short-term borrowings. Money market deposits increased by $0.7 billion or 4% from the year-ago quarter, reflecting improved cross-sell and targeted marketing. We also continued remixing our deposit base, moving consumer deposits out of higher cost CDs into other, less expensive deposit products. As a result, average core CDs decreased $0.6 billion or 24% year-over-year. The net interest margin was 3.06% for the second quarter, down 14 basis points from the year-ago quarter. The decrease reflected a 4 basis point decrease in earning asset yield and a 14 basis point increase in funding cost. Loan yields were only down 2 basis points year-over-year, while security yields declined 9 basis points. The increase in funding cost was almost entirely driven by the impact of the debt issuances over the past four quarters, as the cost of deposits only increased 1 basis point year-over-year. On a linked quarter basis, the net interest margin decreased by 5 basis points, driven by a 3 basis point decrease in earning asset yield, and a 4 basis point increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. Recall that last quarter's NIM benefited from approximately 2 basis points of interest recoveries in the commercial real estate portfolio. Though modest further NIM compression is expected to continue given the rate environment, we continue to expect net interest margin at stand-alone Huntington to remain above 3% for the remaining two quarters of 2016. Slide seven provides an update on our asset sensitivity positioning and how we manage interest rate risks. As shown in the chart on top, our modeling for stand-alone Huntington projects that net interest income would benefit by 4.1% if interest rates were to gradually ramp 200 basis points in addition to increases already reflected in the curve  implied forward curve. This is an increase of roughly 50 basis points from a quarter ago as our asset swap book continue to mature. Though we expect additional run-off from our asset swap book in coming quarters, the portfolio is laddered and there are no cliffs moving on the horizon. As shown on the bottom right in a hypothetical scenario without the $4.7 billion of remaining asset swaps, the estimated benefit is projected to be 5.4%, in the up 200 basis point gradual ramp scenario. The chart on the bottom of the slide shows our $4.7 billion asset swap portfolio and $6.8 billion liability swap portfolio, including their respective average remaining lives and their impact on net interest income. The incremental benefit of swaps was $19 million in the 2016 second quarter, down slightly from $21 million in the first quarter and $26 million in the year-ago quarter. 75% of the $19 million in swap benefit in the second quarter was from liability swaps with the remainder coming from asset swaps. Turning to slide eight, we see our capital ratios which increased across the board on both the year-over-year and linked-quarter basis. Tangible common equity as of the quarter is 7.96%, up 4 basis points year-over-year, and 7 basis points linked quarter. During the quarter, we issued an additional $200 million of attractively priced fixed rate preferred equity on top of the $400 million issued late in the first quarter. Referring to slide nine, we booked provision expense of $25 million compared to net charge-offs of $17 million. This modest reserve bill, along with the reduction in NPLs, led to a 151% NAL coverage ratio, as noted in the chart on the right. The ACL as a percentage of loans fell 1 basis point to 1.33% due to portfolio growth. Asset quality metrics were favorable in the quarter as indicated on slide 10. NPA is still in the quarter, as new inflows were down substantially for prior periods. The criticized asset ratio was down modestly, falling 3.5% to 3.44%. New additions to criticized were offset by upgrades and pay downs. Delinquencies were also well-controlled, exhibiting continued reductions. Let me now turn the presentation over to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Mac. I want to use the next few slides to talk about our industry-leading customer acquisition. Mac mentioned at the beginning of the call that we've taken a contrarian approach for the past several years, focusing on customer acquisition and relationship deepening through our Fair Play banking philosophy. Slide 10 (sic) [Slide 11] shows the fruits of our labor. And as you can see, both consumer and business relationships are up substantially since 2009. Consumer households have experienced an 8% compound annual growth since 2010, while business relationships have experienced 5% compound annual growth over the same time period. We can see the relationship growth flowing through to revenue growth as business revenues have seen 9% compound annual growth since 2009, while consumer revenues are up 5% over the same period. I want to call out particularly strong revenue growth on the consumer side over the last five quarters. We've not always seen the revenue benefit on the consumer side, but we've now overcome the headwind of the latest adjustments under our Fair Play philosophy implemented in the third quarter of 2014. And the investments in data and analytics we began in 2015 are starting to show results. We experienced 10% year-over-year growth in consumer household revenue in the second quarter of 2016, along with 5% linked quarter growth. Now, these are very strong numbers, and we're optimistic we can build on these in coming quarters. It's not just about relationship growth, but indeed, the deepening of our existing relationships. For us, this strategy has remained consistent, since put in place in 2009, and we continue to see progress. The next two slides show how we think about deepening relationships with our customers. As of quarter end, 52% of our consumer checking households use six or more products and services, up from 51% a year ago. On the commercial side, 47% use four of our products  or more of our products and services, up from 43% a year ago. These figures are important, and ones we monitor closely. We believe the revenue growth is result of a deeper understanding and relationship with our customers. The fair banking philosophy starts with doing the right thing for our customers, but that's just the beginning of any single customer relationship. To achieve the full potential on both sides, we have to better understand the individual customer needs and tailor our product, services and experiences to fit those needs. So, we're not just adding new customers, we're making sure we can better serve and foster a mutually beneficial relationship with our total customer base, all of our existing relationships. Moving to the economy. Slide 14 contains what we feel to be some of the more meaningful economic indicators for our footprint. The bottom-left chart illustrates trends in unemployment rates across our six Midwestern states. And as you can see, the majority of our footprint has shown marked improvement in unemployment rates relative to the national average. And Ohio and Michigan, in particular, remain at or near their lowest level since the early-2000s. The chart on top and bottom right show coincident and leading economic indicators for the region. The bottom chart, which shows leading indexes for our footprint as of May shows that five states of the six states in our footprint expect positive economic growth over the next six months. Slide 15 takes a deeper look at the trends in unemployment rates in our largest metropolitan markets. Many of the large MSAs' footprint were near 15-year lows for unemployment rate at the end of May. Ohio, Indiana and Michigan, in particular, continue to outpace overall U.S. growth since the recovery. There's additional cause for optimism here in our home footprint. Per capita disposable personal income growth has outpaced the national average through the recovery, and continued to do so through the second quarter. Housing markets in the footprint and especially here in Ohio have shown to be far more stable than the national average. Affordability in the Midwest is the best in the country. A higher rate in the Midwest continues to be among the highest in the nation, and over 50% of net manufacturing jobs created in the country since the recession are in Ohio, Michigan and Indiana. Three states have over 50% of the net manufacturing increase since the recession. Despite continued market volatility and global macroeconomic uncertainty, we remain confident in the economy in our footprint. Indeed, the average consumer remains confident in our footprint economy as consumer confidence in the Midwest is near the 2002 levels. Now, we recognize the escalation of market and global volatility in recent months and the threat it can pose to business here in our footprint, but effects, so far, had been modest. Turning to slide 16, operating leverage. The first six months through the year was slightly negative, which was consistent with our internal forecast. Recall, this is almost exactly where we were at the end of the second quarter of 2015. We delivered positive operating leverage in 2015, which was our third consecutive year of doing so. And positive operating leverage remains an annual financial goal. So, with that, let's turn to slide 20 (sic) [slide 17] for some closing remarks and important messages. We remain focused on delivering consistent, through the cycle shareholder returns. This strategy entails reducing short-term volatility, achieving top tier performance over the long term and maintaining our aggregate to moderate risk to low risk profile throughout. Our DFAST stress loss estimates continue to reflect comparatively well, and for this year, included FirstMerit loan portfolios. Our value proposition for both consumers and businesses continues to drive industry-leading new customer acquisition. We've successfully built a strong and recognizable consumer brand, with differentiated products and superior customer service. For the third year in a row, we were recognized for leading customer satisfaction by J.D. Power and others. We continue to execute our strategies and refine or react when necessary. We have invested and will continue to invest in our businesses, particularly around enhanced sales management, mobile and digital technologies, data analytics and optimizing our retail distribution network. Importantly, we plan to continue to manage our expenses appropriately within our revenue outlook. We expect to grow revenue. We expect growth within our core Midwest footprint local economies and the businesses and consumers with them. We are prudently managing certain industries or sectors potentially impacted by the market volatility and global macroeconomic uncertainty. However, we believe these risks remain well-contained. We see no evidence of near-term deterioration or problems looming on the horizon. Customer sentiment remains positive. Pressure on our NIM will remain a modest headwind in the near term. We continue to expect the NIM for stand-alone Huntington will remain above 3% for each quarter throughout 2016. We expect to grow revenue despite this pressure, consistent to our 4% to 6% long-term financial goal, excluding significant items, net MSR activity, and the impact of FirstMerit. We will continue to pace ongoing investments in our businesses consistent with our revenue outlook and consistent with our long-term goal of annual positive operating leverage. We continue to monitor our loan portfolio very closely. And given the absolute low level of our credit metrics and recent market and global economic volatility, we do expect some volatility in our credit metrics going forward, and as we stated last quarter, anticipate that loan loss provisions for both ourselves and the broader industry will gradually begin to return to more normalized levels. Let me stress, we do not see any material deterioration on the horizon. We're simply moving off cyclical lows, and we'll gradually move back towards normal for both provisioning and net charge-offs. We expect our net charge-offs for the year will remain below our long-term expected range of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. Next, we always like to include a reminder that there's a high level of alignment between the board, management, our employees, and our shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively the sixth largest shareholder of Huntington. We have hold-through-retirement requirements on certain shares and are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. We're highly focused on our commitment to being good stewards of shareholder capital. Finally, before we move into the Q&A period, I'd like to tell you how pleased we are with the progress we're making with FirstMerit. We recently received sign-off from the Department of Justice for a divestiture that resolves our concentration issue, which was primarily in the Canton, Ohio market. We've identified the branch closures that will occur coincident with the branch conversion in the first quarter of next year. We also continue to make progress in building out the organization for the combined entity. Our systems conversion planning efforts continue to progress, as our IT teams have completed all product mapping and are in the final stage of completing all data mapping. Indeed, we're coding now for the conversion. Finally, we remain confident that the transaction will close in the third quarter of 2016. I'll now turn it back over to Mark, so we can get to your questions. Thank you.
Mark Muth - Director of Investor Relations: Thanks, Steve. Operator, we'll now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: And your first question today comes from Erika Najarian from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Good morning, Erica.
Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Erica.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, I apologize if you've already addressed it in the prepared remarks. There are a bunch of calls that are happening today. Very much noting that you've reiterated your goal for revenue growth and annual positive operating leverage, and I'm wondering how we should think of that $503 million core run rate as we move into the second half of the year? And also, as we think about core Huntington ex FirstMerit for 2017, I know it's a little too early, but you do have some peers that in the face of lower for even longer did give a little bit more color on how they're thinking about expense management over the medium term. And just wanted to get your thoughts on that.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah. Hi, Erika, it's Mac. So, as you think about the expense base in the second quarter, keep in mind, we're very focused on the FirstMerit integration. We've had a lot of focus, a lot of attention going into that. We're being very disciplined in how we approach the expenditures right now. And I think, that's a good base if you think about core Huntington. As it relates to 2017 and beyond, the focus we have on positive operating leverage, we are going to each planning year, understanding the revenue environment. And in particular, we've been planning, assuming a rate environment that's flat. And we've been building our expense base that allows us to achieve positive operating leverage. So, we're going to continue to take that approach going forward. Also, keep in mind, we've got the cost takeouts from FirstMerit that will start to materialize in 2016 and 2017. And we're highly confident in terms of the cost takeout achievement that we put on the table.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And just a follow-up question on CCAR, clearly, a lot of ink has been written about your quantitative results. And I'm wondering if you could share any insight in terms of how that process went, and how  the Fed was thinking about the timing of the deal close and whether or not that those results are really just sort of onetime in your mind relative to the timing of when the deal was going to close.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yes. It's a good question, Erika. And, clearly, we don't have complete insights into what happens inside the black box. And we do think that the process is very different for a company that's going through an acquisition, if that's included in the CCAR results. But let me just point out a few things that could help reconcile the numbers from a capital perspective. So, we knew going into this year's CCAR process that we were below our peer group in terms of CET1, probably to the tune of 120 basis points on average. And that really comes back to the fact that we were pretty aggressive in 2014 and 2015 in returning earnings to shareholders, probably 76% on average across the two years. Also, keep in mind that we did the Macquarie acquisition without issuing any capital. So, that put us in a lower starting point relative to the peers. We also disclosed on announcement of FirstMerit that we had 100 basis point impact to CET1 because of the structure of the transaction, so that impacted as well. And then, finally, we know that as we went through a business combination in a severely adverse scenario inside the CCAR process, that it probably cost us 50 basis points to 70 basis points of CET1. So, when you reconcile all those things and consider everything but the starting position, it really is related to going through the business combination in the CCAR process.
Erika P. Najarian - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Bob Ramsey with FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey. Good morning, guys.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Good morning, Bob.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I just wondering if you could touch a little bit on the personnel cost. The adjusted personnel cost number was higher than we were looking for. Was there much in terms of variable comp related to the strong mortgage banking quarter in that number, or what were some of the drivers of the sequential increase in the quarter that, I guess, seasonally usually would be a little bit better?
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah. Bob, there were a few things that impacted that. I think you did see merit increases come into effect in the quarter. We also had some higher comp related to mortgage, as you point out. And then we have higher healthcare costs, which I pointed out in my comments, just some higher medical expense relative to prior years. But those are the primary things that impact that. And I would say, outside of the medical costs, nothing extraordinary.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Can you quantify the medical and the  maybe the variable mortgage comp?
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: In the scheme of things, I think the medical might have been a couple million dollars. And the mortgage comp side, I don't really have it at my fingertips right now.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. And then it was a real strong quarter for mortgage banking. Curious just how the pipeline looks headed into the third quarter, and whether you think this is a level that we repeat in this third quarter possibly?
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah. Pipelines are strong. We're seeing good purchase volume. And, of course, refi is picking up as well. So, really, really good quarter, as you point out. And, in particular, when you think about year-over-year, the $8 million MSR net impact, $6 million gain last year, $2 million loss this year. So, the outlook is good, just given where the pipeline is today.
Bob H. Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott, Autonomous. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP: Hello. Good morning. Thank you for taking the questions. Two more CCAR-related questions. The  I guess, a question and a follow-up. But the first is you said in the presentation when you announced the FirstMerit deal that you were suspending the buyback, I think, until the deal closed? And then, no announcement, no buyback, asked for the full CCAR submission. So, why that change? And then, secondly, just wanted to clarify on the 4Q 2016 to Q2 2015, 50% total payout. Do we now just think about that leading from 3Q 2017 to 2Q 2018 up for that shorter period? Thank you.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yes. Geoff, it's Mac. So, starting with the first question. Clearly, as we went through CCAR this year, the most important outcome for us was getting the FirstMerit deal through the process and getting approval for the deal itself. Of course, we're still waiting for approval, we expect that to happen in the third quarter. But we just thought it best to be a bit cautious and making sure that we got through the process, because we can create so much more value by getting FirstMerit closed early and on time relative to the buyback that we had in for 2016 CCAR process. What I would tell you going forward is that we'll take each year as it comes. Next year is a different process. We expect to be in a different position. Not quite sure what the economic scenarios that the Fed will give to us will look like. So, don't want to comment on what the future looks like. But that's basically our thought process around this year's process.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP: And do you expect the deal closing during 3Q?
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: We still expect to get the 3Q closing.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research LLP: Thank you.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from Marty Mosby from Vining Sparks. Your line is open.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: Thanks. Mac, you're increasing your asset sensitivity in a time when most of the market is expecting a lot less in rate hikes. You have a lot of banks that are moving the other direction. They've been asset-sensitive throughout, anticipating what the Fed was going to do. Now that they don't have that hope anymore, they're kind of swimming, what I would call, out of the pool of pain and trying to get as much as they can before the yield curve kind of collapses on the back end on them. You're really going in the opposite direction and creating a lot of revenue headwinds when you're looking at about $10 million from the peak of what you were getting out of the swaps. Are you still committed to do this, and do you feel like  what's the behind-the-scenes driving you in this direction?
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah. Thanks, Marty. So, just a few things to think about. So, the asset sensitivity numbers that we published are a 200 basis point gradual increase scenario. If you think about where the rate curve is today and you think about a flat rate environment going forward, over the next 12 months we have maybe 1 basis point or two basis points of margin at risk. So, I'm not totally uncomfortable with that position, plus we've got the FirstMerit closing, integration, and I would say, optimization of the two balance sheets as they come together. So, we have that entire process to work through as well. So, that's the way I'd take a look at it. We feel good about the margin and where it's at today. We still believe that we're above 3% for the remainder of the year in core Huntington. And if you take a look at FirstMerit, excluding any impact from the first accounting adjustments, it's actually additive to the margin. So, that's our perspective, Marty.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: When you're looking at issuing the debt, what are you matching that up against on the asset side? So, kind of what is the  is there a balance in securities and trying to not have any more asset sensitivity come from that initiative as well, or are you matching it against shorter-term assets that will increase your asset sensitivity?
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah. It's primarily funding the securities. And that's been a bit of the pressure that we've had on the margin over the past year. Today, we're bringing securities on at probably close to 1.9%. And the next issuance that we  if we issued debt today, we'd probably be in the 210 basis points range, something like that, swap to floating. So, you can see where some of the pressure starts to build from a margin perspective. But having said that, we're at 115% LCR right now. We feel good about where we are from a securities perspective. And really, we're just replacing and also keeping in mind the amount of debt that we need from a rating agency perspective and an FDIC perspective.
Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks IBG LP: Thanks.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: You bet. Take care.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bill Carcache from Nomura. Your line is open.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you. Good morning.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Hi, Bill.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: You guys have been  Hi. You guys have been spot on in calling for used car prices to continue to hold up, even when others have kind of taken the opposing view, and really just based on the idea that new car payments continue to exceed used car payments by increasingly larger amounts and not everyone can afford a new car payment. And that's been the right view. And as we look at the market now though, it seems like there's increasingly more controversy around whether the Manheim Index can hold up from its current levels. Can you share your updated thoughts on the sustainability of used car prices at these levels, and how important is that to the continued health of the market?
Daniel J. Neumeyer - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer: Sure, Bill. This is Dan. We plan  one, the Manheim scale, as you suggested, it has held up. And we don't expect it to necessarily be sustained at those levels, but even when we look at a worst-case scenario, I think we have a chart in the deck that shows what the Manheim has been over the last 10 or so years, and I think it bottomed out in the 107 range briefly. And we have stressed the portfolio on our end going down to 100, which we don't think is really possible. But even at that level, the impact to us on our portfolio is about 9 basis points of charge-offs. Keep in mind, we have a different customer base than average. So, with our prime  super-prime focus, we managed the probability of the cost. We think that we will  our portfolio will have a much lower incidence than default. And therefore, the impact of the used car value relative to the rest of the market is not as significant. So, we're very comfortable where we stand. And even if the index were to fall, we think we're very well-positioned. Again, we have a differentiated model from what an average would have.
Bill Carcache - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Understood. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Hi. Good morning, Ken.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Just a quick question. Just in terms of the merger costs. Looks like I probably underestimated them this quarter. But can you just give us an estimate sort of timing of when those might come in from quarter to quarter?
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Ken, so we're still tracking, we said about $420 million when we announced the acquisition. And I would tell you that we've probably realized 75% of that in 2016, is the way I would think about it. It's going to start to tick up from here. We're, obviously, very deep into the integration process. But that's how I would think about it from a timing perspective.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Okay. That does help, actually. And then just a quick question. On the preferred stock dividends, were there any sort of unusual catch? I think it was like $19 million in total this quarter  I wouldn't have thought it would be that high, given what you issued.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Yeah. So, there was a bit of a stub period related to the first quarter payment for the period that it was moved out, about $3 million.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got you. So, in an all-in basis next quarter, what should the run rate be for pref?
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: It's going to be 6.25 times the $600 million is the way to think about it. So, about $70 million.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Perfect. Okay. Thank you.
Howell D. McCullough - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Executive Vice President: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: And there are no further questions in the queue at this time. I will turn the call back to Steve for closing remarks.
Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer: So, thank you. The second quarter built upon a solid foundation we laid in the first quarter. The performance continues to be solid, delivering revenue growth despite challenging headwinds. And our fundamentals remain solid, and we're well-positioned to continue to deliver through the remainder of the year. You've heard me say this before and it remains true. Our strategies are working and our execution remains focused and strong. We expect to continue to gain market share and improved share of wallet. We expect to generate annual revenue growth, consistent with our long-term financial goals and manage our continued investments in our businesses consistent with the revenue environment and our long-term financial goal of positive operating leverage annually. We expect modest growth in our economic footprint and continue the gradual transition to more normalized credit metrics, which will be effectively managed. We've made significant progress in our integration planning for the FirstMerit acquisition, and we look forward to completing the acquisition later this quarter, following receipt of all regulatory approvals and our customary closing conditions. Finally, I want to close by reiterating that our board and its management team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priorities include increasing primary relationships across our business segments, managing risks, reducing volatility and driving solid, consistent, long-term performance. So, thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-20 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth  Director-Investor Relations Mac McCullough  Chief Financial Officer Steve Steinour  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Dan Neumeyer  Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Ken Usdin  Jefferies Scott Siefers  Sandler O'Neill and Partners Geoffrey Elliott  Autonomous Research Kyle Peterson  FBR Steve Moss  Evercore Ricky Dodd  Deutsche Bank Kevin Barker  Piper Jaffray Andy Stapp  Hilliard Lyons Peter Winter  Sterne Agee Joe Shea  Credit Suisse Terry McEvoy  Stephens
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tracy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you, Mr. Mark Muth, you may begin your conference.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Tracy, and welcome. I'm Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides, we will be reviewing, can be found on our IR website at www.huntington-ir.com or by following the Investor Relations link on www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, will also be participating in the Q&A portion of today's call. As noted on Slide 2, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this Slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let's get started by turning to Slide 3 and an overview of the financials. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Mark, good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We're pleased to report another quarter of solid results and believe 2016 is off to a good start. Huntington's customer centric strategy continues to deliver consistent growth in market share and share of wallet through execution of our distinctive fair play philosophy, our welcome culture and our superior customer service. Disciplined execution of our strategy and well timed investments in our businesses over the past several years are producing solid results for our shareholders, our customers, our colleagues and our communities. Slide 3 shows some of the financial highlights for the quarter. Earnings per common share of $0.20, was up 5% from the 2015 first quarter, while tangible book value per share increased 8% to $7.12. Return on tangible common equity was 11.9%, while return on assets was 0.96%. Core fundamental trends remain strong and reflect the benefit of our strategic investments over the past several years. Year-over-year revenue growth was 7%, comprised of 8% increase in net interest income and a 4% increase in non-interest income. We continue to believe that our ability to deliver consistent top-line growth, despite the challenging interest rate environment distinguishes Huntington from our peers. We also believe that our disciplined investment strategy combined with a focus on achieving positive operating leverage on an annual basis is proving to be a key differentiator. While we achieved positive operating leverage for the quarter, non-interest expense increased 7% year-over-year reflecting our ongoing investments including 44 new in-store branches and digital and technology investments such as our new mortgage origination platform that is currently being piloted. Our efficiency ratio for the quarter was 64.6%, which remains well above our long-term financial goal of 56% to 59%. We will continue to work to improve our operating efficiency organically by growing revenue faster than expense, but we also continue to expect that our recently announced acquisition of FirstMerit will yield meaningful improvement in our pro forma efficiency. Turning to the balance sheet, average loan growth was 6% year-over-year, while average core deposit growth was 5%, continuing a seven quarter tend of year-over-year core deposit growth being greater than 5%. Overall, credit metrics remain solid. Criticized assets remain stable. We incurred only 7 basis points of net charge offs in the quarter as we continue to benefit from large commercial real estate recoveries. Non-performing assets increased 23 basis points from the previous quarter with the majority of the increase centered in our oil and gas exploration and production and coal portfolios. Our capital ratios remained strong. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.89%, up 7 basis points from year-end. While all regulatory capital ratios, except common equity Tier 1, increased meaningfully during the quarter due to the issuance of $400 million of perpetual preferred stock on March 21. Slide 4 provides a summary income statement, including some additional details on our non-interest income and non-interest expense for the quarter. Relative to the first quarter of 2015, total reported revenue increased 7% to $754 million. Spread revenues accounted for the majority of the increase as net interest income increased 8% to $512 million. We benefited from 8% average earning asset growth partially offset by 4 basis points of net interest margin compression. The NIM was negatively impacted by unfavorable mix shift on both sides of the balance sheet, most notably the increase in our low yielding LCR compliant securities in our earning assets and higher cost senior bank notes in our funding mix. We continue to remain disciplined in pricing of both loans and deposits. Fee increased 4% from the year ago quarter to $242 million primarily driven by continued customer acquisition gains and relationship deepening. Highlights included a 13% increase in service charges on deposit accounts, and a 12% increase in card and payment processing income. We also faced some headwinds in the quarter in mortgage banking and trust service income. Mortgage banking income decreased 19% from the year ago quarter as a result of a 5% decline in origination volume, coupled with a $2 million decrease from net NSR activity. Trust services income declined 21% year-over-year primarily due to the sale of our funds management and servicing businesses at the end of last year. Reported non-interest expense in the 2016 first quarter was $491 million, an increase of $32 million, or 7% from the year-ago quarter. This quarter's non-interest expense included one significant item: $6 million of merger and acquisition related expense from the pending FirstMerit acquisition. As detailed on Page 7 of the press release, non-interest expense adjusted for significant items in both quarters increased $29 million or 6% year-over-year. In March, the FDIC announced the final rule approving the previously disclosed surcharge on banks with assets in excess of $10 billion, including Huntington. In our conference call last quarter, we started that the surcharge would negatively impact our FDIC insurance expense by approximately $13 million in 2016. Due to the delay and the implementation until July 1st, we now expect the negative impact will be approximately $7 million this year. Slide 5 details the trends in our balance sheet mix. Average loans and leases increased $2.8 billion, or 6% year-over-year as most portfolios continue to experience year-over-year growth. Average securities increased $2.1 billion, or 17%, primarily reflecting growth in LCR complaint securities into a lesser extent growth in our direct purchase municipal securities and our commercial banking segment. We are currently above the 100% threshold for liquidity coverage ratio. Digging into the loan growth little deeper, average commercial and industrial loans grew $1.5 billion, or 8%, primarily driven by $0.8 billion increase in asset finance. The quarter also benefited from continued momentum in auto floor plan and broad-based commercial lending. Average automobile loans grew $0.9 billion, or 11% from the year-ago quarter. Auto finance remains a core competency of Huntington and we're committed to this business and our dealer customers. The first quarter of 2016 represented the 9th consecutive quarter of more than $1 billion of automobile loan originations. We have achieved this by remaining absolutely consistent in our strategy, which is built around a credit model that is focused on prime and super prime borrowers and a business model of high touch and local delivery. As detailed on Slide 46 and 47, in the appendix, our underwriting has not changed and our credit performance remains superior. Yields on the new auto paper rebounded slightly in the first quarter backup to around 3% compared to the 2.90% to 2.95% range in the fourth quarter. Recall yields last quarter were impacted by the normal seasonal mix shift towards new vehicle sales that occur in the fourth quarter as manufacturers try to drive yearly volume goals. While the first quarter's originations reflected a return to more normal, new used mix. The auto portfolio continues to perform very well as expected the seasonal increases in delinquencies and charge-offs we experienced in the fourth quarter reversed course this quarter with delinquencies declining 26 basis points sequentially and net charge-offs declining 5 basis points. Further, if you compare our delinquencies and non-accrual loans with the year ago quarter, you will see they're essentially flat. Net charge-offs are up modestly year-over-year, but will remain well below the level to which we underwrite the portfolio. Staying on Slide 5 and moving to the right side, average total deposits increased $2.9 billion or 5% over the year ago quarter including a $2.6 billion or 5% increase in average core deposits. We continue to see strong growth in demand deposits as average non-interest bearing demand deposits increased $1.1 billion, or 7% year-over-year, and average interest bearing demand deposits increased $1.6 billion or 26%. This growth reflects our continued focus on new customer checking household and commercial relationship account acquisition as well as relationship deepening. All of which are detailed on Slides 11 through 13 that Steve will discuss later. We also continue to remix the consumer deposit base at a higher cost CDs into other less expensive deposit products. Average core CDs increased $0.5 billion, or 19%, year-over-year. Average total demand deposits accounted for 37% of non-equity funding in the 2016 first quarter, while money market and savings deposits accounted for a combined 38%. By contrast, average core CDs accounted for only 3% of our non-equity funding in the quarter. Average total debt increased $2.1 billion, or 34%, as a result of five senior debt issuances over the past five quarters totaling $4.1 billion, including $1 billion issued in March of this year as well as the assumption of debts in the Huntington Technology Finance acquisition. The $1 billion senior debt issuance this quarter was a part of our normal funding strategy. Slide 6 shows our net interest margin plotted against earning asset yields, interest bearing liability cost and other deposit cost. First quarter NIM decreased 4 basis points year-over-year, but increased 2 basis points from the previous quarter to 3.11%. This quarter, the net interest margin benefited from approximately 2 basis points of interest recoveries in the commercial real estate portfolio and another 1 basis point to 2 basis points in day count. Adjusting these benefits out of the first quarter margin, we expect another 2 basis points to 4 basis points of contraction in the second quarter, but remain comfortable reaffirming our previous guidance from last quarter that the net interest margin will remain above 3% for each quarter in 2016. Slide 7 provides an update on our asset sensitivity positioning and how we manage interest rate risk. As shown in the chart on top, we estimate that net interest income would benefit by 3.6% if interest rates were to gradually ramp 200 basis points, in addition to increases already reflected in the current implied forward curve. This is an increase from what we estimated a quarter ago, as we recently updated our non-maturity deposit models, resulting in a reduction in the sensitivity of these deposits. In addition, as we have discussed for some time, our asset swaps are beginning a period of steady amortization as disclosed in our 10-K. We also proactively terminated $1.9 billion of swaps in January taking advantage of volatility in the markets. As we have stated previously, our asset swap portfolio is a laddered portfolio. There are no cliffs looming on the horizon. These actions coupled with changes in our overall balance sheet mix drove the increase in modeled asset sensitivity. As shown on the bottom right in a hypothetical scenario without the $5.8 billion of remaining asset swaps, the estimated benefit would approximate positive 5.4% in the up 200 basis point gradual ramp scenario. The chart on the bottom of the slide shows our $5.8 billion asset swap portfolio and $5.8 billion liability swap portfolio, including the respective average remaining lives and their impact on net interest income. The incremental benefit of swaps was $24 million in the 2016 first quarter, down from $29 million in the 2015 fourth quarter and $25 million in the year ago quarter. Slide eight, shows the trends in our capital ratios. Tangible common equity increased 7 basis points sequentially to the 7.89%. All regulatory capital ratios improved meaning fully from the prior quarter end with the exception of common equity Tier 1 regulatory capital ratio, which declined slightly. Late in the quarter, we issued 400 million of 6.25 fixed rate non-cumulative preferred equity in order to take advantage of unusual market conditions and low interest rate environment to lock in low cost permanent capital. With this issuance, we are now more in line with our peers with respect to the amount of preferred equity in our capital structure, although as market conditions allow, you may see us further optimize our capital structure in the future relative to the Basel III rules. Slide nine provides an overview of our loan loss provision, net charge-offs and allowance for credit losses. Credit performance remains solid and in line with our expectation. Criticized assets remain stable. The loan loss provision was $27.6 million in the first quarter compared to $8.6 million of net charge-offs. Net charge-offs represented 7 basis points of average loans and benefited from the previously mentioned large recovery and our commercial real estate portfolio. As we've stated last quarter, we expect credit costs will gradually migrate back to more normalized levels particularly as recoveries from previously charged-off commercial real estate loans diminish. For 2016, however, we expect net charge-offs will range below our long-term expectations of 35 basis points to 55 basis points.  The ACL ratio ticked up one basis point to 1.34% of loans and leases, compared to 1.33% at the prior quarter end. The ratio of allowance to non-accrual loans decreased to 138% compared to 180% a quarter ago due to the uptick in ALs primarily within our oil and gas exploration and production and coal portfolios. We believe the allowance is appropriate and reflects the underlying credit quality of our loan portfolio. Slide 10 shows trends in nonperforming assets, delinquencies and criticized assets. The chart in the upper left shows an increase in the non-performing asset ratio for the quarter to 102 basis points compared to 79 basis points a quarter ago. The increase again primarily reflected several oil and gas exploration and production credits into one large coal credit, which replaced a non-accrual during the quarter. The chart on the upper right reflects our 90-day delinquencies, which remained essentially flat for the past year. The bottom left chart shows the criticized asset ratio, which also has remained relatively stable for the past few quarters. Finally, the chart on the bottom right shows NPA inflows as a percentage of beginning period loans at 48 basis points for the first quarter reflecting the oil and gas exploration and production in coal nonaccrual credits mentioned previously. All credit metrics fully reflect the results of the recently completed Shared National Credit exam. Results were consistent with past exams and then we had a handful downgrades as well as some upgrades. We processed all the downgrades. However, we only processed a few of the upgrades as we believe we either have more recent or more complete information on the relationship or we simply opted to take a more conservative stance. This practice would also be consistent with past exams. Let me now turn the presentation over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Mac. Slide 11 shows the continued progress driving what we believe to be industry leading customer acquisition and associated revenue growth from both acquiring and building meaningful banking relationships with these customers. We owe these results to the unique combination of our Fair Play banking philosophy, our welcome culture, and execution of our optimal customer relationship or OCR focus on relationship banking. Since 2010, we've increased our consumer checking households and business checking relationships by 8% and 5% compound annual growth rates respectively. These robust customer acquisition rates have allowed us to post the associated 5% and 9% compound annual growth rates in consumer and business revenue, which you can see in the two lower charts in the slide. You've heard me say this for a number of years and you'll hear me say it again in the future. Our focus remains on growing revenues. We continue to grow revenues despite the challenging environment. Slide 12 and 13 illustrates the continued success of our OCR strategy and deepening our consumer and commercial relationships. Our strategy has remained consistent since 2010 and has built around two simple objectives gained market share and gained share of wallet. Our track record has illustrated and we will continue to demonstrate that this strategy results both in more loyal, satisfied and stickier customers, as well as revenue growth. As of the quarter end, almost 53% of our consumer checking households use six or more products and services, up from 50% a year ago. Correspondingly, our consumer checking account household revenue was up $33 million or 12% year-over-year in the first quarter. Similarly, almost 48% of our commercial checking customers used four or more products or services at year end, up from 43% a year ago. Commercial revenue increased $4 million or 2% year-over-year and you'll notice a step-up this quarter in the number of business relationships utilizing four or more products or services. This increase results from a recent change in pricing for certain of our treasury management products and related impact on the measurement of products and services utilized by these customers. We expect this will represent a one-time step-up. Slides 14 and 15 provide a glimpse at some of the key economic data for our footprint. Slide 14 illustrates trends in the unemployment rates across our six core Midwestern States as well as other leading coincident and lagging economic data for the region. Unemployment rates in Ohio and Michigan are the lowest since the early 2000s and the unemployment rates in the four largest states in the footprint Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, and Pennsylvania are all at or below national unemployment rates. Further, the higher rate in the Midwest is the highest in the nation. Over 50% of the net manufacturing jobs created in the country since the recession are in Ohio, Michigan, and Indiana. Finally, despite recent market volatility and global macroeconomic uncertainty, average consumer confidence in the Midwest is around what it was in 2002. Slide 15 takes a  deeper look at the trends in unemployment rates in our largest metropolitan markets. Most of the large MSAs in the footprint were near 15 year lows for unemployment levels at the end of January. As you can probably gather from this data we remain bullish, on our core Midwestern footprint. The auto industry is an important component of the economy in our footprint, and it appears poised for another stellar year in 2016. Our small and medium sized commercial customers continue to express confidence in their businesses. Real estate markets across the footprint are improving. There is a significant amount of economic activity in our footprint tied to higher education and healthcare. And I continue to believe the benefit of low energy prices, for consumers and manufacturers more than outweighs the isolated pockets of stress on business, within the energy sector in our footprint. Our SBA lending also remained quite robust, in fact March was our best month ever for SBA originations. Turning to slide 16, while we're only one quarter into the year, slide 16 shows, that we're off to a good start to execute on our long-term financial goal of annual positive operating leverage. We expect, 2016 will represent our fourth consecutive year, to deliver positive operating leverage. So, with that let's turn to slide 17 for some closing remarks and messages. We remain focused on delivering consistent through the cycle shareholder returns. For this strategy entails, reducing short-term volatility, achieving top-tier performance, over the long-term and maintaining our aggregate moderate to low risk profile throughout. Our value proposition, for both consumers and businesses, continue to drive industry-leading new customer acquisition. We've successfully built a strong and recognizable consumer brand with differentiated products and superior customer service. We continue to execute our strategies and refine or react where necessary. We've invested and will continue to invest in our businesses particularly around enhanced sales managements, mobile and digital technologies, data analytics and optimizing our retail distribution network. Importantly, we plan to continue to manage our expenses appropriately within our revenue outlook and we expect to grow revenue. We are optimistic on our core Midwest footprints local economies and the businesses and consumers within them. We are prudently managing certain industries or sectors, potentially impacted by market volatility and global macroeconomic uncertainty. However, we believe these risks remain well contained and the majority of our core consumer and small and medium size business customers enjoy a healthy near-term outlook. We see no evidence of near-term deterioration or problem looming on the horizon. Customer sentiment remains positive and commercial loan utilization rates showed a slight increase for the fourth consecutive quarter. Pressure on our NIM will remain a modest headwind in the near-term. But we continue to expect that the NIM will remain above 3% throughout 2016. We expect to grow revenue despite these pressures consistent with our 4% to 6% long-term financial goal, excluding significant items and net event of MSR activity and obviously the impact of FirstMerit. We'll continue to place ongoing investments in our businesses consistent with our revenue outlook and consistent with our long-term goal of annual operating positive leverage. We closely monitor our loan portfolio and given the absolute low level of our credit metrics in recent market and global economic volatility, we do expect some volatility and  in our credit metrics going forward. Anticipates that loan loss provisioning for both ourselves and the broader industry will gradually begin to return to more normalized levels. So, let me stress, we do not see any material deterioration on the horizon or simply moving off cyclical lows and we'll gradually move back toward normal for both provisioning in net charge offs. We expect our net charge offs for the year will remain below our long-term expected range of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. Next we always like to include a reminder that there is little alignment between the Board, Management, our employees and our shareholders. The Board and our colleagues are collectively the sixth largest shareholder of Huntington. We have holder retirement requirements on certain shares and are appropriately focused on driving sustained, long-term performance. We're highly focused on our commitment, to being good stewards of shareholders and capital. And finally, before we move in to the Q&A period, I'd like to give you a quick update, on the status of the FirstMerit acquisition we announced earlier this year. We've filed our application with the regulators and anticipate that we will receive both regulatory and shareholder approval to allow us to close the transaction in the third quarter. We also continue our integration and planning, we've made significant progress in our product and data mapping process, as well as our planning around the organizational structure. The more we get to know, the FirstMerit team, the quality and depth of their talent, and similarity of cultures, the more excited I get about this transaction and our ability to deliver on our commitments, as we come together. So, I'll now turn it back over to Mark, so we can get to your questions.
Mark Muth: Operator, we'll now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers each person ask only one question, and one related follow-up and if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: At this time [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning.
Mac McCullough: Hi, Ken.
Ken Usdin: Good morning, everybody. I just wanted to follow-up on the credit side and hearing your points about not seeing much else, but expecting the normalization. This is the  your second quarter of a pretty meaningful reserve build and I think for specific reason, so I guess just the questions are, can you help us understand kind of what you think the core charge-offs if we  and the size of that recovery and then just your general premise around building reserves from here. Do you think you've kind of gotten at there for what you need as far as the energy and coal related?
Dan Neumeyer: Hey. Good morning. Ken, this is Dan. So, I think, the one thing this was a record quarter for us in terms of recoveries. So that 7 basis points charge-off is obviously very good performance, but it is driven by some really unusual  an unusual level of recovery so that is not going to continue. So if there is going to be one difference in the subsequent quarters, it's going to be a more normalized level of recovery, so that in and of itself will take the net charge-off number up, but we are not seeing anything on the horizon that leads us to conclude that there would be any notable changes other than that we've given guidance that we still expect to be below the 35 to 55, so I think that gives you a pretty good range of what we might see. In terms of the energy build this quarter, we think we've been very conservative in identifying the issues that we about there we are well reserved on that portfolio. We've got our credit mark on that portfolio at 10%, which given the combination  the constitution of our portfolio, no energy services have invested big differentiator when we're looking at energy exposure. Ours is all E&P very well secured exposure. So even if you say, there is going to be continued low energy prices, we think that portfolio on a relative basis is going to hold up quite well.
Ken Usdin: Okay. Then just to follow up quickly then is just on reserving builds from here, more for growth or what if you think you've gotten the energy right, then what would be the base of seeing builds from here?
Dan Neumeyer: I think  I think it will be largely driven by portfolio growth, and then again we do point out always there is  there is always unevenness in the C&I portfolio, so you are going to have episodic movements here and there, but we are not seeing any significant movement. I think you see in our criticize asset number holding fairly steady. We still have in flows, but we have a lot of good resolutions as well. So I don't see any tremendous movement there either.
Ken Usdin: All right. Got it. Thank you.
Dan Neumeyer: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers, Sandler O'Neill and Partners. Your line is now open.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Scott.
Mac McCullough: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: I just wanted to ask just sort of an energy related question. So of the total increase, are you - you guys able to sort of bifurcate how much of that came from the coal versus the E&P side by any chance?
Steve Steinour: Yes. Absolutely we can and we do, do that. The coal was one transaction and actually it was not even performance related. This is a more of a  there is a lawsuit involved in it, so the coal deal actually is a low cost producer performing very well and we expect a good resolution to that particular situation.
Scott Siefers: Okay. This might make the same question little less relevant, but as you look at  you have said some understandable increase in nonperformers in the energy area, but based on guidance for the entire portfolio, lost content, of course, looks pretty low and still in the aggregate for everything. Just wondering, as you guys are thinking about the sort of stuff that you would keep on, on watch from the energy portfolio. When or how might actual lost content manifest itself just in the way you guys are thinking about things?
Steve Steinour: Yes. I mean, it certainly the potential for lost content increases the longer that we have that protected low energy phenomenon. So  but I'll say that the stressed analysis we do, there is still quite a bit of room between where we're at today and where we feel we would incur significant losses. So we do various stressing on the portfolio. Our sensitized case that we use is well below the strip case and we even do modeling that goes well below that and even under those scenario, this is going to be a very manageable series of events for us. Just, we have a very small portfolio  it's one-half of 1% of our entire portfolio for the overall impact. This is not going to be that dramatic.
Scott Siefers: Yes. Okay. Perfect. If I can sneak one last one in there, Mac you have said, so you guys disclosed the two basis points margin benefit from the CRE recovery, did you say two basis points benefit from day count, so in other words in total four basis points of kind of net benefit of which you would be forecasting the margin for the second quarter?
Mac McCullough: Scott, that's exactly the way to think about it.
Scott Siefers: Okay. All right, perfect. Thank you guys.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Scott.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. I wanted to ask about also  you sound pretty positive, but I guess looking at the year-on-year changes in net charge-offs to strip out some of the seasonality, but that has been a bit of an increase. So, can you talk about the normalization that you're seeing there and what makes you still pretty relaxed on auto credit?
Dan Neumeyer: Sure. This is Dan, again. So, one  I think we have to look at  we're looking at very low levels of charge-offs. So, I think if you look to a year ago, probably about 19 basis points and then most recent quarter up to about 28 basis points. That is a very low level of charge-offs and well below what we actually modeled. So, I think that's important. There is a bit of an effect in there from weve talked about TCPA, which is the telephone consumer protection act, which limited our ability to make a calls to cellphones, that had a small incremental effect. So, we probably have a couple of basis points of additional charge-offs that was in that number and that the impact of that will dissipate over time. But just as a reminder, our origination strategy on indirect auto has not moved at all. We continue to maintain the same FICO Scores, LTVs terms, it's a very dealer centric model and I think it is important, when we look at our portfolio relative to others. The distinction in terms of our focus on prime and super prime customers, when we expand in the different markets, which we do from time to time. We go in with more conservative origination criteria than for the book as a whole. So, we just feel we have been rock solid in our origination strategies and don't expect to see any significant movement. So, we remain very confident in our performance.
Geoffrey Elliott: Okay. And then just follow-up, there has been a decline in the Manheim in the last couple of months. What are you budgeting for used car prices and how do you think about that?
Steve Steinour: Yes. So, we've look  we obviously follow the Manheim closely, and I think their forecast called for the index to decline about 8% cumulatively over the next few years. And even with that adjustment, we don't see this moving the needle significantly in terms of our performance. I would point out that the mix of our vehicles is a little bit different than what industry average would be as well. When you focus on a high FICO borrower, when you have to take the vehicles back you tend to get a vehicle that is in better shape and having a higher resale value. I think the mix of our book also has more trucks and SUVs in it, and those values tend to hold up better than vehicles as a whole. So, those factors also are going to aid us, so we feel very confident even though we know there will be some reduction in the Manheim because we've been at historically high levels for probably the last five years or six years.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great. Thank you very much.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Geoff.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR. Your line is now open.
Kyle Peterson: Hey, good morning guys. This is actually Kyle Peterson speaking for Bob today. I had a question on mortgage banking, kind of your thoughts on that obviously it looks like part of  it was down partly due to kind of seasonal trends. But, notice it was comes down year-over-year as well, I'm not sure if you view that is mostly really to kind of the MSR impairment or I guess kind of how should we look at mortgage banking moving forward?
Mac McCullough: Yes. Kyle, this is Mac. So, I think if you take a look on a linked-quarter basis there was a fairly substantial decline, that's really  this can be explained by two things. One is the MSR impairment, which was $6 million to $7 million on a linked-quarter basis, and the other portion of the decline was just due to lower origination volume. So that  I think that explains linked-quarter pretty well and actually that's the same explanation for year-over-year it's MSR and lower origination. So we're pleased with origination volume where it is that currently. We do have this seasonal effects and also just the impact of the MSR valuation.
Kyle Peterson: Okay. Thank you. And yes, I guess just one other kind of I guess follow-up kind of modeling question. Is the merger related expense for the HBAN for the FirstMerit merger. Is that following into the other expense line item or kind of I guess where is that $6 million shaking up?
Mac McCullough: Yes. A fair amount of it's going to be in professional services in that line and other expense as well. So, that's  I think thats the way to think about it.
Steve Steinour: Kyle, that's broken out on page seven on the release. There is the table that will give you some guidance there.
Kyle Peterson: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Your line is now open.
Steve Moss: Good morning. It's actually Steve Moss for John. I wanted to just touch based on the inflows to non-performing status, how much of the $240 million was for E&P?
Mac McCullough: E&P was about 40% of the inflows.
Steve Moss: Okay. And then in terms of also in the E&P credits in what basins are your E&P credits located?
Mac McCullough: Our entire portfolio is  it's broadly syndicated shared national credit, so the distribution tends to be very granular throughout the country, obviously would include the Permian basin which is probably one of the most profitable, but I would say it's very well diversified, no concentrations within the portfolio.
Steve Moss: Okay. Thank you very much.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ricky Dodd of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ricky Dodd: Hi, everyone.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Ricky.
Ricky Dodd: I just had a quick follow-up on energy. Have you guys provided the dollar value as of period end for your total energy and coal portfolios?
Steve Steinour: The aggregate amount of the loans?
Ricky Dodd: That's right.
Steve Steinour: We've indicated that it's right around 5% of total loans.
Mac McCullough: 0.5%.
Steve Steinour: I'm sorry  a big difference. Thank you. 0.5%.
Ricky Dodd: And then you said reserves on those loans are about 10%?
Steve Steinour: Yes. The credit mark, which on a go-forward basis will reference credit mark that takes into account charge-offs and reserves, but it's yes 10% is the number.
Ricky Dodd: Perfect, and then a quick follow-up on recoveries. I think eight of the past nine quarters you've seen some lumpy recoveries in the CRE portfolio. How should we be thinking about that going forward?
Steve Steinour: That there will be less.
Ricky Dodd: All right. Perfect. Thanks for the time.
Steve Steinour: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin Barker of Piper Jaffray. Your line is now open.
Kevin Barker: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Kevin.
Mac McCullough: Hi, Kevin.
Kevin Barker: The order growth is very strong this quarter and what  usually the January and February usually seasonally pretty slow. How much of this growth is due to existing markets and how much of it was taking market share in the new markets that you're attempting to target?
Mac McCullough: Which portfolio?
Kevin Barker: Auto.
Mac McCullough: So its still on the auto portfolio. So, we're stepping into the new market, as Dan mentioned very, very cautiously, we actually increased our standards and how we underwrite in newer markets.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes. And I think, in  of the year-over-year increase in originations, about 25% came from Illinois, North Dakota, South Dakota, which were our newest markets that we entered into.
Kevin Barker: So, roughly, 25% of your incremental was primarily due to the newer market, is that how you would categorize it?
Steve Steinour: Correct.
Kevin Barker: Then  and also, a follow-up on the balance sheet items. You obviously shifted gears and become more asset sensitive when you mentioned some of this last quarter and your NIM has increased this quarter. When we look forward, given your guidance for NIM to decline, how should we look at it, going into back half of the year? And then what your expectations are for the Fed increased rate?
Mac McCullough: So, starting with the last question first. I mean, we've budget in and continue to forecast 2016 assuming no rate increase. And under that scenario, which is the scenario that we use in order to provide the guidance for the year. As Scott pointed out, earlier, the 3.11% that we reported probably comes down about four basis points, due to four basis points. And whether that compression is been driven just due to the fact that we're adding the LCR compliant securities. And then on the funding side, a lot of that is coming through on the debt side. So that results in some compression as we move. Throughout the year there is some additional compression that will take place on certain asset categories. But, again based on everything we know today and way the forecast looks for the remainder of the year, we do believe we stay above 3% in every quarter of 2016.
Kevin Barker: Okay. What would drive the additional compression from outside  is it just lower asset yields or other items that were push down and NIM in the back end.
Mac McCullough: Given the fact that we're at 100% or over 100% for LCR, it's going to be asset compression for the most part, just continued pricing pressure on commercial portfolio. But again, not material as we think about where we are today, and the guidance that were given for the rest of the year.
Kevin Barker: Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Kevin.
Steve Steinour: Hey Mac, I want to clarification in Rickys question, I didn't realize he asked about our exposure including coal, and oil and gas. And so when we take the E&P and the coal together it still less than 1% of revenues, but the half percent was in relation to just the E&P did not include coal, but our coal portfolio is actually about half of the size of E&P. So, it still well under 1% when we combine those. So, I just want to make that clarification.
Kevin Barker: Okay. Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Stapp with Hilliard Lyons. Your line is now open.
Andy Stapp: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Andy.
Mac McCullough: Good morning, Andy.
Andy Stapp: What was driving the sequential increase and other non-interest income other than the general lumpiness that can occur in the side?
Mac McCullough: So, fourth quarter compared to the first quarter?
Andy Stapp: Yes, sequentially, yes.
Mac McCullough: So, on Table 6 of the press release, we actually show other non-interest income going down.
Andy Stapp: Right, it went down pretty substantially  Im sorry, yes, that's why I mean to say sequential decline
Mac McCullough: Yes, I think exactly.
Andy Stapp: Yes. I just wonder why it was driving that if that's a good run rate?
Steve Steinour: Its a model.
Mac McCullough: It's a bit difficult of lines of forecast.
Andy Stapp: Right.
Mac McCullough: There is a lot of [indiscernible] gains that go through there, there is leased income that goes through there. So, it is a bit lumpy in the scheme things, I think taking a look at just the quarterly progression over time and taking an average might be the best way to think about it.
Andy Stapp: Okay. And, what was your  what's your reserve or your credit marks on oil and gas versus coal, I want to ask that as well?
Mac McCullough: Actually, they are equal, 10%.
Andy Stapp: Okay. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Andy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter with Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Mac McCullough: Hi, Peter.
Peter Winter: I had a question about the loan growth. So, average loans was pretty solid and then in the period was even stronger. So I was just wondering in terms of the monthly trend, did it start off a little bit slow with all the volatility and then pick up as the year  as the quarter moved on and that would carry over into the second quarter?
Mac McCullough: Peter, that's a very good conclusion, accurate conclusion, good analogy. And I think the volatility just had people paused as the quarter progressed more confidence emerged. And as we sit here today, our pipelines look reasonably good, going into the second quarter. And frankly they did at the end of the fourth quarter, again that volatility just created, I think a bit of a timing issue.
Peter Winter: Okay and just a quick follow-up. Steve, you mentioned on the FirstMerit, as you spend more time you feel better about the FirstMerit deal. I was just wondering if you could add some color to that?
Steve Steinour: Well weve spent considerable amount of time with our team and their team. I mentioned we've gotten through much of the product matching, and mapping, and so the things that would be done early-stage for integration purposes are well underway, terrific cooperation and communication, and we continue to be very impressed with the quality of the people where  from FirstMerit that we have the pleasure of interacting with. So we had outlined a sequential integration plan when we announced the deal. Were certainly well on track with that and expecting to get approvals necessary to close in the third quarter.
Peter Winter: Okay. Thanks very much.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Joe Shea with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Joe Shea: Good morning. Just related to industry positioning, what's the incremental impact on our asset sensitivity positioning over the next few quarters as the swap book rolls off. And then just more broadly, is there a certain level of asset sensitivity that you are targeting over time, can you just walk us through how your thinking about overall positioning?
Mac McCullough: So, on the first question Joe, about 70% of our  of the margin benefit from our derivatives actually comes from the debt swaps. So, when you think about the impact of the asset swaps at about 30% of the impact and if you roll that forward, I think we see another $2.4 billion of the asset swaps coming off by the end of 2016, and the remainder come off basically by the end of 2017. That impact is completely manageable when you think about the quarter-over-quarter impact and how slow those are rolling off. On the second question, we really don't have a target in terms of what were looking for. We do think eventually its going to be good to be asset sensitive. Were very comfortable with how were positioned today, and how we're managing the balance sheet, with the swaps rolling off. And I think some of the changes that we've made in the non-maturity deposits we have seen the increase in asset sensitivity. But, again were very comfortable with how the balance sheet is positioned and the outlook for interest rates as we go through 2016.
Joe Shea: Okay, very helpful. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Joe.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Stephens. Your line is now open.
Terry McEvoy: Thanks. Can you just talk about the 2% C&I growth in the quarter maybe some industries that stand out, as well as maybe some markets that come to mind?
Steve Steinour: Well, our core markets have done well. So, Ohio and Michigan have had good growth. And we've also had growth on the assets  in the asset finance portfolio Terry. So like what were seeing with how the year is progressing at least at this stage, and we're feeling much more confident with the market settling down and this volatility, abating from where it was in early January, February.
Terry McEvoy: And then on the equity you're talking about the efficiency ratio at 65%, above that 56% to 59% long-term target. Can you just remind us what FirstMerit will do to the efficiency ratio? I'm pretty sure it was addressed in the investor handout, once you get to the full run rate of cost saves?
Steve Steinour: Yes, we had it coming down 300 basis points to 400 basis points I think is what we disclosed in that investor presentation. So clearly a good opportunity for us when you think about 80% of their markets overlapping with ours and the number of consolidations that we're going to be able to achieve.
Terry McEvoy: Great. Thanks for helping me there. I appreciate it.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Terry.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Steve Steinour I'll turn the call over to you for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: Thank you. We are off to a good start in 2016 as our first quarter results provided a solid base to build from. We delivered 7% year-over-year revenue growth, 3% net income growth and 5% growth in EPS and an 8% increase in tangible book value per share. So these are solid fundamentals and we're well-positioned to continue to deliver good results through the remainder of the year. You've heard me say this before and it remains true, our strategies are working and our execution remains focused and strong. We expect to continue to gain market share and improve share wallet in both consumers and businesses. We expect to generate annual revenue growth consistent with our long-term financial goals and manage our continued investments in our businesses, consistent with the revenue environment and our long-term financial goal of positive operating leverage. Were optimistic on the economic outlook in our footprint and believe the gradual transition to more normalized credit metrics will be effectively managed. Finally, I want to close by reiterating that our Board and this management team are all long-term shareholders and our top priorities include managing risk, reducing volatility and driving solid, consistent long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day everybody.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-21 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth  Director-Investor Relations Steve Steinour  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Mac McCullough  Chief Financial Officer Dan Neumeyer  Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Ken Houston  Jefferies Steve Moss  Evercore ISI Scott Siefers  Sandler, ONeill & Partners Bob Ramsey  FBR David Darst  Guggenheim Securities Geoffrey Elliott  Autonomous Research Andy Stapp  Hilliard Lyons John Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets Terry McEvoy  Stephens Peter Winter  Sterne Agee
Operator: Good morning. My name is Chris and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Chris. Welcome, Im Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington-ir.com or by following the Investor Relations link on www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available for rebroadcast starting about an hour from the close of the call. Our presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, our Chief Financial Officer; Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer will also be participating in the Q&A portion of todays call. As noted on Slide 1, todays discussion including the Q&A period will contain forward-looking statements such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Lets get started by turning to Slide 2 into and an overview of the financials. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks Mark. And good morning and thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Huntington. We have great results to share with you today and we are very pleased with how we are positioned for 2016. For the past six years, Huntingtons customer-centric strategy has resulted in growth in market share and in share of wallet through execution of our distinctive fair play philosophy, our welcome culture, and our superior customer service. 2015 was a year of continued disciplined execution of this strategy, producing solid results and delivering on our commitments to our customers, colleagues, communities and most importantly to our shareholders. We continue to invest in our colleagues and in the capabilities we need to continue to be an industry leader in customer experience, including digital, data analytics and cyber security. We also continue to optimize our custom-centric distribution strategy, including the accelerated buildout about in-store strategy in Michigan. In addition in 2015, we returned approximately $400 million of capital or more than 55% of net income to shareholders via dividends and buybacks. Slide 2 shows some of the financial highlights for the year. Earnings per common share of $0.81, was up 13% from 2014, while tangible book value per share increased 4% to $6.91. Full year return on tangible common equity was 12.4%, which was modestly below our long-term financial goal of 13% to 15%. Return on assets was $1.01 for the full year. We are very pleased with our core fundamentals for the full year including revenue growth of 6%, average loan growth of 7% and average core deposit growth of 9%, and we delivered a positive operating leverage for the third consecutive year. Slide 3 shows some of the financial highlights for the fourth quarter. Earnings per common share of $0.21, was up 11% year-over-year. Fourth quarter return on tangible common equity was 12.4% while fourth quarter return on assets was 1%. We again produced solid revenue growth despite the challenging interest rate environments. Year-over-year revenue growth was 9%, with both the net interest income and noninterest income contributing to the increase. We were particularly pleased with the 17% year-over-year increase in noninterest income in the fourth quarter, benefiting from performance in Capital Markets, mortgage banking, and SBA loans sales among others. Expense growth was well controlled with non interest expense up only 3% year-over-year. Our efficiency ratio for the quarter was 63.7%, a 250-basis point improvement from the year-ago quarter. High quality balance sheet growth included 8% year-over-year increase in average core deposits and a 6% increase in average loans and leases. Growth in average core deposits more than fully funded average loan growth. As we noted the past several quarters while the value of core deposits may not be fully appreciated, we believe that our strong core deposit franchise will prove to be a key differentiator in a rising rate environment. We remain pleased with our credit quality, with only 18 basis points of net charge-offs in the fourth quarter and 79 basis points of non performing assets. Our capital ratios remain strong as well. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.81%, while common equity Tier 1 was 9.80%. Slide 4, provides a summary of the income statement, including some additional details on our noninterest income and noninterest expense for the quarter. Relative to last years fourth quarter, total reported revenue increased 9% to $778 million. Spread revenues accounted for less than half of the increase as net interest income increased 5% to $505 million. We benefitted from 8% average earning asset growth partially offset by nine basis points of net interest margin compression. The NIM was negatively impacted by mixshift on both sides of the balance sheet, most notably the increase in low yielding LCR compliance securities in our earning assets, and higher costs senior bank notes in our funding mix. We continue to remain disciplined in pricing of both loans and deposits. During the 2015 fourth quarter, Congress passed a provision in fixing Americas Surface Transportation Act, more commonly referred to as the highway bill, which reduced and capped dividends paid by The Federal Reserve to banks with assets greater than $10 billion including Huntington. The reduction in this dividend is expected to negatively impact net interest income by approximately $7 million in 2016. We were pleased with our fee income performance in the quarter, as more than 60% of the year-over-year revenue increase came from noninterest income. Specifically, reported noninterest income was $272 million, an increase of $39 million or 17% from the year-ago quarter. Highlights included an 8% increase in service charges on deposit accounts and continued momentum in card and payment processing income. Mortgage banking income increased 124% from year-ago quarter as a result of an $11 million increase in mortgage origination and secondary marketing revenues, coupled with a $5 million increase from the MSR hedging-related activities. Other income included a $3 million gain on the sale of Huntington Asset Advisors, Huntington Asset Services and Unified Financial Services, which was included in the quarters merger and acquisition-related significant item. The decision to sell these non-core businesses allow us to focus on the core wealth business and continue to reposition the Regional Banking and Huntington Private Client Group segment for better growth and returns in coming quarters. The sale was expected to reduce noninterest income by approximately $14 million in 2016 primarily in the trust services line and reduce noninterest expense by approximately $22 million in 2016, primarily in the personal expense line. Reported noninterest expense in the 2015 fourth quarter was $499 million, an increase of $15 million or 3% from the year-ago quarter. This quarters noninterest expense included two significant items, $8 million of franchise repositioning expense related to branch closures, facilities impairments, and personnel actions, and $3 million of merger-related expense from Huntington Technology Finance acquisition and the previously mentioned sale of Huntington Asset Advisors, Huntington Asset Services and Unified Financial Services. Noninterest expense adjusted for significant items in both quarters increased $25 million or 5% year-over-year. Of this increase approximately $14 million was related to the acquisition of Macquarie Equipment Finance, which we have re branded in Huntington Technology Finance. During the fourth quarter the FDIC announced the surcharge on banks with assets in excess of $10 billion including Huntington. We expect the surcharge will negatively impact our FDIC insurance expense by approximately $13 million 2016. Turning to Slide 5, average loans and leases increased $2.7 billion or 6% year-over-year as we again experienced year-over-year growth in every portfolio. Average securities increased $2.1 billion or 17%, primarily reflecting growth in LCR compliance securities into a lesser extent growth in direct purchase municipal securities originated by our commercial segment. Average commercial and industrial loans grew 1.3 billion or 7%, primarily driven by a 1.1 billion increase in asset finance, 0.8 billion of which came via the Huntington Technology Finance acquisition. The quarter also benefited from seasonal strength in auto floor plan lending and growth in corporate lending, while core middle business banking saw modest portfolio reductions. Average automobile loans, grew $1.8 billion or 9% from the year ago quarter. The 2015 fourth quarter represented the eighth consecutive quarter of more than one billion of auto loan originations. Auto finance remains a core competency of Huntington and is detailed on the slides in the appendix, we have remained consistent in our strategy which is built around a dealer-centric model and focused on prime borrowers. Our underwriting has not changed, in fact while our industry volumes were up around 5% to 6% in 2015, our origination volumes were essentially flat reflecting our lending discipline. Yields on new auto paper dipped slightly in the fourth quarter to the 290 to 295 range, just above the 3% in the prior quarter. We also saw the normal seasonal shift to new car sales in the quarter resulting in a mix shift reduction in the overall yield. We expect the new used mix will return to more normal levels in the first quarter. Moving to the right side of the slide and the right side of balance sheet, average total deposits increased $4.6 billion or 9% over the year-ago quarter, including a $3.9 billion or 8% increase in average core deposits. Average noninterest bearing demand deposits increased $ 2billion or 13% year-over-year and average noninterest bearing demand deposits increased $1 billion or 16%. These growth numbers reflect our continued focus on new customer checking households and commercial relationship account acquisition. Average money market deposits increased $1.4 billion or 8% year-over-year, reflecting our continued efforts to deepen banking relationships and increased share of wallet. We also continue to remix the consumer deposit base out of higher cost CDs into other less expensive deposit products. Average core CDs decreased $0.6 billion or 21% year-over-year. As shown on Slide 5, average total demand deposits accounted for 38% of non-equity funding in 2015 fourth quarter, while money market deposits accounted for 31%. By contrast, average score CDs accounted for only 4% of our non-equity funding in the quarter. As we have highlighted in the last few quarters, the year-over-year growth in our total core deposits more than fully funded our average loan growth over this period. Average long-term debt increased $2.9 billion or 72% as a result of four bank-level senior debt issuances this year, totalling $3.1 billion including $850 million issued in November, as well as the assumption of $500 million of debt in the Huntington Technology Finance acquisition. These long-term debt issuances allowed us to reduce average short-term borrowings by $2.2 billion or 80% from the year-ago quarter. While this trade had a negative impact on the net interest margin, the long-term debt provides us with advantages of long-term stable funding. Average broker deposits increased $500 million, we continue to view wholesale funding sources as a cost efficient means for funding balance sheet growth including LCR-related securities growth, while managing core deposit expense and maintaining sales focus on acquiring core checking account customers. Slide 6 shows our net interest margin deposit against earning asset yields and interest bearing liability costs. Fourth quarter NIM decreased nine basis points year-over-year and seven basis points linked quarter to 3.09%. Recall that the third quarter of 2015, net interest margin benefitted from approximately two basis points of interest recoveries in the commercial portfolio. We continue to experience pricing pressure across most asset classes, though the majority of the compression reflected unfavorable mix shift on both sides of the balance sheet most notably the growth in LCR compliance securities funded by senior bank debt issuance. While we were encouraged by the December interest rate increase by the FOMC, the impact on the fourth quarters net interest margin was negligible. Going forward we expect modest net interest margin pressure to remain a headwind as several asset classes continue to price lower given average portfolio rates above new money rates. Despite the recent increases in LIBOR and prime. Based on our current outlook, we remain comfortable reaffirming that the net interest margin will remain above 3% in 2016. Slide 7 provides an update on our assets sensitivity positioning and how we manage interest rate risk. We continue to have a relatively neutral balance sheet largely due to our swap portfolio. As shown on the chart on the top, our modeling estimates that net interest income would benefit by 0.3% if interest rates were to gradually ramp 200 basis points in addition to increases already reflected in the current implied forward curve, unchanged from a quarter ago. In a hypothetical scenario, without the $8.5 billion of asset swaps, the estimated benefit would approximate positive 3.4% in the up 200 basis point ramp scenario. The chart at the bottom of the slide shows our $8.5 billion asset swap portfolio and the $5.9 billion liability swap portfolio, including the respective average remaining lives and their impact on net interest income. The incremental benefits of swaps was $29 million in the 2015 fourth quarter, up from $28 million in the 2015 thirty quarter and $24 million in the year ago quarter. As we have stated previously, our asset swap portfolio is a laddered portfolio. There are no cliffs looming on the horizon. And during the 2015 fourth quarter 800 million of the asset swaps matured. As we communicated a few quarters ago we intend to allow maturing asset swaps this year to run off, gradually shifting our balance sheet positioning more asset sensitive. As of year end, 3.6 billion of swaps were scheduled to mature of the next 12 months. Slide 8 shows the trends in our capital ratios. Our risk-based regulatory capital ratios improved modestly from the prior quarter end, while tangible common equity or TCE decline slightly. We repurchased $2.35 million common shares during the fourth quarter at an average price of $11.59 per share, and a total of 23 million common shares on average price of $10.93 over the full year. Coupled with cash dividends we effectively returned approximately $400 million of capital to shareholders during 2015. We have 166 million of authorized repurchase capacity remaining for the final two quarters under our 366 million share repurchase authorization. Slide 9 provides an overview of our loan loss provision, net charge-offs and allowance for credit losses. Credit performance remains solid and in line with our expectations. The loan loss provision was $36.5 million in the fourth quarter compared to $21.8 million of net charge offs. Net charge offs remained well-controlled at only 18 basis points, or well below our long term expectations of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. Net charge offs for the full year were also 18 basis points. The ACL ratio ticked up one basis point to 1.33% of loans and leases, compared to 1.32% at the end of the prior quarter. The ratio of allowance to nonaccrual loans eased to 180% compared to 184% a quarter ago, due to a slight uptick in NALs. We believe the allowances are appropriate and request the underline credit quality of our loan portfolio. Slide 10 shows trends in nonperforming assets, delinquencies and criticized assets. The chart on the upper left shows a slight increase in the non-performing asset ratio for the quarter to 79 basis points compared to 77 basis points a quarter ago. The increase primarily reflected two oil and gas exploration and production credits, which were placed on nonaccrual during the quarter. The chart on the upper right reflects our 90-day delinquencies, which remain flat from a quarter ago. The bottom left shows the criticized asset ratio which also remains unchanged. Finally, the chart on the bottom right shows NPA inflows as a percentage of beginning period loans of 29 basis points in fourth quarter again unchanged from the prior quarter. Let me now turn the presentation over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Mac. Our fair play banking philosophy, our welcome culture, and our optimal customer relationship or OCR focus continues to drive, we believe to be industry-leading customer acquisitions. Slide 11 illustrates these long-term trends in consumer and commercial customer acquisition. Weve increased our consumer checking households and our business checking relationships by 8% and 5% compounded annual growth rates since 2010. While the law of large numbers might be beginning to weigh on these growth rates, the underlying customer growth rates remain impressive. And these robust customer growth rates have allowed us to post the associated revenue growth you can see in the two lower charts on the slide. Were particularly pleased with the recent trend visible in the chart on the bottom left as the past three quarters have shown improved momentum in the consumer household revenue metrics as weve lapped the last fee change we implemented under our fair play philosophy and continued to realize the benefit of the underlying customer growth. Youve heard me say this before but our focus remains on growing revenues. We will continue to grow revenues despite the challenging environment. Although the slides have been slightly redesigned from what you are used to seeing Slide 12 and Slide 13 illustrate the continued success of OCR strategy and deepening our consumer and commercial relationships. As weve stated before our strategy is not about gaining market share  our strategy is about gaining market share and share of wallet. Now this strategy is built around increasing the number of products and services we provide to our customers, knowing that this will translate both into more loyal stickier customers, as well as revenue growth. As of year-end, almost 52 % of our consumers checking households use six or more products and services and thats up from 49% a year-ago. Correspondingly, our consumer checking account household revenue was up 13% year-over-year in the fourth quarter. Similarly, 44% of our commercial customers used four or more product or services at year end, up from 42% a year-ago. Again, this has translated directly to revenue growth, as commercial revenue increased 4% year-over-year. We introduced the next two slides to you last quarter and many of you indicated how helpful you found them. Slide 14 illustrates trends in the unemployment rate across our six core Midwestern states, as well as other leading coincident and lagging economic data for the region. Slide 15 takes a deeper look at the trend in the unemployment rates in our largest metropolitan markets. Despite the recent volatility exhibited in the equity and commodity markets, we remain bullish on our core Midwestern footprint. Our small and medium-sized commercial customers continue to express confidence in their businesses and while consumers continue to benefit from recovering real estate markets, low energy prices and early signs of wage inflation in certain markets, such as here in Columbus. The auto industry is an important component of the economy in our footprint and it appears poised for another stellar year in 2016. Other industries that contribute meaningfully to the regional economy, such as healthcare, medical devices, medical technology and higher education amongst others, also remain strong. Our small business customers continue to experience strong performance and improving balance sheet. Our SBA lending also remains quite robust. I find the chart in the lower right on slide 14 particularly encouraging. This chart shows the state-leading economic indices as reported by The Federal Reserve bank of Philadelphia for our six-state footprint, all of which are projected to be positive over the next six months. The chart on the bottom left of Slide 14 shows that unemployment rates in our footprint states continue to trend positively, including recent improvement in West Virginia, following several challenging months as they doubt the impact of lower coal prices. Unemployment rates in most of our footprint states remain in line with or better than the national average. The chart on the bottom of the Slide 15 shows a similar trend for our 10 largest deposit markets, which collectively account for more than 80% of our total deposit franchise. As detailed in the chart, the majority of these markets continue to trend favorably and seven of the 10 markets currently enjoy unemployment rates below the national average, and this is quite a departure from several years ago when most of these markets were above the national average. In 2014, we introduced long-term financial goals, including positive operating leverage annually. Slide 16 shows that weve delivered on our commitment for positive operating leverage in 2015, our third consecutive year to achieve this goal. Further, we also delivered on our commitment for positive operating leverage both including and excluding the highly accretive Huntington Technology Finance acquisition. Over the course of the past year, some of you expressed concern about our ability to deliver this commitment in 2015, and while others have questioned the prudence of such a commitment even in the first place. So therefore, rather than taking a victory lap or dwelling too much on the accomplishment, I think its important to reflect back both on the impetus for establishing annual positive operating leverage as one of our long-term financial goals, and why its made us a better company. Just a few years ago, some shareholders questioned our spending discipline as we invest in the future, while the related revenue growth was often difficult to ascertain because continued refinements of our fair play philosophy masked the underlying momentum and ultimate return on those investments was not always easily enough quantified. But we continue to invest thoughtfully, strategically and opportunitistically for the future. However, we committed to our owners that we would better pace our investments with revenue growth and improved transparency. You can now see the fruit of these commitments in our daily culture at Huntington, a culture in which continuous improvement, a focus on driving sustained revenue growth and accountability for every dollar of investment has been established as an absolute expectation. Weve developed a culture in which our share owners should expect more often than not that we will deliver positive operating leverage as we constantly strive to post improved returns and top tier performance. With that, lets turn to Slide 17 for some closing remarks and our initial 2016 expectations. We continue to manage the company with a focus on delivering consistent through the cycle shareholder returns. This strategy entails reducing short-term volatility, achieving top-tier performance over the long-term, and maintaining our aggregate moderate-to-low risk profile throughout. We successfully build a strong, distinguished consumer brand, differentiated products and superior customer service. We continue to execute our strategies and to adapt or adjust to our environment where necessary. We completed and integrated the highly accretive acquisition of Macquarie Equipment Finance, which we rebranded Huntington Technology Finance, or HTF. Other past investments also continue to pay off. Such as our data analytics effort, which will drive better customer targeting and ongoing efforts to improve sales execution across the franchise and grow revenue. None of our investments are mature. We also continue to invest in enhanced sales management, digital technology, further investments in data analytics and optimizing our retail distribution network, all of which will help drive future performance. The early anedoctal evidence from the buildout of our Meyer in-store strategy in the back half of 2015 is very positive, pointing towards a faster ramp than in prior in-store branch openings. Weve refined our in-store execution over the past several years to drive this improved performance and these new stores represented some of best locations, which were therefore also naturally lend themselves to stronger results. We remain bullish on the economic vitality and economic outlook of our core Midwest footprint, while were prudently monitoring certain industries or sectors potentially impacted by global macroeconomic development such as oil and gas exploration and production. We believe these risks remain well contained within our portfolio and the majority of our core consumer, and small-medium-size businesses and customers enjoy a positive near-term outlook. Customer sentiment also remains positive. Commercial loan utilization rates showed a slight increase for the third consecutive quarter and loan pipelines are steady. Competitive pressures across our businesses show signs of stabilizing and while our commitment to be disciplined lenders has not wavered. 2016, our commercial teams will be refocusing on our core middle market and small business customers, following the recent years focus on building out our specialty lending verticals. Our commitment to consumers remains constant. In summary, were pleased with our 2015 results and are optimistic as we enter 2016. Just as we did last year, we built our 2016 budget, assuming no benefit from interest rates and have established contingency plans, should an even more challenging environment materialize. We control our own destiny and once again, our focus and execution will deliver for our shareholders in 2016. While we expect NIM pressure will remain a headwind in the near term, we expect to grow revenue despite the pressure. That said, we continue to expect the NIM will bottom out later this year, assuming no interest rate increase and will remain above 3%. And further, we expect to grow both net interest income and noninterest income. We expect 2016 full-year revenue growth will be consistent with our 4% to 6% long-term financial goal, excluding significant items and net MSR activity. As you should have come to expect from us, we will continue to invest in our businesses, but well pace those investments, consistent with our revenue outlook. The bulk of these investments will remain focused in technology, including data analytics, digital and mobile, and improved sales execution. We continue to manage our loan portfolio closely, particularly sectors in specific relationships most likely to be affected by recent market volatility, the strengthening dollar, declining commodity values, and other macroeconomic factors. Im incrementally more concerned today about our credit outlook than I was when we spoke a quarter ago, but I stress that we do not see significant deterioration on the near-term horizon. Given the absolute low level of our credit metrics, recent global economic volatility and the strength of the dollar, we expect some volatility in our credit metrics going forward and anticipate that loan loss provisioning for both ourselves and the broader industry will likely begin to increase sometime in 2016. On the other hand, we expect our net charge-offs will remain in or below our long-term expected range of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. Finally, I always like to close with a reminder that theres a high level of alignment between the board and management and our shareholders. The board and our colleagues are collectively the sixth largest shareholder of Huntington. We have holder retirement requirements on certain shares and are appropriately focused on driving sustained long-term performance. Were highly focused on our commitment to being good stewards of shareholders capital. So now Ill turn it back over to Mark so we can begin the Q&A.
Mark Muth: Thanks Steve. Operator, we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up, and then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ken Houston of Jefferies. Your line is open.
Ken Houston: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Ken.
Mac McCullough: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Houston: Steve, if I could ask you to talk a little bit more about your comment about credits. This quarter obviously you put up a bigger reserve than we had seen in a while and you mentioned a couple specific things. Charge-offs, however, are just remarkably low. So just in terms of the outlook, how  can you talk to us just about where youd expect that volatility to start to come from, and should we also expect you to continue to have to start building reserves going forward? And why would that be the case? Thanks.
Dan Neumeyer: Hey Ken, this is Dan. Actually, the outlook is very strong and we feel very good about charge-offs entering into 2016. The one area that weve seen some volatility in is kind of the whole commodities and oil and gas arena. To remind you, we have very modest exposure there. Where all the volatility has been is in the ENP space we have less that, we have 0.5% of our total loan in that area, although we did build reserves this quarter based on that book, the majority of the provision increase was aligned with that very small portfolio because we know theres a lot of volatility and we want to continue to take a conservative stance. In terms of the charge-off outlook, I expect to remain below our long-term stated range.
Mac McCullough: And Ken, I think the other thing is weve had remarkable recoveries on CRE and we wont see that continuing into 2016, so we would naturally see some increase in charge-offs there.
Ken Houston: Yes, okay. So just to play that forward just one more, so then how do we think about if youre really confident about the loss forecast, and this was a specific reserve action, then should we anticipate you needing to build reserves incrementally, or is this more just about charge-off normalization to both of your points?
Dan Neumeyer: Since weve been at these very low levels, weve said were going to move towards normalization. And I guess thats the  thats kind of the same comment I would have, is weve been at a historical lows with change in the cycle and with the loan growth. Yes, I think you will see some level of reserve build. This quarter was probably a little bit more pronounced because we did have a particular focus on our small ENP book.
Ken Houston: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Mac McCullough: So Ken, clearly, below our long-term range of 35 to 55. Well probably see some increase towards that range, but well definitely be below it.
Ken Houston: Yes. Okay, thats helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of John Pancari of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Steve Moss: Hi, good morning. Its Steve Moss actually for John here.
Mac McCullough: Hi, Steve.
Steve Moss: On credit one more time, with regard to the inflows you had this quarter on criticized assets and commercial loans, how much of that was tied to commodities?
Mac McCullough: Well, the majority of the increase in the nonaccrual loans were  as we said, we moved two reserve base loans to nonaccrual. The criticized category was actually much more stable. There was a very slight uptick in that category, but that obviously would be included in the NALs.
Steve Moss: Okay. And then turning to, on the commercial loan yield side, commercial loan yields declined 10 basis points here during the quarter. Just wondering, where is the new money yields versus the fourth quarter book yield on the commercial loan book?
Mac McCullough: You know, Steve, its going to be mixed across the portfolio and I would tell you that we continue to see the same demand that we have seen historically in terms of the, our customers wanting to borrow. Its just a matter of us being more disciplined and making sure that we bring onto the balance sheet what we feel comfortable with. Clearly, we still see pressure on pricing, maybe less pressure on structure, but still some pressure on structure. And were just being disciplined in terms of what we do.
Steve Moss: Okay. And I guess to follow that up on the liability side, just wondering, you know, are we nearing a plateau on the increase in total interest bearing liabilities, or should that trend continue?
Mac McCullough: Well, weve done a great job of growing households and commercial operating accounts. And were going to continue to see that, I believe, because of the, the philosophy we have around customer service, our fair play strategy. So I would expect that were going to continue to grow households and well still see good noninterest bearing growth along with that.
Steve Moss: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers of Sandler, ONeill & Partners. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers: Good morning, guys.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers: Two questions on overall loan growth. You guys give a lot of color on whats going on in the markets. I expect I know the answer to the first one, but Steve, if you can offer any additional thoughts on just any changes youre seeing in overall loan demand within the footprint. And then specifically I was hoping you guys could update us as well on your thoughts on your appetite for auto production, whether its given pricing concerns or just any other pressures, perhaps building in the market.
Steve Steinour: Scott, happy to try and answer on the first part. From what we can tell, and weve talked to businesses in all of our markets over the last couple of weeks in particular, through multiple channels. And theres generally a bullishness. And you see that reflected in some of the economic statistics weve provided you. But when you take it down to the customer level, its very positive, very encouraging. So were  and our pipelines would reflect that. We have a good pipeline for this time of year on the commercial side. And your second question, Scott, was?
Scott Siefers: Appetite for auto production, just any changes, if its decrease due to pricing pressures or maybe any other emerging pressures, still feeling very good about that space.
Steve Steinour: I think the team has done a pretty good job. We essentially were flat year-over-year with origination and that reflected efforts to maintain yield. More recently, weve been able to increase the yield on new production. So were back above the 3% level.
Scott Siefers: Okay,
Steve Steinour: We like the asset class. Theres no change in outlook for it. We just remain very disciplined in it. You get to see that discipline as we release it every quarter in terms of the different credit and other metrics.
Scott Siefers: Okay. Great. Thank you guys very much.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Scott. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey of FBR. Your line is open.
Bob Ramsey: Hi, good morning. I was just curious, how much of the provision this quarter was specific to those two energy credits that you highlighted?
Mac McCullough: $10 million
Bob Ramsey: Im sorry? I didnt quite catch that. Did you say $9 million?
Mac McCullough: It was $10 million. That applied not just to the two credits, but that was our reserve base loan portfolio in total, we added $10 million. So we now have a 6% reserve on our reserve base lending portfolio.
Bob Ramsey: Got it. Perfect. Thank you. And are these  are any of the loans in that portfolio snicks, or are these, I guess, more direct lending relationships?
Mac McCullough: No. Actually, our strategies are all, pretty much all tier national credit. Our target is larger well capitalized firms that have generally had access to the capital markets, have sophisticated hedging strategies, et cetera. So this is largely a tier national credit book.
Bob Ramsey: Got it.
Mac McCullough: We have no oilfield services either, as a reminder.
Bob Ramsey: Perfect. All first lien, I take it?
Mac McCullough: Yes
Bob Ramsey: All right. Thank you
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Darst of Guggenheim Securities. Your line is open.
David Darst: Hi, good morning.
Steve Steinour: Hi, David
David Darst: I guess with the swaps that are rolling off this year, that would be about eight basis points to your commercial yield. I guess is that the key driver behind some of the margin compression, or is there anything you can do to offset that? Or would it be volume?
Mac McCullough: Yes. David, its certainly a component of pressure to the margin. I would tell you that a good portion of it continues to be LCR and how were funding LCR with wholesale funds. But, you know, this is all built into our plan around the expectations for 2016. So were comfortable with that guidance of staying at 3% or above in 2016. And again, were letting these swaps roll off so we can become more asset sensitive over time and we feel very comfortable with that strategy.
David Darst: Okay, and if you had another 25 basis points midyear, would that give you enough to stabilize the core commercial yields, ex swaps.
Mac McCullough: Im not sure about the commercial, but I think across the entire portfolio, another 25 basis points would certainly give us some relief from that pressure.
David Darst: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott from Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello again. Another question on credit, what are the sorts of early indicators that you typically look at to see whether the cycle might be turning?
Mac McCullough: Well, obviously we look at delinquencies and all the kind of traditional measurements. But as were kind of even a step beyond that as were talking to our customers and looking for the signals that did obviously, were looking at job formation and interest rates and, you know, and the manufacturing base within our footprint, which continues to be strong. But in terms of the metrics, we try to look at the, you know, the early indicators, which are downgrades within the portfolio, including credit migration within the pass rated loan category and delinquencies are the primary measures. But again, before we even get to that point, were trying to stay in touch with our customers and look at the key indicators that they are watching. And as Steve indicated earlier, right now in our region, the indicators are actually quite positive.
Geoffrey Elliott: So I guess to follow-up how should we reconcile the indicators being quite positive with the message that you are kind of incrementally more cautious on credit as we go through 2016 for Huntington and for the industry?
Mac McCullough: Well, I think theres a lot of uncertainty out there right now. And that is  we always take a conservative stance. If we have questions in the economy, were going to  going to take a more cautious approach. But I would say that theres a Stark contrast today between what you see in the news and the way our customers and then folks in our region are feeling. But nonetheless, we are paying attention to the warning signs and clearly, you know, the energy and commodities businesses are quite volatile and that goes into our thinking.
Steve Steinour: And I think thats the key, right? Because were at a very low level in terms of charge-offs and nonperforming assets and we will see more volatility in 2016. So off of this low level is it likely that we see a trend towards the upside thats likely? Were very comfortable with how were positioned.
Geoffrey Elliott: Great. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thanks. because if we continue to manage this risk profile with an aggregate, moderate to low position and were coming off of a very severe cycle with absolute lows. So, were not overly concerned about it. In fact, we like the  we very much like the geography were in and what were hearing from our customers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andy Stapp of Hilliard Lyons. Your line is open.
Andy Stapp: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Andy.
Mac McCullough: Hi, Andy.
Andy Stapp: All of my questions have been answered, but I just want to make sure you said you have no exposure to oilfield service companies?
Steve Steinour: Thats correct. It would be negligible. There would probably be a couple of small deals out there that you could classify as oilfield services, but we have  as a strategy, we have specifically avoided that and within our energy vertical, we have zero exposure.
Andy Stapp: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
John Arfstrom: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Steve Steinour: Hi, John.
John Arfstrom: Mac, a question for you on your guidance. Its a bit of a propeller head question, but Ill ask it this way. This 3%, keeping the margin above 3%, are you talking about end of the year or full-year average for that?
Mac McCullough: I would say both, John.
John Arfstrom: Okay, hopeful. And then the other part is on the buyback, you have a tremendous amount of room left, given your share price, just curious how youre thinking about the buyback versus other uses of capital. Thanks?
Mac McCullough: Yes. So we did slow the buyback down as the quarter progressed, wanted to keep our powder dry. We fully intend to use the remainder of the buyback over the next two quarters. And weve talked about how we use capital in terms of supporting the core growth and supporting the dividend. And after that comes share buybacks and M&A activity. But obviously at this price, we like our  we like the price very well.
John Arfstrom: And do you plan to exhaust it, Mac? Or is this  is that just too big of a bite?
Mac McCullough: Obviously, it will depend on market conditions and where we go from here, but, certainly that is possible for us to use the entire authorization.
John Arfstrom: Okay, thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, John.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy of Stephens. Your line is open.
Terry McEvoy: Hi. Thanks. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Terry.
Mac McCullough: Hi, Terry.
Terry McEvoy: Hi. Just  first question, service charges on deposit accounts, it was nice to see that 8% year-over-year growth in the fourth quarter and up positive, I believe, for 2015. Looking ahead with no regulatory changes at all on fees, do you think the growth in that revenue line should be at or above the piece of new checking account or deposit relationship growth in the deposit base?
Mac McCullough: Terry, there are two components in that line, right. Theres the commercial, the treasury management revenue and then theres the retail side. Keep in mind that in the third quarter of 2014, we made our last fair play adjustment of $6 million. So youre seeing the first full quarter of kind of year-over-year growth off of the consumer side of the business reflecting the great job we do in bringing new households to the bank. And also tell you that treasury management had a great year in terms of product capability, penetrating the customer base, and fee growth. So, you know, certainly encouraged by what we see this quarter and definitely expect the trends to remain intact, especially relative to what you saw previous to this quarter.
Terry McEvoy: And then just a follow-up question for Steve. You talked about contingency plans, should the revenue growth in 2016 not attractive your kind of outlook that you discussed today. Could you just shed a little bit of light on, Im guessing thats on the expense side, where you see some opportunities if that does happen to be the case this year.
Steve Steinour: Well, we continue to invest in the business. Thats part of the plan. Weve been investing every year. We pace that investment and taper it off. And then there are other categories of expenses that that we would look to and some of that would be some of the business expansion in terms of people and related. Certainly, if we didnt see the revenue, the incentives and commissions would be adjusted. I think we may adjust some of our discretionary investments in a number of areas that we routinely want to look at. An example might be marketing. So hopefully that gives you  there is a smorgasbord that were working with. We do this routinely. Its part of what we deliver to our board. If for some reason the economy starts changing, then we have a series of levels of contingent adjustments.
Terry McEvoy: Thank you, both.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Terry.
Operator: [Operator Instruction] Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter of Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Peter Winter: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Peter.
Mac McCullough: Good morning, Peter.
Peter Winter: Mac, I just want to go back to the comment, the wanting to keep the powder dry. Can you just talk about the M&A environment right now and also, can you talk about what your financial parameters are for a bank acquisition?
Mac McCullough: So were obviously always looking for acquisitions. I think weve been very consistent in how we talk about it. I would say for us, theres really no change in terms of activity. We look at core banking franchises. We look at opportunities like MacQuarie that we had this year and continue to look into six to eight-footprint contiguous states. So I say, Peter, theres really no change in how we see the environment or really how we approach the environment.
Peter Winter: Have you seen an increase in maybe willingness of sellers, given whats been going on recently in the lower for longer kind of rate environment?
Mac McCullough: Its probably too early to make that call. I would say its been consistent in terms of what we see happening.
Peter Winter: Got it. Okay, thanks.
Mac McCullough: Okay. Thanks Peter.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I return the call to our presenters.
Steve Steinour: Well, were very pleased with our fourth quarter and certainly the full-year 2015 results. We delivered 13% annual growth in earnings per share and 4% annual growth in tangible book value per share. 2015 results reflected a 12.4% return on tangible common equity, and a one-on-one return on tangible  return on assets. As we enter 2016, Im optimistic, equally optimistic, I should say, with regard to the year ahead. Our strategies are working. Our investments continue to drive results and our execution remains focused and strong focused and strong. Were gaining market share and were taking share of wallet. So we expect to generate annual revenue growth consistent with our long-term financial goals, and well manage our continued investments in our businesses to the revenue environment. We continue to work toward becoming more efficient and improving returns. Finally, I want to close by reiterating that our board and this management team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priorities include managing risk, reducing volatility, and driving solid consistent long-term performance. So I want to thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth - IR Steve Steinour - Chairman, President and CEO Mac McCullough - CFO Dan Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore ISI Bill Carcache - Nomura Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Erika Najarian - Bank of America Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks Bob Ramsey - FBR Peter Winter - Sterne Agee Chris Spahr - Goldman Sachs David Darst - Guggenheim Securities
Operator: Good morning. My name is Keith and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, we will have a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Mark Muth: Thank you and welcome. Im Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about an hour from the close of the call. Slides 1 and 2 note several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read these but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures. And in that regard, I would direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations of the comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation, the additional earnings related material we released this morning and the related Form 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 3, todays discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. As noted on Slide 4, the presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer will also be participating in the Q&A portion of the call. Lets get started by turning to Slide 5. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks Mark. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. We appreciate your interest in Huntington. Since 2009, weve executed a well-defined strategy designed to grow market share and share-of-wallet. We introduced our fair play philosophy, our welcome culture and became known for our strong recognized whole brand, differentiated product set and industry leading customer service. In addition we invested in our franchise, building and expanding at a time when others were focused fairly on cost cutting. We plan to continue to invest on our business, although as we have stated before we will pace our investments to manage proportion of operating leverage on an annual basis. Our third quarter results again provide proof that our strategies are working and the investments weve undertaken over the past few years are continuing to pay off. We produced solid revenue growth despite the challenging interest rate environment. Our investments none of which are mature continue to drive future performance in revenue growth. We remain focused on disciplined execution. For the second quarter in a row we closed the GAAP on year-to-date operating leverage and were well positioned to deliver on our commitment for positive operating leverage for the third consecutive year. Slide 5 shows some of the financial highlights for the quarter. Earnings per common share of $0.18 was flat with the year ago quarter, while tangible book value per share increased 5% year-over-year to $6.88. As we disclosed in 8K filed on September 29, we received an unfavorable ruling on a decade old legal matter resulting in a $38 million or $0.03 per share charge in the quarter as noted in the significant items disclosure. Were fully reserved on the matter and we will be appealing the ruling. Year-over-year revenue growth was 5%, with both the net interest income and noninterest income contributing to the increase. High quality balance sheet growth including 6% year-over-year increase in average loans and leases and 10% increase in average core deposits. As we noted last quarter, while the value of core deposits may not be fully appreciated by the market in the current rate environment, we believe that our strong core deposit franchise will prove to be a key differentiator once interest rates begin to rise. Our credit quality remains very strong with only 13 basis points of net charge offs and 77 basis points of non-performing assets. Our capital ratios remain strong as well. Tangible common equity ended the quarter at 7.89% while common equity Tier 1 was 9.72%. Slide 6 provides the summary of income statement including some additional details on our noninterest income and noninterest expense for the quarter. Relative to last years third quarter, total revenue increased 5% to 757 million. Spread revenues accounted for the majority of the increase as we benefited from 8% average earning asset growth partially offset by 4 basis points of net interest margin compression. We continue to manage the net interest margin. We had disciplined pricing of both loans and deposits. Noninterest income increased 2% from the year ago quarter. Highlights from the quarter included a 9% increase in service charges on deposit accounts and 13% increase in electronic banking income, both reflecting continuous strong consumer and business acquisition. Recall that the year ago quarter included a 6 million per quarter negative impact of deposit service charges from changes to our consumer deposit products including all day deposit implemented in July of last year. As this quarters results demonstrate, we have now more than overcome that step down. Capital market fees increased 24% year-over-year reflecting the ongoing benefit of past investment and is key revenue capability for our commercial customers. Mortgage banking income declined 24% from the year ago quarter as 8 million MSR impairment more than offset 5 million increase in mortgage origination in secondary marketing revenues. Our wealth businesses were negatively impacted by the planned product substitution in our broker dealer following our 2014 transition to an open architectural platform and our strategy to move to more predictable revenue streams within the business. Trust services income decreased 11%, while brokerage income decreased 12%. During the quarter we announced agreements the transition are remaining equity and money market funds to ourto other fund families and to sell Huntington asset advisors, the current advisor for the funds. We expect these transactions will close during the fourth quarter with an immaterial impact on our 2016 run rate. Recall that we previously transitioned our fixed income funds during the second quarter of 2014. Reported noninterest expense in the third quarter was 527 million, an increase of 46 million or 10% from the year ago quarter. This quarters noninterest expense included two significant items, the previously mentioned 38 million addition to litigation reserves and 5 million of merger related expense from the Huntington Technology Finance acquisition earlier this year, the pending transition of the Huntington funds and the sale of Huntington Asset Advisors. Noninterest expense adjusted for significant items, increased 26 million or 6%. Slide 7 details the trends in our balance sheet mix. Average loans and leases increased 2.9 billion or 6% year-over-year as we experienced year-over-year growth in every portfolio. Average commercial and industrial loans grew 1.2 billion or 7%, while average automobile loans grew 0.9 billion or 11%. The year-over-year growth in the C&I portfolio primarily reflected growth in asset finance including the Huntington Technology Finance acquisition, corporate banking and auto dealer floorplan lending. The 2015 third quarter represented the seventh consecutive quarter of indirect auto loan originations in excess of 1 billion. Auto finance remains a core component to Huntington and is detailed on the slides and the appendix. Weve remained consistent in our strategy which is built around a dealer centric model and focused on prime borrowers. Our underwriting has not changed and the portfolio continues to perform very well. Average securities increased 1.6 billion or 13% year-over-year. Approximately 600 million of this increase related to direct purchase of small of municipal instruments originated by our Commercial lending team. Turning attention to the right side of the balance sheet, average deposits increased 5.4 billion or 11% over the year ago quarter including 4.8 billion or 10% increase in core deposits. Average noninterest bearing demand deposits increased 21% year-over-year and average interest bearing demand deposits increased 12%. These increases reflect our continued focus on consumer checking, household and commercial relationship growth. Other core deposit categories continue to benefit from our efforts to deepen banking relationships and to increase our share of wallet. Average money market deposits increased 9% year-over-year and average savings increased 4%. We continue to remix the consumer deposit base out of higher cost CDs and to other less expensive deposit products. Average core CDs decreased 20% year-over-year. Importantly the year-over-year growth in total core deposits more than fully funded our earning asset growth over this period. The strong core deposit growth also allowed us to pay down some short-term wholesale funding as average short-term borrowings and federal home loan bank advances decreased 2.7 billion year-over-year. Average long-term debt increased 2.5 billion as a result of three bank level senior debt issuances this year including 500 million increase - issued during the 2015 third quarter. Average broker deposits increased 500 million. These wholesale funding sources provided a cost efficient means of funding balance sheet growth including LCR related securities growth for maintaining brokers on managing core deposit expense. Slide 8 shows our net interest margin plotted against earning asset yields and interest bearing liability cost. The net interest margin decreased 4 basis points year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter to 3.16%. Recall the 2015 second quarter, net interest margin benefited from $3 million of prepayment penalties within the securities portfolio which added 2 basis points, similarly the 2015 third quarter net interest margin benefited from $3 million as well, again 2 basis points from interest recoveries on nonaccrual loans. We continue to experience pricing pressure across most asset classes in the quarter in addition the bank level senior debt issuances have increased our cost of funds on the margin. Going forward we expect net interest margin pressure to remain a headwind consistent with recent experience. Slide 9 provides some details on our current asset sensitivity positioning and how we manage interest rate risk. For the past several years we have run a more neutral balance sheet in many of our peers, in part related to our swap portfolio. The swaps were added in light of the outlook for prolonged low rates and helped us support our net interest margin over this period. As shown on the chart on the top, our modeling estimates that net interest income would benefit by 0.3% if interest rates were to gradually ramp 200 basis points in addition to increases already reflected in the current implied forward curve. This is consistent with estimates of the past several quarters. In a hypothetical scenario with 9 billion of asset swaps - without the 9 billion on asset swaps, the estimated benefit would approximate positive 3.9% in the up 200 basis point ramp scenario. The chart at the bottom of the slide illustrates the weighted average life of our asset and liabilities swap portfolios as well as the net impact of the swaps and our net interest income, including an incremental 28 million in the 2015 third quarter. As you can see in the green line, the asset swap portfolio continues to age in and had a weighted average life of 1.3 years at quarter end. As we stated previously, our asset swap portfolio is a laddered portfolio. There are no cliffs looming on the horizon. During the 2015 fourth quarter an additional 800 million of these asset swaps will mature and at an additional 3.6 billion will mature during 2016. LLC for these swap maturities would increase our estimated asset sensitivity. Slide 10 shows the trends in our capital ratios. Our risk based regulatory capital ratios improved modestly from the prior quarter end, while transfer common equity or TCE remained relatively flat. We repurchased 6.8 million common shares during the third quarter at an average price of $10.66 per share, effectively returning more than 72 million of capital to shareholders. We have about 195 million of authorized capacity remaining for the next three quarters under 366 million share repurchase authorization. Slide 11 provides an overview of our provision, charge offs and allowance for credit losses. Credit performance remain solid and in line with our expectations. The loan loss provision was 22.5 million in the third quarter compared to 16.2 million of net charge offs. Net charge offs were well controlled at 13 basis points, remaining well below our long-term expectations of 35 to 55 basis points. The ACL ration fell modestly to 1.32% of loans and leases from 1.34% of the prior quarter end, in line with modest overall improvements in credit metrics. The ratio of loans to nonaccrual loans increased to 184% compared to 180% a quarter ago. We believe the allowance is appropriate and reflects the underlying credit quality of our loan portfolio. Slide 12 highlights trends and criticized assets, non-performing assets and delinquencies. The chart in the upper left shows a slight decrease in the non-performing asset ratio for the quarter to 77 basis points. The NPA ratio is slightly for the second quarter in a row due primarily for higher payments on existing problem loans. The chart on the upper right reflects [indiscernible] improvement on our 90 day delinquencies with the improvement driven by the consumer loan portfolios. The bottom left shows the criticized asset ratio which also improved for the second consecutive quarter due to a noticeable reduction in the amount of new criticized inflows in the quarter. Finally, the chart in the bottom right shows NPA inflows as a percentage of beginning period loans increasing slightly to 29 basis points from 26 basis points last quarter. I mean, Ill turn the presentation over to Steve. Steve Steinour Thank you, Mac. Slide 14 provides the snapshot of the long-term trends in our consumer and commercial customer acquisition. Our fair play banking philosophy coupled with our optimal customer relationship or OCR focus continues to drive, we believe industry leading customer acquisition. Weve increased our consumer checking, households and business relationships by almost 9% and 6% compound annual growth rates since 2010. These robust customer growth rates have allowed us to post the associated revenue growth you can see in the two lower charts on the slide. A particular note, the last two quarters have shown improved momentum in the consumer household revenue metrics as weve lapped the last fee change we implemented under our fair play philosophy last August and realized the benefit of the underlying customer growth. We remain focused revenues and we continue to grow revenues despite the headwinds of the interest rate environment. As we have stated before, our strategy is not just about gaining market share but also gaining share-of-wallet, slides 14 and 15 illustrate the success of our LCR strategy in deepening our consumer and commercial relationships. As weve shared with you previously the corner stone of our LCR strategy is based around increasing the number of products and services we provide to our customers, knowing that this will translate both into more loyal, satisfied and stickier customers as well as revenue growth. During the first quarter of this year our LCR crossed our goal of six or more consumer products and services, crossed over the 50% mark for the first time. At the end of the third quarter this figure improved to more than 51% of our entire consumer checking households using six or more products or services. Correspondingly our consumer checking account household revenue is up 11% year-over-year. Turning attention to the commercial slide on fifth - on slide 15, our percentage of commercial customers with four or more accounts was 43.7%, up 30 basis points from the prior quarter and up 250 basis points from the year ago quarter. Again, this is translated directly to revenue growth, as commercial revenue increased 8% year-over-year. During conferences the past few quarters and during calls with our investor relation team, many of you have expressed the desire to better understand the economic strength and underlying trends in our footprint and so weve added slides 16 and 17 this quarter to help address those questions. We hope you find this beneficial. Since the economic recovery began, 2008 or 2009, economic activity in the key states of Ohio, Michigan and Indiana which account for approximately 90% of our business as measured by deposits, has grown faster than the national average. This outperformance has persisted through the past three months and based on the Philadelphias edge state [ph] leading indexes is expected to persist for the next six months. Chart on the bottom of slide 16 shows the unemployment rates in most of our footprint states continue to trend positively and most are in line with or better than the national average. One out layer is the state of West Virginia which continues to struggle with the impact of lower coal prices. Slide 17 shows the current and year ago unemployment rates for our ten largest deposit markets. These MSAs account for more than 80% of our total deposit franchise. As detailed in the chart, all of these markets continue to trend favorably. Slide 18 shows our year-to-date operating leverage results. Full year positive operating leverage is a long-term strategic goal for Huntington and a commitment weve made again for 2015. For the second quarter in a row, we narrow the gap on operating leverage, moving from 1.7% negative at the end of the first quarter to negative 40 basis points at the midpoint of the year and now to negative 10 basis points at the end of the third quarter. Weve strong revenue momentum and well pace or continue to investment to franchise appropriately for the revenue outlook. Therefore we remain confident in our ability to achieve positive operating leverage for the full year, both inclusive and exclusive of the impact of Huntington Technology Finance. Turning to slide 19 for some closing remarks and expectations, we remain optimistic about ongoing economic improvements in our foot print. While were monitoring certain industries or sectors potentially impacted by global macroeconomic developments, we remain bullish on the mid west economy as a whole. Customer sediment is positive, loan pipelines are encouraging, loan mutualization rates showed a slight increase for the second consecutive quarter. While competition remains intense, well continue to be disciplined in growing our commercial real estate and our C&I portfolios along with our consumer portfolios. Were committed to delivering strong results regardless of the interest rate environment. A 2015 budget was built around the current rate environment and the achievement of our goals is not dependant on a rate increase. We will follow a similarly prudent approach as we plan and budget for 2016. We control our own destiny and our focus and execution will deliver results. The relative stability of our net interest margin has been a key component in our revenue growth and maintaining our pricing discipline remains a key focus for Huntington going forward. While we expect pressure will remain a headwind until interest rates start moving back up, we expect to grow revenue despite this pressure. The benefit of our robust customer acquisition and OCR cross sale strategy was apparent as fee revenue improved this quarter with service charges on deposit accounts, electronic banking, treasury management, capital markets all contributing to the performance. We continue to invest in our businesses for the future, resulting in projected noninterest expense growth of 2% to 4% for the year excluding significant item that MSR activity and acquisition. We expect fourth quarter noninterest expenses excluding significant items will remain consistent with the adjusted noninterest expense levels of the prior two quarters. We expect full year 2015 revenue growth in excess of expense growth with committed positive operating leverage for the full year of 2015, again both inclusive and exclusive of Huntington Technology Finance. We believe the asset quality metrics will remain near current levels. We expect net charge offs will remain in or below our long-term expected range of 35 to 55 basis points. Modest changes are anticipated given the absolute low levels of our credit metrics. While we try and continue to be as a franchise with an emphasis on consistent shareholder returns, we build a strong and recognizable consumer brand with differentiated products and superior customer service. Were executing our strategies and adjusting to our environment were necessary. While past investments continue to pay off, we continue to move forward with further investments and enhance sales management, digital technology, data and analytics in optimizing our retail distribution network. None of our investments are matured. Theres a high level of alignment between the board, management and all of our employees and shareholders and were highly focused on our commitments to being good stewards of shareholder capital. With that Ill turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Muth: Thanks, Steve. Operator well now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy of your peers each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, John.
John Pancari: Just on the margin front. Just wanted to get a little bit color on the loan, this quarter they seemed theyve head up [ph] really well and then you indicated the margins should remain under pressure here. Should we expect a similar pace of compression like you saw this quarter about the 3 to 4 basis point range?
Steve Steinour: Yes, John. So were very deliberately focused on making sure that we appraise loans appropriately, so were very focused on making sure that we go through the right process internally and maximize pricing on both the asset and liability sides of the balance sheet. Thats really helping; I think the margin performance is some of the stability that youre seeing. We will continue to see the pressure going forward. Weve been pretty consistent in talking about 2 to 4 basis points. Some of the longer term debts that we are putting on the balance sheet at this point to fund 2016 growth and related to some of the rating agency changes will increase the margin or increase the funding cost on the margin. So I think the higher end of the range is probably what I would think about for the fourth quarter but again I think managing the margin for consistent stable performance.
John Pancari: Okay, all right. Thank you. And then certainly I guess I was going to hop over to capital, just wanted to ask you about your updated thoughts on deployment priorities when it comes to the buyback, dividend and also in - importantly on M&A and if theres been any change to those priorities given the stubborn interest environment. Thanks.
Steve Steinour: Yeah, our priorities have remained consistent with everything weve disclosed historically. Were of course focused on the dividend and return of capital to our shareholders, organic growth and - but the buyback I think, certainly if Macquarie or Huntington Technology Finances agreed, example of the type of acquisition that we think is very advantageous for our shareholders performing better than we expected and when you think about it from an acquisition like Macquarie versus the share repurchase, I would do an acquisition like Macquarie any day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning, this is Martin Turskin [ph] for Bob Ramsey.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Martin.
Unidentified Analyst: I had a question, so auto loans were up almost 800 million in the quarter and there was - this morning was a general article about OCC Director Cary [ph] being concerned about the activity in the market, are you seeing anything that concerns you?
Dan Neumeyer: Yeah, Martin, this is Dan Neumeyer. No and industry wide I think his observations are spot on but we have said repeatedly when you look at our strategy on auto loans weve been very consistent. Our numbers are rock solid in terms of whats originating [indiscernible], LTBs, the term of our loans, there is no risk layering within our portfolio, so we feel extremely confident in the performance of our book today.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Steve Steinour: Martin, this is a sort of industry I think of the control or the control of credit is done the industry and investors of service, pointing out where they have concerns, lets issues get addressed so we dont - as Dan said, were in great shape, we dont see us sitting with any concerns right now but obviously they must be existing at that subprime space.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, thank you. And then moving on to plant [ph] sale of Huntington asset division advisors, what do you expect to be the impact on revenues and expenses and whats the timing in the sale?
Steve Steinour: It will basically have a non-material impact on revenue and expense and it will take place in the fourth quarter.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, thank you very much.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache from Nomura. Your line is open.
Bill Carcache: Thank you, good morning.
Dan Neumeyer: Hi, Bill.
Bill Carcache: Hi, you guys talked about your commitment to achieving positive operating leverage and pacing your investments to make that happen. Can you walk through for us your tucking order of investment opportunities and perhaps give a little bit of color around whether those investment opportunities are revenue generating versus compliance related, just to give us a flavor of what some of those opportunities are?
Dan Neumeyer: Yeah, so the opportunities that were looking at are very consistent with what weve been doing over the last two or three years and we are investing in distribution. Youve seen us bring online a number of in-store branches which we think are going to be very advantageous for us in the future in terms of optimizing the cost of distribution. Our customers are migrating to those branches for their transactions and we actually sell very, very well in those facilities. So that clearly has been one area. Investments in technology has been another significant area for us. Youve seen us do a number of things with image enabled [ph] ATMs with new teller platform, with our deposit image [ph] capabilities on mobile phones and we make - continue to make strong investments in the digital capabilities that we need to go forward. So these are the types of investments that we are making and we continue to make and as it relates to positive operating leverage in 2016, were going to make these investments as appropriate, were going to manage the expense base based upon the revenue environment. Steve mentioned that we are budgeting 2016 assuming an unchanged rate scenario, which means that were going into the year with a very conservative expense outlook based upon an unchanged rate scenario. So again were going to continue to manage for positive operating leverage on an annual basis and were going to do that by making sure that we manage the expense based upon the revenue environment that were in, so very confident that were going to be able to achieve that in 2016.
Bill Carcache: Its helpful, thank you. Circling back on auto, can you talk about whats happening with your participation within auto and speak to any changes and practices that youre seeing? Yes, at the industry level as well as potentially how those could impact Huntington? Im really just trying to, I guess assess the risk of disruption to the flow of auto loans that you get from your dealer relationships?
Dan Neumeyer: Yeah, this is Dan again. We dont expect any disruption, we have a niche that we play on which is prime and super prime - we have great dealer relationships thats been established by Nick [inaudible 0:31:32]and his team over a long period of time, so while there may be disruption in the industry as a whole, we really think that we have a value proposition that weve been very consistent. We know what our target market is and we really dont expect any disruption to that.
Steve Steinour: Last time there were disruptions was 09 and 10 and we used it as an opportunity to expand. Weve been in the business for 60 plus years and we got multi-generational relationships particularly in our corporate brand. So we feel very bullish about the business.
Bill Carcache: So the flow of auto loans that you guys get from your dealer relationships arent really a function of dealer participation or be more function of the long-term relationships that youve had?
Steve Steinour: Yeah, I would say thats accurate. Our dealers know that they have a consistent source that has been there through every cycle and I think that dealer relationship is what drives the volumes.
Bill Carcache: Thats r very helpful. Thank you for taking my questions.
Steve Steinour: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott from Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Elliott: Hello, there. Thank you for taking the question. Following up on also and mark up[inaudible 0:32:47]. How do you expect the industry to evolve do you think over the next few years going to be going to the elimination mark ups, you mark ups just come down, do you think its kind of different with different players. If you could kind of think a few years out, what do you think the industry is going to be?
Steve Steinour: Geoff, the industry is trending towards a tighter range of pricing and we think a couple of years out it will be tighter but there will be a range, it wont be flat pricing. And were basing that on the recent announcements with some banks and the safety B [ph] where those pricing discretion allowed and that discretion may be an important part of delivering sales to some segments of the market place and the population as a whole.
Geoffrey Elliott: And then just to follow up, it looked like this quarter also was responsible for the bulk of increases in average loan balances. How do you see that changing over future quarters? When do you think the mix will shift away from also towards commercial and other categories driving loan growth?
Steve Steinour: Geoff, its really hard to say. I mean the - obviously the auto industry is very strong right now, record volumes and as we pointed out in our comments earlier, weve had seven quarters of a billion dollars or more in production. So I think it comes down to - in this environment we think the way we run this business, the quality of our portfolio from risk return perspective this is a good asset to have on our balance sheet. So were extremely comfortable with that. We certainly hope it continues long into 2016 and we think it will.
Geoffrey Elliott: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Huston from Jeffries. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, good morning. On the C&I side, you guys had been very clear about watching your growth and so youve seen kind of a flatness over the last couple of quarters. Im just wondering if you can help us understand whats happening on the HTF side, within that and then what other pockets of C&I are either growing or shrinking and how do you see that planning out forward?
Dan Neumeyer: Yeah, Ken, this is Dan. The market remains competitive but we are seeing a nice growth in many of the segments, equipment finance continues to be a driver and Huntington Technology Finance as a part of that has macro [indiscernible] actually beating expectations, so were happy with whats going on there. We had good growth in the quarter and in core middle markets, large corporate and our protocols continue to - each individual one is not huge but collectively healthcare franchise, AVL [ph] are all good contributors in the quarter. So its really a matter of picking our slots and which ones align best with our risk appetite. Overall, our backlogs are actually quite healthy, a little bit better even than a year ago at this time.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and then on the credit side this is the first quarter weve seen a provision build from you guys in quite a long time, I know you did have some recoveries in CRE but is this a flip over here, what are you guys seeing as far as the macro thats leading to that kind of decent delta from releasing to provisioning and should we expect builds going forward?
Dan Neumeyer: I dont think theres really. The numbers were talking about are kind of smaller side. I dont think theres been any dramatic shift. We did over provide a bit this quarter. I think weve been thinking for some time that the conversion of charge offs and provision would be more closely aligned and I think we continue - well continue to operate in that general range.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Steven Alexopoulos: Good morning everybody.
Mac McCullough: Good morning.
Mac McCullough: On the expenses, if I look at the year-to-date adjusted expenses of 1.4 billion and then I use your guidance for theres a [ph] consistent with the last two quarters for fourth quarter, that will imply somewhere around 1.9 billion adjusted for the year, which according to my math is 5.5% increase over the 2014 adjusted level of 1.8 billion. What am I missing there regarding to expenses in the 2% to 4% range?
Steve Steinour: Yeah, so it comes down to the fact that we added Macquarie this year. So that guidance is excluding HTF.
Steven Alexopoulos: The guidance is excluding that transaction. So what base should we be using for 2014 then with this 2% to 4% full year adjusted guidance?
Mac McCullough: So it should be the 2014 adjusted and then 2015adjusted excluding HTF. The reason that we did that is because we gave this guidance originally before the HTF transaction and we just felt it was important to continue to give consistent guidance here. So thats the way to think about the math, thats the way it works.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, got you. Okay. Separately given such strong growth that youve been having in auto are you guys planning for a securitization in the fourth quarter or may be just whats on timing for your next one?
Mac McCullough: Yeah, we continue to look at kind of the efficiency of the securitization market and the need for us to actually that either from a risk concentration or funding perspective, we dont see a need to do that in the near future. We have talked about perhaps doing some funding transactions in 2016 but again we dont see that as being required at this point in time.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, thats helpful. And Mac may be if I could just go back to the prior question I had, so what is the dollar of expenses assuming the numbers right that wish that were attributable to the deal that we should be excluding?
Mac McCullough: So we gave guidance on that last quarter. Macquarie expenses were about $15 million a quarter and very consistent in terms of what we see in this quarter as well.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, perfect. Thanks, guys.
Mac McCullough: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, good morning.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Ken.
Ken Zerbe: Just take off with interest rates, yearly margin in particular, obviously we heard it should go down from here but when we think about sort of the new money rates that you are putting on new business versus portfolio rates, how far off are the two, right? Is it really asset yields coming down thats still causing all the pressure or is more the liability cost going up? And the reason I want to compare that to some of the other banks in the industry whove been talking a lot more about NIM stability even in this environment? Thanks.
Steve Steinour: So you know up until this point in time if it really has been on the asset side of the equation, so we still are seeing as new assets come on the balance sheet. Theyre actually replacing assets that are coming off at a higher yield. You know were starting to see because of some of the debt issuance that were doing a bit of a change of the liability side as well not significant. But I would tell you that were probably pretty close to the assets life kind of neutralizing and I would think about maybe the second half of 2016 seeing some stabilization there.
Unidentified Analyst: On total NIM or just the asset side?
Steve Steinour: I would say probably both, given the current rate - given the current rate environment the current competitive environment lots of factors go into that of course but second half of 16 probably looks reasonable.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. And then second question I had, just on the swaps, are you guys planning to let those continue to runoff each quarter from here or just given sort of the low rate expectations about rate hikes, would you consider putting additional swaps on?
Steve Steinour: No, we do evaluate that frequently and I would tell that right now were comfortable with the current trajectory of how they are coming off. So again we spend a fair amount of time in ALCO, sub-ALCO reviewing the swap position and our overall asset liability position of course. And but I will stay that were staying of course.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, what would have to happen to change your view on that in terms of rate expectations or is that something else?
Steve Steinour: Yeah, I think - I think rate expectations length of still lay perhaps in seeing any changes coming out of the fed. I think were just, just at a process the information thats available to us and make decisions on that.
Unidentified Analyst: Alright, thank you very much.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian: Its my first question, is just on credit quality, I did notice that on the auto side that both NPLs in auto and late stage delinquencies did go up year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter and I am wondering if thats just normal seasoning of that or there something else going on there? And relative to your normal range for charge offs overall 35 to 55 basis points, where do you think auto losses would normalize to relative to the 20ish basis points that weve been seeing recently?
Mac McCullough: Yeah, so Erika first of all I would say that you know when we get down the performance metrics we have today are very, very well so any change from quarter-to-quarter even year-over-year at this point you know a tick up might noticeable but its still of a very low base. So I dont read anything into the any quarterly variance or year-over-year grants, but there is some seasonality and we do tend to be a little bit of an uptick in the third quarter and there might be a very small impact from some of the TCPA charges ability to call on customers therefore why was impacted but only very slightly, so that might be a part of it. But overall were very pleased with these metrics. Obviously, overtime we could see an uptick in charge off as we move to the cycle, although we continue to originate very consistently. And so I think it would be in line with historical performance.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And my follow-up question is - a follow-up to Johns question earlier. This quarter we saw headlines that Huntington was part of shooter, so to speak for a regional that would be a large portion of the bank. And given sort of your priority list in terms of capital allocation that you listed in terms of dividend buybacks and asset, is that in our part if the equation in terms of capital allocation in terms of buying a relatively lager deposit?
Steve Steinour: You know Erika, weve lost you, cant really hear the last part of the question.
Erika Najarian: Oh, I am sorry, I dont know where I cutoff that, you know given that Huntington is boiled in rumor, so as it possible shooter for the large northeast depository, but relative to your priority list of capital allocation dividends, buybacks and asset purchases like Macquarie, should we eliminate Huntington as a potential shooter for large depository deals like that over the next year or two?
Steve Steinour: So you know first we dont respond rumors in the marketplace, so thats the answer of on the specific question that you asked. But the way we think about acquisition is does not changed. Were extremely consistent; weve been consistent before a number of years in terms of thinking about the fixed footprint. Core depository is looking in the contiguous states is something we talked about as well. So weve been very consistent in how we talk about our M&A strategy.
Erika Najarian: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samir Kafity [ph]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for talking my questions. I just wanted to follow-up a little bit about on the slops that you mentioned earlier, I might have missed it, but in terms of the outlook for the NIM going forward, what have you taken to your expectation as far as replacing that swap book as those mature because it seems like based on the benefit youve been receiving from those as those slops mature on this, they were pleased if the negative impact on your margin and then to the extend you enter into a new swaps, you know could it be - possibility that those are maybe less economical than your current ones, so again that causes some downward impact on the NIM where youve been. So if you could just help us kind of clarifying thing to the impact on the NIM from the reduction in your swap that would be helpful?
Steve Steinour: Yeah, so the - the guidance that weve given on our NIM historically and continue to give on our NIM assumes that we can change the assets swaps for loss, so there is no replacement in that work as we give guidance and think about the future. So again weve been consistent in that approach and that guidance overtime.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you for the clarification. The other thing I was looking to just clarify also was in terms of again the dealer market issue, just kind of flush out a little bit in terms of settlements some of your peers have had with regulators, are you saying that you havent needed to unsecured any sort of pricing changes or caps in terms of your relationships with the dealers given your focus on prime and super prime customers and therefore you dont see an impact or have you already unsecured those changes and still arent seeing any impact on your business again because of the quality plus the account are going after? Just a clarify would be helpful.
Steve Steinour: So I dont think that we are anticipating any changes from what was happening in the marketplace today. Weve made changes back in 2010 around the way we think about pricing and what weve allowed the dealer to do. So we think that what we are doing today is very consistent with what we done sometime and that waiting time and dont see any issues there.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just a quick one if I may, in terms of your digital investment, could you help us, how much you are planning to invest in 2016 and the used in vision also investing on the digital side not only on the - for consumer loans and consumer relate activities but also any potential opportunities to invest related to your commercial businesses? Thank you.
Steve Steinour: So we dont really disclose the size of investment that we make in various aspects of the business from a technologic perspective. You know I will say that the investment they were making is broad across all segments and all lines of business and that we are accelerating that investment in digital. But again thats something that we dont disclose.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you for talking my questions.
Steve Steinour: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby. Your line is open.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. Steve I wanted to ask -
Steve Steinour: Good morning.
Marty Mosby: Well, yeah, same here.
Steve Steinour: Okay.
Marty Mosby: I wanted to ask you about the, when you look at the average customer relationships. As you are adding customers so quickly, but you are also being able to increase the pool that have six plus products, are you being able to just convert new customers with significant amount of products or is there just a wholesale change in the banker relationship and is that why you are being able to accomplish both those goals at the same time?
Steve Steinour: Marty, we have invested in our brand and in our products to make them very attractive with unique, in some cases unique features. We talked in prior earnings releases about an investment weve made last year in date and analytics and creating the capacity to better understand our customer base and their needs and desires and our capital to fulfill with them in different channels and the combination of those investments with our ongoing efforts to provide better sales execution is leading to growth in both new customers but growth in product penetration with the entire book. And we think were - while were better, we have opportunity to further improve.
Marty Mosby: And it usually just takes a little time for the new customers to kind of rollup and add their relationships, so its a very positive story to build you both at same time. And then Mac, I wanted to ask you about hedging in the mortgage banking unit. If you look at the volatility that you are getting just in the last you know two quarter, you had 6 million write-up, net write-up last quarter, you got a 8 million net write down this quarter. The volatility in your results is about 50% of your average mortgage banking revenue line, if you look Wells Fargo for incidence, their volatility is around 10%, is there any way that you can try to hedge out some of that volatility in the servicing portfolio with a change in interest rate? So just wanted to see if you had a philosophy that you all had or way to adopt maybe limit that volatility a little bit more?
Mac McCullough: Yeah, Marty, were taking to look at that. Obviously, I think the hedges are very efficient in last couple of quarters with just given some of the volatility and rate changes and kind of that market place. So were talking to look at it, a strategy is there but we do feel confident in what we are doing. I just think the market has been a little, little volatile last few quarters.
Marty Mosby: Okay, we could probably just talk offline a little bit about that because we have done in the past, so we could talk about few things, so weve been able to do to help me on minimize some of that volatility.
Steve Steinour: Thats great. Thanks Marty.
Marty Mosby: Alright, talk to you later. Thanks.
Steve Steinour: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey. Your line is open.
Bob Ramsey: Hi, just couple of question on fees. Given the mortgage, I am thinking weakness this quarter, could you give us some color around that and whats your outlook going forward?
Steve Steinour: Yeah, so keep in mind that the MSR impairment that we mentioned earlier on the call is embedded in that mortgage banking line, so thats $8.4 million in the mortgage banking line, excluding that year-over-year, I think were up $5 million in growth. So clearly we are seeing some reduction in volume relative to where we were earlier on the year, we do see revives like everyone else in the industry dropping off and purchases becoming more important, but I do think both the volumes are solid, but that as far as they werent earlier in the year.
Bob Ramsey: Got it. And service charges were up 5 million quarter, which kind of seems particularly strong and could you give me some color on whats driving that up?
Mac McCullough: So this actually is the first quarter on a year-over-year basis where we no longer have the impact of changes that we made for fair play. Back in July of 2014 was the last adjustment that we made that actually impacted us by $6 million a quarter. So were through that now and what you are actually seeing come true on that line is more reflective of the strength household growth that weve able to drive really since we introduced fair play. So that I think I think is a very positive sign around the success of the strategy and what we would expect going forward.
Bob Ramsey: Got it. Thank you very much.
Mac McCullough: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Peter Winter from Sterne Agee. Your line is open.
Peter Winter: Thanks. Good morning. I appreciate the new slides on the economic date. But just curious with the global slowdown, the strong dollar, have you guys seen any impact to your businesses or is it just so much new account that you are able to growth through that?
Dan Neumeyer: Hey Peter, this is Dan. I would say that, yeah, we watch the dollar China commodity, but I think for our local economy, the strength of the auto industry, the strength of the housing market and the fact that low energy prices well thats a negative for the energy businesses for many of our customers, you know energy costs are major input and to our consumers. So I think those factors combined actually have been a net positive and were still seeing strong demand and strong - pretty strong in our region.
Peter Winter: Is that contracting, I know you talked about it, but is it having a little bit of an impact of the C&I side?
Dan Neumeyer: You know I would say its only epithetic, were not seeing any trends in any industry. You know were seeing you know case here and there of somebody being particularly affected but on the whole, weve not seen any kind of industry level that impacts, we though at this point.
Peter Winter: Got it. Thank you.
Dan Neumeyer: Thanks Peter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Spahr. Your line is open.
Chris Spahr: Hi, good morning. I just have a question on deposit trends, I see that most accounts and the peers are down. I was wondering if we should read into that for the next few quarters?
Mac McCullough: Hi Chris, see now, I dont think if there is anything you should really read into that. I think we continue to see very positive growth on both consumer households and on the commercial side of the business, you know some really good growth on the commercial side. So I really dont think there is anything you should read into that.
Chris Spahr: Right, thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Chris.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
Steve Steinour: Okay, hearing no further questions. This is Steve, I want to just -
Operator: Excuse me. We did have one more question from the David Darst from Guggenheim. Your line is open.
David Darst: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Hi David.
Mac McCullough: Good morning, David.
David Darst: Thanks for including me. So I just wanted to ask about the HT of fee income and then I believe you got some operating leases with that portfolio as well, so should we see that the fee income contribution grow or is that going to betide overtime?
Steve Steinour: Yeah, the operating lease income will betide overtime along with the operating lease expense. So were not going to do operating leases going forward as we renew that business or bringing additional lease on and all end up in the margin going forward. So you will see both the income and the expense related operating leases are trying to come.
David Darst: Okay, great, thanks a lot.
Steve Steinour: Thank you. Any other questions, operator?
Operator: There are not further questions at this time. Ill turn the call back over to the presenters.
Steve Steinour: So were pleased with our third quarter results. And our strategies are working, our investments are positively contributing to results and our execution is focused and strong. We continued to gain market share and improve share wallet. We produced 5% year-over-year revenue growth in a challenging environment and weve remained focused on pricing and underwriting discipline. We continued to invest in our businesses but we pace those investments to assure positive operating leverage. We continued to work toward out long term corporate goals including becoming more efficient and boosting returns. And finally, I want to close by reiterating that our Board and this management team are all long term shareholders. Our top priorities include managing risk, reducing volatility, achieving positive operating leverage and driving solid, consistent long term performance. We are well aligned on these priorities. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you joining us today. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth - IR Steve Steinour - Chairman, President and CEO Mac McCullough - CFO Dan Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: John Pancari - Evercore Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Erika Najarian - Bank of America Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research David Long - Raymond James Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill Terry McEvoy - Stephens Jon Arfstrom - RBC Marty Mosby - Vining Sparks
Operator: Good morning. My name is Leanne and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Leanne and welcome. Im Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Slides 1 and 2 note several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read these but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures. And in that regard, I would direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation, the additional earnings related material we released this morning and the related 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 3, todays discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. As noted on Slide 4, the presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer will also be participating in the Q&A portion of the call today. Lets get started by turning to Slide 5. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks Mark. Good morning and thank you for joining the call today. We appreciate your interest in Huntington and we think we have good results to share with you this morning. Over the past several years, we have followed a contrarian path built around our fair play philosophy and our welcoming culture. We have strong recognizable brands and differentiated product set and industry leading customer service. In addition we have been investing in our franchise building and expanding in a time when others have been focused squarely on cost cutting. We will continue to invest in our business although we will pace our investments to manage our positive operating leverage on an annual basis. Our second quarter results highlighted by solid revenue growth and improved margins provide proof that our strategies are working and the investments weve undertaken over the past few years are paying off substantially. Our investments are yet mature and should continue to drive future revenue growth and future performance improvement. We remain focused on disciplined execution and we are well positioned to finish the year strong, delivering positive operating leverage for the third consecutive year as well as improved returns for shareholders. Slide 5 shows some of the financial highlights for the second quarter. Strong revenue growth for the record setting quarter resulting in net income growth of 19% over the same quarter of last year. Earnings per common share of $0.23 increased 21% year-over-year. These results equated to a 1.16 return on assets and a 14.4 return on tangible common equity. The underlying strength exhibited this quarter was broad based and included the impact of our acquisition of Macquarie Equipment Finance which we have rebranded Huntington Technology Finance or HTF. Total year-over-year revenue growth of 9% benefited equally from spread revenues and fee income. Net interest income grew 7% while fee income grew 13%. Healthy balance sheet growth included a 6% year-over-year increase in average loans and leases and a 9% in average deposits. For the second straight quarter deposit growth was driven largely by growth in core deposits which is a very encouraging trend as we continue to focus on deepening relationships and earning primary banking status with our customers. Core deposit growth more than fully funded loan growth over this period. While the value of our core deposits may not be fully appreciated in the current rate environment, we believe that our strong core deposit franchise will provide true differentiation when interest rates begin to rise. Our credit quality remained very strong with only 21 basis points of net charge-offs and 81 basis points of non-performing assets. We repurchased 8.8 million common shares at an average price of $11.20 per share effectively returning more than 99 million of capital to shareholders. We also completed a 750 million indirect auto loan securitization during the quarter resulting in a net gain of 5 million. This securitization demonstrated investors endorsement of the quality and consistency of our auto finance business, one of our distinctive capabilities. Finally we continue to be recognized for our focus on excellent customer service and our distinguished brand. During the quarter we were recognized by both J.D. Power and TNS for the third consecutive year for our customers centric focus. We were also recognized by the American Banker for our strong reputation. Slide 7 is a summary of our quarterly trends and key performance metrics. We've already touched on many of these, so let's move to Slide 8 for a more detailed review of the numbers. Relative to last year's second quarter, total revenue increased 9% to 780 million. We are very pleased with our strong revenue growth in this challenging environment. As I mentioned previously spread revenue and fee income accounted for roughly equal parts of the increase of the revenue. Spread revenues benefited from balance sheet growth as earning assets increased 10% year-over-year partially offset by continued NIM progression of 8 basis points. Spread revenues during the second quarter included 17 million of net interest income from HTF. Fee income for the 2015 second quarter was 282 million, a 13% increase from a year ago quarter. The primary components of the increase were a 60 million increase in mortgage banking income, 12 million in fee revenue from HTF and a 9 million increase on gains on the sale of loans which included a 5 million gain on the 750 million indirect auto loan securitization. Other fee income sources also posted double digit year-over-year growth rates including electronic banking and capital markets. We continue to see the benefits of consumer and commercial customer growth manifested in these areas. Deposit service charges also benefited from our robust customer growth as we have almost grown through the 6 million per quarter impact from changes to our consumer deposit growth -- our consumer deposited products including All Day Deposits implemented in July of last year. Reported non-interest expense in the second quarter was 492 million, an increase of 33 million or 7% from the year ago quarter. Recurring expense related to HTF was 16 million or almost half of the year-over-year increase. The second quarter also included 2 million of merger related expense that is not recorded as a significant item for the quarter but is expected to be recorded as a significant item for the year as we will complete the systems integration of HTF later in 2015. Slide 9 details the trends of our balance sheet mix. Average loans and leases increased 3 billion or 6% year-over-year including 839 million of leases from the HTF acquisition. During last quarter's earnings call we mentioned that we expected lower second quarter growth in C&I and CRE due to our risk return expectations, and this was the case. However loan growth in our loan pipeline will strengthened later in the second quarter providing room for increased optimism in the back half of the year. Notably in the second quarter we experienced year-over-year growth in every loan portfolio. The indirect auto portfolio increased 10% from the year ago quarter. As shown on Slide 53 in the appendix our indirect auto operating model remains unchanged with our disciplined approach to the business reflected in the credit performance metrics. As mentioned in the opening remarks we completed a 750 million indirect auto loan securitization. Recall that we previously moved 1 billion of auto loans to help our sale and near the end of the quarter we moved the remaining 250 million of indirect auto loans back into the portfolio. After reviewing the existing and projected size of the overall auto portfolio relative to our concentration limit as well as the transaction economics, we opted to scale back to size of the securitization. This allows us to realize the longer term benefit of keeping these high quality assets on our balance sheet. Previously, we mentioned that we expected to complete an additional securitization during the latter half of 2015 or perhaps in early 2016. However completion of the securitization in the second quarter, we reexamined our appetite for indirect auto loans taking into consideration the strong consistent performance of the asset class during the past economic cycle and in the CCAR and DFAST stress test. As a result of this review we decided to raise our auto concentration limit from 150% of capital defined as Tier 1 capital plus reserves to 175% of capital. As such we no longer anticipate the need for an off balance sheet securitization in the back half of 2015. Turning attention to the right side of the balance sheet, averaged total deposits increased 9% over the year ago quarter including an 8% increase in core deposits. Average non-interest bearing demand deposits increased 18% year-over-year reflecting our focus on the consumer checking and commercial relationship level. Specifically, commercial non-interest bearing deposits increased 19% year-over-year while consumer non-interest bearing deposits increased 15%. Total core deposits from commercial customers increased 17% year-over-year while total core deposits from consumers increased 2% as we continue to remix the consumer deposit base out of higher cost CDs into other less extensive deposit products. Importantly, the year-over-year growth in total core deposits more than funded our loan growth over this period. Average short and long-term borrowings increased by 1 billion year-over-year which includes 750 million and 1 billion of bank level senior debt issued during the 2014 second quarter and 2015 first quarter respectively. We also issued 750 million of bank level senior debt on the last day of the 2015 second quarter. Average brokerage deposits increased 600 million. These deposits provide a cost effective means for funding balance sheet growth including LCR related securities growth while maintaining focus on managing core deposited expense. Turning to Slide 10, we see net interest margins spotted against earning asset yields and interest bearing liability cost. The NIM increased 5 basis points quarter-over-quarter to 3.20% primarily due to the addition of higher yielding assets from the HTF acquisition. In addition we recorded approximately 3 million of prepayment penalties within the securities portfolio, which added 2 basis points for the margin. These contributions were partially offset by continuing pricing pressure across most asset classes. The net interest margin decreased 8 basis points from the year ago quarter, also reflecting downward asset reprising pressure. Going forward, we expect pricing pressure to remain a headwind, as many asset classes continue to re-price lower while funding cost have limited room for improvement besides from continuing remixing them on deposit base. Slide 11 provides some detail on our current asset sensitivity and how we manage interest rate risk. For the past several years we have run a more neutral about position balance sheet compared to many of our peers in part related to our swap portfolio. These swaps were added at a time when the outlook suggested a prolonged period of consistently low rates. As shown in the top of -- the chart on top, our models estimate that net interest income will benefit by 0.3% if interest rates were to gradually ramp 200 basis points in addition to increase thats already reflected in the current implied forward curve. This is consistent with our estimates from the past few quarters. In a hypothetical scenario without the 9.2 billion of asset swaps our models estimate that net interest income will benefit by approximately 4.3% in the same up 200 basis point ramp scenario. The chart at the bottom of the slide illustrates the weighted average life over asset and liability swaps. As well as the net impact of the swaps on our net interest income. As you can see on the green line, the asset swap portfolio continues to age in and had a weighted average life of 1.5 years at 6/30/15. As we have said it previously, our asset swap portfolio is the laddered portfolio. There are no cliffs looming on the horizon. Over the next two quarters 1 billion of these asset swaps will mature and an additional 3.5 billion will mature during 2016. The maturity of these swaps would increase our estimated asset sensitivity. Slide 12 shows the trends in our capital ratios. Our regulatory capital ratios improved modestly from the first quarter, while tangible common equity remained relatively flat. We repurchase 8.8 million common shares over the quarter at an average price of $11.20 per share under our 366 million share repurchase authorization. We have 267 million in authorized capacity remaining from the next four quarters. Slide 13 provides an overview of our credit quality net trends. Credit performance remain solid and in line with our expectations. Net charge-offs remain well controlled at 21 basis points, below our long-term expectations of 35 to 55 basis points. The non-performing asset ratio fell slightly in the quarter due to lower inflows compared to the prior quarter as well as the higher number of loans returning to recurring [ph] status. The criticized asset ratio also improved in the quarter aided by an increase in the volume level upgrades in the past category. The allowance for credit losses ease modestly with the ACL ratio falling from 1.3% last quarter to 1.34% currently. All credit metrics fully reflect the results of the recently completed annual shared national credit exam. Slide 14 highlights trends in criticized assets, non-performing assets and delinquencies. The chart in the upper left shows a slight decrease in the NPA ratio for the quarter to 81 basis points. The level of NPAs has been fairly consistent over the past six quarters and is in line with our expectations. The chart in the upper right reflects continued improvement in our 90-day delinquencies with the improvement coming from both the commercial and consumer loan portfolios. The chart in the bottom left shows the criticized asset ratio which also improved in the quarter as new inflows of criticized assets were more than offset by upgrades and pay downs. Finally the chart on the bottom right shows a reduction in NPA inflows as a percentage of beginning period loans fall in from 30 basis points to 26 basis points. Turning to Slide 15, the loan loss provision was 20.4 million in the second quarter compared to 25.4 million of charge-offs. The ratio of allowance for non-accrual loans remain steady at 180% compared to 181% in the prior quarter. The ACL ratio fell modestly to 1.34% from 1.38% in the prior quarter in line with modest overall improvement in credit metrics. We believe the allowance is appropriate and reflects the underlying credit quality of our loan portfolio. Let me now turn the presentation over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Mac. Slide 16 provides a quick snapshot for the long-term trends in our consumer and commercial customer acquisition. Our Fair Play banking philosophy coupled with our optimal customer relationship or OCR focus has substantially driven customer acquisition since its inception. As you can see weve increased our consumer checking households and business relationships by almost 9% and 6% compound annual growth rates since 2010. We believe these are industry leading customer acquisition rates. These robust customer growth rates have allowed us to post the associated revenue growth you can see in the two lower charts on the slide. Were a company focused on revenue and revenue growth and we will continue to grow revenues despite the headwinds of the interest rate environment. We have seen our dedication to OCR payoff but to get the full picture we turn to Slide 17 and 18 and in doing so I want to stress that our strategy is not just about gaining market share but also gain in share of wallet. As we have shared with you previously the cornerstone of our OCR strategy is based around increasing the number of products and services we provide to our customers knowing that this will translate both into more loyal and satisfied customers as well as revenue growth. During the first quarter, our OCR consumer cross-sell goal of six or more consumer products and services crossed over the 50% mark for the first time. This figure increased an additional 80 basis points during the second quarter and now 51% of our consumer checking household use six or more products and services. Correspondingly our consumer checking account household revenue is up 9% year-over-year. Turning attention to the commercial side of Slide 18, our percentage of commercial customers with four or more accounts -- four or more products and services was 43.4%, up 70 basis points from the prior quarter and up 210 basis points from the year ago quarter. Again this is translated directly to revenue growth as commercial revenue increased 5% year-over-year. Slide 19 shows our year-to-date operating leverage results. Full year positive operating leverage is a long-term strategic goal for Huntington and a commitment we have made again for 2015. We significantly narrowed the gap in the second quarter moving from negative 1.7% at the end of the first quarter to negative 40 basis points at the midpoint of the year. We have strong revenue momentum and we will pace our continued investment in the franchise appropriately for the revenue outlook. Therefore, we remain confident in our ability to achieve positive operating leverage for the full year both inclusive and exclusive of the impact of the Huntington Technology Finance. Turning to Slide 20 for some closing remarks on expectations. We remain optimistic about the ongoing economic improvement in our footprint. We are bullish on the Midwest economy. While average loan growth hit was decent this quarter we saw momentum building in our pipelines and in our loan growth during the latter half of the second quarter. Customer activity remains encouraging. Loan utilization rates showed a slight increase during the quarter giving additional reason for optimism. While competition remains intense, we will continue to be disciplined in growing our commercial real estate and C&I portfolios. We are committed to delivering strong results regardless of the interest rate environment. Our budget has been built around the current rate environment and our execution is not dependent on a rate increase. We control our destiny and our focus and execution will deliver results. Net interest margin improved this quarter with the impact of Huntington Technology Finance, however we expect NIM pressure will remain a headwind until interest rates start moving up. We expect to grow revenue despite the pressure. Fee revenue improved this quarter with electronic banking, treasury management, capital markets and mortgage banking, all demonstrating particularly strong momentum. We continue to invest in our businesses for the future resulting in projected non-interest expense growth of 2% to 4% for the year excluding significant items, net MSR activity and acquisitions. On a reported basis, we expect non-interest expenses will remain near the second quarter 2015 level for the rest of the year. We expect revenue growth in excess of expense growth and we are committed to positive operating leverage for full year 2015. We believe the asset quality metrics will remain near current levels. We expect net charge-offs will remain at or below our long-term expected range of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. Modest changes are anticipated given the absolute low levels of our credit metrics. Longer term we continue to manage the franchise with an emphasis on consistent shareholder returns, we've built a strong and recognizable consumer brand with differentiated products and superior customer service. We are executing our strategies and adjusting to the environment when necessary. While past investments continue to payoff we continue to move forward with investments in enhanced sales management, digital technology, data and analytics and optimizing our retail distribution network. There is a high level of alignment between the Board, management and indeed all of employees and shareholders, and while we are highly focused on our commitment to being good stewards of shareholders' capital. With that, I am going to turn it back to Mark
Mark Muth: Leanne we will now take questions. We ask that as a courtesy to your peers each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of John Pancari from Evercore. Your line is open.
John Pancari : On loan growth side, just wondering if you can give us a little bit more color on the C&I loan trends average show a pretty good growth, but on the end of period basis they were flattish, wanted to see if thats a number we should grow off of or is it the average trends that think are more sustainable there?
Mac McCullough: This is Mac. So I do think what you're seeing in the quarter is consistent with the guidance we gave last quarter on the call. We do have good pipeline that picked up later in the quarter and we are being very disciplined in terms of how we think about this from our risk appetite and reward perspective. You know, I do think that if you adjust for the Macquarie acquisition and think about the end point of the quarter that would be a good starting point for growing off of. But again we did see strength in the latter part of the quarter and again it's what we expected when we announced last quarter.
John Pancari : And then also on the loan fund as I follow-up, wanted to get your thoughts on auto loan growth, the growth on balance sheet balances given your commentary around the intent to retain more of your production. How should we think about growth in that portfolio going forward?
Mac McCullough: I would tell you that the growth is pretty consistent with what you've seen historically. We have made some pricing changes that have impacted volume and some of this pricing changes have stuck. I think that it's important just to think about the environments and the fact that it is, but there is good opportunities for auto growth and were going to be consistent with what we produce historically.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ken Zerbe : I guess just sort of follow-up on the auto, why is it a good idea to increase concentration to auto, you obviously set that 150% for a reason and I know you guys do great underwriting. But it just seems that you're intentionally adding more risk and more concentration to a single asset class and I would love to know the rational to why that is?
Dan Neumeyer: This is Dan. I think when you look at our auto portfolio and we measure a risk in volatility our auto portfolio has been one of the most consistent performers overtime and when we run our analysis and look at struck [ph] losses versus base losses is a very, very stable portfolio. We havent had to adjust our underwriting perimeters in order to gain volumes, if you look at our FICO scores, our LTV's, the term, et cetera they have been rock solid over the cycle and we just think it's a great asset class and we dont think that at 175% of capital that that is outside at all. So we like the asset, we think it's proven itself and we think that level of concentration is very responsible.
Ken Zerbe : And then the second question I had just in terms of the margins at 320 obviously pick up presumably due to HTF is 320 a decent starting point next or there was any unusual items and then we applied the margin compression on that 320, is that fair?
Mac McCullough: It's Mac, so HTF added 7 basis points to the margin in the quarter and then there was about 2 basis points related to some security calls. So I think thats how you got to think about it going forward at least at the starting point. And then just keep in mind that weve been pretty consistent in 2 to 4 basis points of compression on a quarterly basis and we dont think thats unreasonable.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos from JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Steven Alexopoulos : Let's just start looking at the 2% to 4% expense guidance which implies 1.9 billion of 2015 adjusted expenses, given where you were at the year-to-date point 946 million that implies a range of somewhere between 450 million and 470 million featuring the next two quarters. I am just curious given where the second quarter run rate came out, is there realistically any chance that you end up at the low end of the range, so 2% for the year, I was a bit surprised you didnt take up the guidance to at least maybe three to four something like that. Help us think about the range and why you are maintaining the guidance?
Mac McCullough: It's Mac, so we do feel very comfortable that expense growth from the remainder of the year is going to be very consistent with what you see in the second quarter, so we think it's important to be consistent in the guidance that we provide and make sure that we report back to you on how we are performing against that guidance. And again even with all the investments that we have coming on later this year we are opening more in-stores, we continue to make investments in digital and other technology. We feel very comfortable with expenses being at the same level second quarter of 2015.
Steven Alexopoulos : You think it's feasible that we could end up at the low end of that range?
Mac McCullough: Ill leave that to you to decide based upon the guidance that weve given here. But certainly were comfortable stuck in second quarter levels.
Steven Alexopoulos : Okay. And I just wanted to follow up on raising the concentration limit of auto, can you just walk us through? So what's exactly is changing, is it better quality business reviewing, are you responding to pressure in C&I and other areas, is that way you are raising the limit?
Mac McCullough: I think it really, again the limit goes to when we look across the portfolio where is there less volatility, where we have the historical performance, et cetera. What's the allocation we want in the various asset classes on a relative basis and we think that one, we dont think 150 to 175 is significant, but we think it's fully supportive based on the results, and past history and where we want to book to go in the future.
Steven Alexopoulos : Okay, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the lines of Ken Usdin from Jefferies. Your line is open.
Ken Usdin: Thanks. Good morning guys. If I could follow up on the fee side. I just wanted to ask about you mentioned been really strong quarter for mortgage partially on the production side, also on the MSR, what your outlook would be there? And then secondly, the other line with the 12 million helper from HTF, is that consistent of a fee generator also in terms of run rating that level?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Ken, it's Mac. So we have a good performance in mortgage and we do expect continued performance. Keep in mind we did have 6 million in MSR pickup in the quarter and we certainly dont forecast either gains or losses when we put together our models. So we do think that mortgage is going to be a good contributor to revenue growth for the remainder of the year. And when you think about HTF and the revenue on the fee side, we do think that thats a good base to build off of.
Ken Usdin: Okay. So my quick follow up here would just be on HTF in aggregate the revenue that we saw both -- and expenses across the board, this is all kind of the right run rate aside from future growth, right. So what was in the 7 basis points in NIM, the 12 in fees and then the amount of expenses accounted [ph] with good go forwards spots?
Mac McCullough: Yes, so, very, very comfortable with that. And one thing I would point out is that HTF did have some operating leases and we're not going to be booking operating leases going forward. So you will start to see, if there's $8 million of revenue in the quarter and $6 million of expense in the quarter related to operating leases, those items will start to run off. But they will be replaced, obviously, on the balance sheet with new production that wont be operating leases. So you need to think about the timing of how you adjust your fee revenue and your expenses, but just want to make you aware of that.
Ken Usdin: Okay thanks for that Mac, appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Mac I was wondering if you could walk us through how we should expect the balance sheet to grow especially relative to where you are or where you want to be on LCR. How we should think about earning asset growth relative to loan growth?
Mac McCullough: So Erika I would tell you that where we need to be for LCR for 2015 and as we think about what we're going to do going forward to get to 100% we're not going to increase the size of the security portfolio. So we are basically going to be able to take cash flow from the securities portfolio and get the securities that we need to be compliant with LCR at a 100% level. So you won't see the balance sheet grow due to selling compliant with LCR.
Erika Najarian: Got it. And so the pace of balance sheet growth should be roughly equivalent to that of our loan growth assumption.
Mac McCullough: Thats exactly right.
Erika Najarian: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott from Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Elliott: I wanted to ask on the new slide that you've given us on the impact of swaps. I am talking what net interest income sensitivity would look like if those swaps rolled off. Is that an indication of intend to at all? If rates pan out as you are expecting, are you planning to bring the swap portfolio down or is that purely kind of hypothetical exercise at this point?
Mac McCullough: So we've been pretty consistent in talking about our comfort with the way the swap portfolio is laddered and the way the swaps are rolling off naturally. We provided some guidance around 1 billion of swaps coming off in 2015 and an additional 3.5 billion in 2016 and those are the natural maturities of the portfolio. So we feel very comfortable with that.
Geoffrey Elliott: And so the intension is not replace them by putting on new swaps?
Mac McCullough: That our current intent, we feel like this was a very wise thing for us to do in the rate environment we were in, it actually protected the margin significantly and helped us manage interest rate risk on the balance sheet and we think the timing of these swaps and their current maturities is advantageous for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Long from Raymond James. Your line is open.
David Long: In regard to your expansion in Michigan with the new in-store locations in the Meijer Superstore, what kind of expenses did you see here in the second quarter from that initiative? And then with those opening I know about July 1st, what will be the pickup in expenses we should expect here in the third quarter?
Mac McCullough: It's Mac, weve got 30 new locations set to open in third quarter, another 10 in the fourth quarter. And you need to keep in mind that we do hire the bankers 60 to 90 days in advance for opening those stores. The remainder of the expenses you can expect to see come online as we open those branches. So not going to go into detail around those specifics of incremental expense related to the expansion, but again Ill take you back to the expense guidance that weve given and were very comfortable with second quarter levels.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers from Sandler ONeill. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers : Mac I was hoping you could maybe just flash out, sort of whats going on in overall commercial yields and I guess just kind of pace of degradation. I get what you said about pricing pressure is going to continue, but it can be little tough from outside to given the impact of HTF kind of the pace of degradation whether that softened at all in the second quarter, what are your thoughts there?
Dan Neumeyer: This is Dan, I think that while there continues to be pressure, I do feel that it is starting to stabilize a little bit. So I think the pace of the pricing pressure and structural pressures is maybe leveling out a little bit. So maybe a lesser reduction on a go forward basis than what weve experienced today.
Scott Siefers : And Mac just sort of tricky-tact question, what level if any of integration charges are you expecting per quarter in the second half for the year?
Mac McCullough: I would suggest it's not going to be a material number, it's actually the cost to integrate HTF on full rate [ph] is one of the lowest cost I have ever seen in immigration. So it's really not material.
Scott Siefers : So in other words the expense guidance for the second half you reported and thats a core number you're expecting as well?
Mac McCullough: Thats a way to think about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy from Stephens. Your line is open.
Terry McEvoy: You have nice quarter-over-quarter increase in service charges is there any way to separate what is seasonal versus whats connected to your growing customer base and so is that growth in fees coming from just more customers and does that more than offset whats going on across the industry in terms of declining fees?
Mac McCullough: So I think the way to think about it, second quarter is typically seasonally strong and I think if you go back and take a look overtime and just get an idea what happens there thats one way to think about it. Its probably a little bit more difficult for us because a Fair Play and some other changes that weve made. Clearly when you think about the way we acquired new households and commercial customers, a lot of the growth in the new customers have really helped us overcome, some of the changes weve made on the Fair Play side. And then with our focus on OCR and deepening relationships thats been very beneficial as well. And particular treasury management which -- some of the revenue associated with treasury management gets recorded in that line and weve had very strong growth in treasury management. And the last thing Id point out is that we did make some changes in July of last year that costs us about $6 million a quarter in service charges and were basically through that impact at this point. So I would expect to see some favorable growth in service charges for the remainder of the year.
Terry McEvoy: And then youve been showing these consumer and commercial relationship product penetration slides for years and they are all up into the right and I guess Mac my question is, what category either consumer commercial is more important for achieving the positive operating leverage, which one should we look at before the other?
Mac McCullough: It's a great question, I think they both have contributed in a pretty material way. I think weve had better success in revenue growth related to new customer relationships on the commercial side, I think the bigger opportunity going forward is on the consumer side. So thats probably how I would think about it. I think a lot of the investments weve made on the commercial side of the business particularly on the fee side have paid-off very nicely for us and as we think about the opportunity to deepen relationships on the consumer side of the business going forward and take advantage of all the new households, weve brought to the organization that is going to be a nice driver for us going forward.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom from RBC. Your line is open.
Jon Arfstrom: Couple of follow ups here, just one on asset sensitivity, may be, but non-interest bearing deposits have become a much large piece of your deposit base over the past several years. I am just curious how you expect those balances to behave in a rising rate environment? In other words, is the growth driven by consumer household accounts or something else in there that may [indiscernible]?
Stephen Steinour: This is Steve, we started with a strategy of share of wallet along with the share of market. And so we measured loyalty and retention and how that was impacted as we increased share of wallet. Therefore we expect our DDA to be very sticky as a consequences of cross-sell that we've been able to add on both the consumer and the commercial.
Jon Arfstrom: Okay, good. That's helpful. And then a follow up for may be Mac on the accelerated expansion you talked about the branches that are coming online in Q3 and Q4. The incremental expenses done at the end of Q4?
Mac McCullough: There might a few branches that will meet into 2016, but I think for all practical purposes we accrue no expenses around Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Marty Mosby from Vining Sparks. Your line is open.
Marty Mosby: Thanks. Mac I want to touch a little bit about the decision to move around the interest rate sensitivity. You have been keeping it very neutral position which has helped the net interest margin. As you are letting things mature you are giving up a pretty wide spread with the steepness of your curve, and you are going to take all of that 4.3% increase in asset sensitivity really to replace what you are giving up on the interest rate swap. So there is trade off and I just wanted you to kind of talk a little bit on how you are thinking about that?
Mac McCullough: Yes, thanks Marty. So I do think, and we talked about this quite a bit historically that the swaps that we put on and when we put them on, actually did a great job in protecting the margin and you and I talked about that quite a bit. But when we put these on, we didnt put them on from thinking about a timing perspective and as we let them mature we're not really thinking about it in terms of trying to time what's happening in the market place. We do have a belief as I think most do, the rates are going to rise, if it's not in third or fourth quarter, certainly it will be early next year. And when we think about just the natural maturity of the portfolio it seems like it's the right thing to do just to let these swaps mature. So that's the way we think about it and certainly we're not trying to thread the needle here.
Marty Mosby: The only thing I was, kind looking at is the 4.3% of pickup, gives you about $20 million worth of earnings as rates go up, a full 200 basis points if you look prorating the benefit of the 26 million that is kind of came up with your running off all those asset swaps, you were planning on giving up about $18 million. So it really looks like you are giving up current earnings to wait on the fed funds rate to go up 200 basis points and keeping a neutral balance sheet is always probably the overall goal not be one way or the other.
Mac McCullough: Right, which is the way we thought about it and we have disclosed historically, that we had historically 4 billion to 5 billion of asset swaps on throughout the cycle. So we certainly do think about how to hedge the balance sheet but again we are not trying to thread the needle here.
Marty Mosby: Got you. Thanks so much.
Operator: And this concludes our question and answer session for today. I'll now turn the call back over for closing remarks.
Steve Steinour: We are pleased with what was a record breaking second quarter. Results show that our investments are paying off, our strategies are working, and our execution is focused and strong, and we continue to gain market share and improve share of wallet and show no signs of slowing down. We have produced revenue growth of 9% in a challenging environment while remaining focused on pricing and underwriting discipline. In addition, we made significant progress on the integration of Huntington Technology Finance and are excited about the return profile this business provides. HTF will be a great deal for Huntington shareholders. With that said, there's always work to be done. We can do better and I dont want you think were content with one record quarter. While we continue to make progress on improving efficiency, we still have significant opportunity for improvement to achieve our long-term goal of an efficiency ratio in the 55% to 59% range. As our past and current adjustments in the businesses mature, we will continue to become more efficient and move towards that goal. I want to close by reiterating that our Board and this management team are all long-term shareholders. Our top priorities include managing risk, reducing volatility, achieving positive operating leverage and driving solid, consistent, long-term performance and were well aligned in these priorities. Thank you for your interest in Huntington. We appreciate you join us today. Have a great day everybody.
Operator: And this concludes todays conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Muth - Director of Investor Relations Steve Steinour - Chairman, President and CEO Mac McCullough - Chief Financial Officer Dan Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer Rick Remiker - Commercial Banking Director
Analysts: Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill John Pancari - Evercore Partners Inc. Mathew OConnor - Deutsche Bank Steven Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Bob Ramsey - FBR Erika Najarian - Bank of America Bill Carcache - Nomura Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Chris Mutascio - KBW
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jackie and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mark Muth, you may begin your conference.
Mark Muth: Thank you, Jackie. Welcome. Im Mark Muth, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Slides one and two, notes several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures. And in that regard, I would direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation, the additional earnings-related material we released this morning and the related Form 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our IR website. Turning to slide three, todays discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC including our most recent Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. As noted on slide four, the presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO of Huntington and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer and Rick Remiker, our Commercial Banking Director will also be participating in the Q&A portion of today's call. Lets get started by turning to slide five. Steve?
Steve Steinour: Thanks Mark. I'd like to thank everyone for joining the call today. It's an exciting time for us at Huntington. Our first quarter results demonstrated the strength of our franchise and business model in a challenging external environment. We're very pleased with the results and believe that the first quarter sets us up well for the remainder of the year. We're focused on finishing 2015 strong and positioning for continued success in 2016 and beyond. Our current focus is on improving our already strong competitive position in consumer banking, small business and middle market banking including the specialty lending verticals by improving sales execution, developing new products and deepening customer relationships through OCR. Our commitment to smart accretive acquisitions was on display during the first quarter as we successfully completed the acquisition of Macquarie Equipment Finance. We also announced the continued enhancement of our full-service branch network in a cost-efficient manner with the addition of 43 new in-store branches in Michigan. Slides six and seven show some of the financial highlights of the 2015 first quarter. Mac will discuss the details shortly, but I wanted to highlight a few of the items that I believe distinguish Huntington and illustrate our strategic execution. Good core balance sheet growth, along with strong performances from mortgage banking, and capital markets have set the tone for a solid quarter. We reported net income of $166 million a 11% increase year-over-year, an EPS of $0.19 a 12% year-over-year increase resulted in a 102% return on assets and 12.2% return on average tangible common equity. Total revenue increased 2% year-over-year which includes the impact of $17 million in securities gains in the first quarter of 2014 driven by 7% increase in the net interest income tied to strong balance sheet growth. Average loans and leases increased 10% from the year ago quarter and average total deposits increased 10% as well. The majority of deposit growth was due to an 8% increase in core deposits which we're very pleased with. Our focus on deepening relationships and earning primary banking status with our customers continues to benefit core deposit growth. On that note, I'm turning attention to slide six, we continue to see industry leading customer acquisition with 9% growth in consumer checking households and 5% growth in commercial relationships over the past year. With respect to the commercial growth rate in 2014 we implemented changes to our business banking products which caused approximately 10,000 lower balanced accounts to be closed over the course of the year. So the underlying core fundamentals were even stronger. We also continue to sell deeper across both our consumer and commercial relationships with more than half of our consumer relationships now have six or more products and services from Huntington and more than 42% of our commercial relationships have a cross-sell of 4% or higher. Slide seven has a few additional highlights from the first quarter. First our 2015 CCAR capital plan received no objection from the Federal Reserve for the upcoming five quarters through the 2016 second quarter our Board of Directors has approved the repurchase of up to $366 million of common shares. We successfully completed the acquisition of Macquarie Equipment Finance, and look forward to transitioning to the Huntington Technology Finance brand. We continue to be recognized for our focus on excellent customer service. For the second year in a row Greenwich Associates named Huntington one of the best commercial and business banks in the country. We also just received the 2014 TNS Choice Award for Consumer Banking in the Central Region which consists of 20 states in the middle of the country. So then this is the third time we've won this award and it's based on our strong performance in attracting new customers, satisfying and retaining customers and winning a larger share of the customers' total banking business. Finally, we repurchased 4.9 million common shares at an average price of $10.45 per share thus completing our previous buyback authorization from our 2014 CCAR capital plan. So with that, let me turn it over to Mac for a more detailed review of the numbers. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks Steve and good morning everyone. Slide eight is a summary of our quarterly trends and key performance metrics. Steve touched on several of these, so let's move on to slide nine and drill on to the details. Relative to last year's first quarter, total revenue increased 2% to $707 million. As Steve mentioned, this includes the impact of $70 million securities gains in last year's first quarter. Spread revenue accounted for the entire increase as net interest income grew by 7%. Driving net interest income growth was a 11% increase in average earning assets. Loans accounted for the majority of the balance sheet growth increasing 10% over the previous year. Remainder of the balance sheet growth came in the securities portfolio as we continue our preparation for the upcoming Basel III liquidity coverage ratio requirement. The net interest margin compressed 12 basis points year-over-year to 3.15%. This decrease reflected a 15 basis points contraction and earning asset yields partially offset by 4 basis-point decline in funding costs. On a linked quarter basis, the net interest margin compressed 3 basis points exclusively related to lower earning asset yields. Fee income for the 2015 first quarter was $232 million a 7% decline from the year ago quarter. The decline was primarily driven by $17 million decrease in securities gains. The overall fee income decrease we continue to see the benefits of consumer and commercial customer growth as both electronic banking and capital markets income growth was strong year-over-year. Electronic banking increased 16% while capital markets fees increased 51%. Capital markets had a particularly strong quarter primarily driven by customer interest rate derivatives revenue. I also want to highlight a particularly strong quarter for mortgage banking. Mortgage banking income grew 64% on a linked quarter basis and mortgage pipelines remained strong and have no signs of slowing down. Reported noninterest expense in the 2015 first quarter was $459 million, a decrease of $1 million or less than 1% from a year ago quarter. Noninterest expense in the first quarter of 2014 did include $22 million in significant items. So on an adjusted year-over-year basis, noninterest expense increased 4%. Given the challenging interest rate environment, we are deeply focused on revenue generation and remain disciplined in managing expense in order to achieve positive operating leverage for the full year. Slide 10 details the trend of our balance sheet mix. As Steve mentioned earlier, average loans increased $4 billion or 10% year-over-year. While pipelines remained strong we are becoming more selective as there were certain segments within C&I and COE where structure and price are not consistent with our risk and return expectations. As we continue to manage credit risk to achieve lower relative volatility through the cycle, we may expect to see some moderation in C&I and COE loan growth in the near term. During the first quarter we experienced growth in every portfolio. However, indirect auto and C&I accounted for approximately three quarters of the growth. The indirect auto loan portfolio increased 29% from the year ago quarter. As shown on slide 54 in the appendix we continue to focus on the super prime space and have not sacrificed credit quality to drive volume. Production remained strong even as we have increased pricing multiple times in recent quarters. Recent new money yields have been around 3.20%. We moved $1 billion of auto loans to held for sale in anticipation of an auto securitization during the second quarter as we managed loan concentrations. Average C&I loans increased 8% year-over-year, primarily rebuffing trade finance in support of our middle market and corporate banking customers. Asset finance related to our Equipment Finance business, auto dealership financing and corporate banking. While growth and performance in the commercial real estate sector has been solid, we are exercising caution in this space as certain segments and geographies dont align well with our risk and return parameters. Turning our attention to the funding side, average total deposits increased to 10% over the previous four quarters including an 8% increase in core deposits. We remain focused on remixing our deposit base, increasing low cost core deposits while reducing our dependence on higher cost CDs. Average noninterest bearing demand deposits increased 16% from the 2014 first quarter reflecting our focus on consumer checking and commercial relationship growth. Average short and long-term borrowings increased by $1.4 billion year-over-year which includes $1 billion of bank level debt issued during the 2015 first quarter. Average brokered deposits increased $800 million during the same timeframe. Both of these funding sources provide a cost efficient means for funding balance sheet growth including LCR related securities growth while maintaining focus on managing core deposit expense. Turning to slide 11, we see net interest margin barred against earning asset yield and interest bearing liability cost. The NIM compression continues due to the decreasing asset yields, strong loan growth more than offset the lower yields. Slide 12 shows the trends in our capital ratios. Capital ratios trended down during the quarter driven by continued strong balance sheet growth and the Macquarie acquisition and our active capital management strategies. We repurchased 4.9 million commons shares over the quarter completing the authorized buyback from our 2014 CCAR plan. One thing I want to highlight, starting this quarter we are showing our ratios on a Basel III basis including the standardized approach for calculating risk weighted assets. Slide 13 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit performance remained solid and in line with our expectations. Net charge-offs remained steady from last quarter at 20 basis points well below long-term expectations. Net charge-offs this quarter benefited from the sixth consecutive quarter of net recoveries within our commercial real estate portfolio as well as steady recoveries overall. The level of nonperforming loans did increase in the quarter with the increased level of inflows compared to prior quarters due largely to one C&I credit. The criticized asset ratio was fairly stable compared to the prior quarter as new problem inflows fell from the previous quarter's level. The allowance for credit losses eased modestly with the ACL ratio falling from the 1.40 last quarter to 1.38 this quarter. Slide 14 shows the trends of our nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates an uptick in the quarter to 0.84%. The chart on the right shows the NPA inflows which were largely from one C&I credit. The increase over what had been a more typical level of inflows exhibited over the past quarter was primarily due to one larger credit that migrated in the quarter. Our estimation of the potential loss exposure associated with this credit was recognized in the quarter and is reflected in the 20 basis points of charge-offs. Turning to slide 15, the loan loss provision was $20.6 million in the first quarter compared to $24.4 million of charge-offs. The ratio of allowance to nonaccrual loans fell to 181% due to the increased level of nonaccrual loans in the quarter. However, this level coverage remains very strong. We believe the allowance is appropriate and reflects the underlying credit quality of our loan portfolio. Let me now turn the presentation back over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Mac. Turning to slide 16, as I alluded to in my opening remarks, our fair play banking philosophy, coupled with optimal customer relationship or OCR, continues to drive new customer growth and improve product penetration. This slide illustrates the continued upward trend in consumer checking account households and over the last year consumer checking account households grew by 9%. The first quarter was up a little over 1% from the prior quarter. Our strategy is not just about market share gains, but also gains in share of wallet. We continue to focus on increasing the number of products and services we've provided customers knowing that this will translate into revenue growth. Our OCR cross-sell goal of six or more products and services crossed the 50% mark this quarter up 202 basis points from a year ago and that's on the entire book. Correspondingly our consumer checking account household revenue for the fourth quarter is up 9% year-over-year. As you can see on slide 17, commercial relationship growth has returned as we work through the impact of the changes we made in our business banking checking products that impacted approximately 10,000 of lower balance accounts. Commercial relationships increased 5% year-over-year our four or more products OCR cross-sell for commercial relationships improved to almost 43% this quarter up more than 3% from a year ago. Slide 18 shows our current year-to-date operating leverage results. As I noted during last quarter's earnings conference call, year-long positive operating leverage is the long-term strategic goal for Huntington and we remain committed to delivering on that goal for 2015. One thing I want to note in the 2014 first quarter we realized $17 million in securities gains as part of our efforts to reposition the portfolio in preparation for the upcoming Basel III LCR rule implementation. On a year-over-year basis, the absence of these gains in the 2015 first quarter obviously hurt us from a comparison standpoint, but regardless we're confident in our ability to achieve positive operating leverage in 2015. Now turning to slide 19, for some closing remarks and expectations. We remain optimistic about the ongoing economic improvement in our footprint as well as on the national level. And while our loan pipelines are strong, we continue to be selective in growing commercial real estate and C&I portfolios. We're committed to delivering strong results in a flat interest rate environment. Our current budget has been built around the current rate environment and our execution is not dependent on our rate increase. Well continue to reinvest cash flows of approximately $125 million to $150 million per month from the existing investment securities into LCR-compliant, high-quality liquid assets. The NIM pressure will remain a headwind until interest rates start moving up, but we expect to grow revenue despite this pressure.  We are maintaining our credit structure and pricing discipline. Were not chasing growth where returns are inadequate or without regard to risk. Excluding significant items, net MSR activity and acquisitions, were committed to positive operating leverage for the full year 2015 with revenue growth exceeding noninterest expense growth of 2% to 4%. Finally, we expect to see asset quality metrics near current levels. We expect net charge-offs will remain in or below our long-term expected range of 35 to 55 basis points. Modest changes are anticipated quarter-to-quarter given the absolute low level of our credit metrics. Longer-term we are managing the franchise to deliver consistent strong shareholder returns. We've built a strong consumer brand with differentiated products and superior customer service. Were executing our strategies and adjusting to our environment where necessary.  In addition, there is a high level of alignment between employees and shareholders and we're highly focused on our commitment to be good stewards of shareholders' capital.  So with that, Ill turn it back over to Mark.
Mark Muth: Thanks Steve. Operator, we will now take questions and we ask that out of courtesy of your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up question. And then if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers: I was hoping you could just spend a quick second expanding on just the sort of the nature of the One Credit slipped into non [indiscernible] that was commercial, but just any additional color that you could add? And then just sort of the follow up would be, but not kind of Steve you mentioned a couple times the more selective behavior on commercial and C&I growth, so just any additional color on the trends youre seeing whats causing there may be temper your growth there?
Dan Neumeyer: Sure, good morning Scott, this is Dan. So on the One Credit it was still steel related and so we brought it into NPA, we actually have recognized what we think is the potential of exposure, so that is included in the 20 basis points of charge-offs that we recognized this quarter, so we feel we have the risk in that credit behind us. With regard to the portfolio more broadly and what we are seeing, clearly the market has as we've been saying for several quarters has been very comparative and so we still have a good deal pipeline, but we are being more selective. Our bankers understand our risk appetite. They are self selecting in certain cases to not bring deals forward, but were looking at every deal very closely. We have our discipline in mind and so were sticking to those disciplines and still it is achieving some pretty good growth rates. But overall the market continues to be very competitive in both structuring and pricing and thats really across the portfolio.
Scott Siefers: Okay and then so, there is not one for example specific segment geography thats worse than the rest, it is just a more, perhaps a more conservative posture overall.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes and I would say not more conservative, I mean we are sticking to our discipline. We've had our risk appetite and the corresponding parameters in place for long time and we're operating within those. So as the market gets more aggressive, it's going to be, there are going to be more cases, where we are going to opt out.
Scott Siefers: Yes, okay, all right that makes sense. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Pancari with Evercore. Your line is open.
John Pancari: Im John Pancari of Evercore. Quick question on back to the loan growth commentary that you just gave, how should we think about the peak of loan growth given the likely moderation as you step away from some of these transactions, is it fair to assume that we see mid single digits or even low single digits given that as we move through '15.
Mac McCullough: Hi, John, its Mac. I would suggest that we will see some moderation in C&I and CRE going forward. Im not going to put a growth rate out there, but clearly this isnt a deal flow issue, this was just a risk appetiter discipline issue and were still looking at same number of deals, but were applying the same lens and the same filters to how we think about whether or we want to bring these deals into our book or not. So, as Steve mentioned, were comfortable. As it relates to our plan for 2015, we anticipated this environment and we are going to have positive operating leverage for 2015. So all these things factor into how we are going to perform and what we believe the expectations are for 2015.
John Pancari: Okay, great and then separately on the Auto, I was wanted to see if you could give us a little bit of color on the potential gain on sale margins that you are targeting on the pending auto securitization and do you still plan on pursuing two securitizations in 15? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: So we do think that gain on sale is probably going to be about 50% of this work level relative to the last deal that we did and it's in line with our expectations, it's in line with how we think about this from the budget or a forecast perspective. We are continuing to evaluate the need for a second securitization in 2015, weve seen some decline in growth in the indirect space and were evaluating whether we need to do that late in 2015 or early in 2016, so that is still under consideration.
John Pancari: Okay and then lastly just on the deposit service charges they were down 4% year-over-year, can you just I'm not sure if you gave any color on that, just assuming you'll give us some detail?
Mac McCullough: Yes, so we made a change in the third quarter of last year related to fair play strategy just giving customers more time to have their deposits account against their balance and that basically cost us about $6 million a quarter starting in the third quarter of 2014, so we havent quite swum through that yet, but that is the impact.
John Pancari: Okay, thanks. Appreciate for taking my questions.
Mac McCullough: Thanks John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mat OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Mathew OConnor: Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Mat.
Mathew OConnor: I was wondering if you could provide any of the financial impact from the equipment finance deal that you did. I would assume thats accretive to earnings since your financing it with cash, but any metrics or figures around that would be helpful?
Mac McCullough: Yes, Mat its Mac. So we havent given a lot of details around the transaction. I will say that it is a very high quality, very nice growth rates and very high return on capital business. We have said that the yields on these assets are going to be the highest yields on our balance sheet and it's just an extremely well run business by people that we know and have a lot of respect for. So the return on tangible common equity is at least double of what we report as a company, so extremely good fit with our existing business. We are going to be able to expand the product set into business banking, in the small business and in the healthcare vertical that Rick runs, so really nice complimentary business for us.
Mathew OConnor: And then are there any upfront costs in terms of the deal whether its retention or setting aside the loss reserves, anything that we should look for next quarter on that?
Mac McCullough: So we did recognize the $3.4 million in the quarter related to integration and deal process associated with Macquarie deal. We will see some additional expense the reminder of the year. It is not significantly material relative to the size of the transaction and really no reserve impact this quarter.
Mathew OConnor: Okay, alright so it is all in the run rate here.
Mac McCullough: It is.
Mathew OConnor: Okay, alright thats helpful. Thank you.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Mat.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JP Morgan. Your line is open.
Steven Alexopoulos: Hi, good morning guys.
Steve Steinour: Good morning Steven.
Steven Alexopoulos: Regarding the linked quarter decline in the professional services fees ex the Macquarie deal, could you help us think about is that a permanent step down just giving your experience and going through CCAR and how should we think about that ramping through the year?
Mac McCullough: Yes, I think it is a bit lumpy, as we think about some of the professional services we use for CCAR. I think that probably a pretty decent run rate as we think about going forward on average, but again there is going to be some volatility in that line.
Steven Alexopoulos: I mean, do you expect it to ramp the way it didnt the prior year, I think you were almost 16 million in the fourth quarter or should we be less than that would be?
Mac McCullough: It will be less than that. Remember, we had some expense associated with some strategy work that we did late last year that were not going to repeat in this year.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay and then I just wanted follow up on Johns question, can you just remind us, are you, do you typically include the gain on auto securitizations in your calculation for positive operating leverage? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: We do include those gains in the operating leverage calculation, so that obviously will be in the second quarter fee income line and historically we included those gains in that calculation.
Steven Alexopoulos: Okay, thanks for the color.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ken Zerbe: Hi, great thanks. A question on expenses, just want to make sure that we are actually using the right base number, because I saw that you reiterated your 2% to 4% growth and back at the one time, as I get 2014 expenses at $1.818 billion is that the right number that youre growing 2% to 4% on ? And kind of the followup also is just, I think you said you exclude the Macquarie expenses from that, but what are the Macquarie expenses that we should add to that number? Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes, so I think the way to think about the 2014 base is, you should take 2014 reported and exclude the cyclical items that we identified for the full year, so remember we had acquisition integration expense associated with Camco and the Bank of America branches.  And we also had some franchise repositioning expense in the third and fourth quarters last year, so I think that it's important to think about it from that perspective. We have not disclosed any expense or revenue around Macquarie. And we won't be doing that on this call, but obviously as we think about acquisitions going forward and what happens to us in 2015, but the 2% to 4% is based on 2014 excluding those acquisition items.
Ken Zerbe: Okay, so I guess if youre guiding to a number that we cannot replicate, meaning just with the Macquarie expenses we should basically start with the 2% to 4% and then add some more ambiguous number for other expenses, I mean is that the message that you are trying to convey with the guidance that is something more than the 2% to 4%?
Mac McCullough: It will be more than the 2% to 4% perhaps. I mean the 2% to 4% is the range that we're comfortable with in terms of growth for 2015 and we do need to add the Macquarie expenses on to it. Obviously we are getting revenue with Macquarie as well and Macquarie has positive operating leverage as we think about the business that we're bringing into - in the income. So it should be additive to that when you think about positive operating leverage in 2015, I think the message that were trying to convey is that even exclusive of an acquisition that could help us to achieve positive operating leverage. We are committed to positive operating leverage on the core, based upon the way we set the year up relative to the 2014 base.
Ken Zerbe: Got it and sorry, did you provide the revenue addition for Macquarie or is that and do we know that yet?
Mac McCullough: We didnt provide that no.
Ken Zerbe: Okay. Alright, thank you very much.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Bob Ramsey: Good morning guys. I know talking about Macquarie, you mentioned that the ROEs on our business are double with the standalone Huntington's ROEs are, just curious if thats also true on an ROE basis, if you kind take capitalization out of the equitation.
Mac McCullough: Its a great question. Im not quite sure Ive looked at it that way. Yes pretty robust on ROEs, but it is a very high ROE business. So I will say its got to be pretty close to that.
Bob Ramsey: Okay is it I mean is  do you allocate a materially different amount of capital to that than your overall business or I guess its in the same zip code?
Mac McCullough: Yes it's in the same zip code and the ROAs are definitely accretive to our ROAs, so its a very high return business and part of that has to do with the deal, the leases themselves and certainly its the credit quality.
Bob Ramsey: Okay and then thinking about that piece of it as well that the yield piece as you all put that $800 million of higher yielding loans on the balance sheet and $1 billion moves off of lower yielding auto loans that gets sold. How should we think about net interest margin in the second quarter?
Mac McCullough: Were going to continue to see some pressure on the margin if you take a look on a linked quarter basis were down 3 basis points and 2 basis points of that was really due to adding securities during the quarter. Where we think we need to be from an LCR perspective were at about 90% right now. And so the incremental add in the securities book for LCR is going to be minimal. I will tell you that were tracking the margin exactly as we expect it to see for 2015. So even though, were seeing the contraction it will continue until we see some increase in interest rates. This is all within our expectations as it relates to the positive operating leverage, revenue growth and performance for 2015.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, so even with the Macquarie higher yielding loans coming on the second quarter you would expect contraction in the second quarter or you just mean from a bigger higher level you have 2015 the direction is now and outside of the deal?
Mac McCullough: I would say yes to both.
Bob Ramsey: Okay, all right thank you.
Mac McCullough: Great contraction Macquarie, second quarter, yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with the Bank of America. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian: Hi good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Erika.
Mac McCullough: Good morning.
Erika Najarian: I just wanted to ask a follow-up question, Im sorry to ask another question on the guidance, but as Im thinking about the base for Steve, for 2014 and we think about revenue growth, it does include a $17 million in securities gains, but excludes that MSR activity?
Steve Steinour: That would be correct.
Erika Najarian: Got it and this is a follow-up question to what the bottom line of question. You mentioned Steve in your prepared remarks that youre going to invest the $125 million to $150 million per month in cash flows into HQLA and I think I thought that the incremental add beyond that is going to be minimum. Did I catch that right and if so that minimal add would be how much and what would it be funded by?
Steve Steinour: You did catch it right Erika. We added about $500 million in the first quarter. The monthly cash flow is going to give us between 125 and 150 that will substitute in as well. And net beyond that as Mac said was modest its around $250 million. So we had started the year and reference a number of up to $1 billion. It looks like its going to be at 750 now as we see the cash flows adjusting and 500 is already in. 
Erika Najarian: Got it and just as a follow-up to that would it be continue to fund by long-term debt and brokerage CDs and what would this split be?
Steve Steinour: Well the increment is not that large, so we got a variety of funding sources we certainly could do a debt issuance later this year, but not committed. We had very good core deposit growth through the first quarter and looking to obviously keep as much core funded growth in deposits as possible moving forward.
Erika Najarian: Got it, thats helpful. Thank you so much.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually Josh in for Ken. Thanks for taking our questions. Could you just speak to the potential for continued asset acquisitions. And the extent to which youre seeing new opportunities out there?
Steve Steinour: Josh, this is Steve, we have  we continue to look at different opportunities and as weve said over the years our preference would be to look at banks and non-banks in our footprint, but were prepared to look at opportunities that sort of are on the shoulders of our existing footprint. Theres a level of discussion thats in line with what we saw last year and so dont see a huge spike in activity at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thanks, thats all we have.
Steve Steinour: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura. Your line is open.
Bill Carcache: Thank you good morning. Can you talk about the attractiveness of auto securitization market pricing here versus funding directly from your balance sheet and perhaps if you could also remind us of the primary factors that are underlying your decision to retain versus sell?
Mac McCullough: Yes hi, its Mac. The primary factor driving us to consider securitization would just be concentration limits in our portfolio. Weve established these limits related to the amount of order that we run on our balance sheet and whats really driving this securitization in the second quarter is starting to bump up against the level that we just want to get back within I guess given us through to make further decisions later in the year. So its not really an economic decision. Obviously economics do play into it, but from a concentration perspective that would be the first filter we would take a look at and then from a liquidity perspective just taking a look at funding sources, and cost of funding and loan deposit ratio, those types of metrics would be a secondary consideration. And then I would put really economics as being the third consideration.
Bill Carcache: Okay and yes theres no retained interest the way that they are structured?
Mac McCullough: Well off balance sheet for treatment thats correct.
Bill Carcache: Right. Okay and Im sorry and then can you talk about still in terms of the relative attractiveness from a pricing perspective is there any kind of benefit versus funding directly from your balance sheet or is just overwhelmed by just a concentration limits that you described?
Mac McCullough: Yes, it really is been driven by the concentration issues.
Bill Carcache: Okay and then to the extent even where you would be willing to take perhaps whats a less attractive pricing, could you give a little bit of color on what the pricing looks like and thats my last question. Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Yes I mean, relative to keeping the loans on our balance sheet there certainly is an economic impact here its fairly a reasonable number in terms of the trade off that were making, but were giving up revenue by going to the securitization. So again its not the primary driver of why were doing this. We certainly take that into consideration, but we made a commitment and we've got limits around probably thinking about concentration on the balance sheet.
Bill Carcache: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: So our next question comes from the line of Andy [indiscernible] Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: All my questions have been answered. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Elliott: Oh hello there, just a question on the credit side in the fourth quarter you talked about a couple large basis related to natural resources and manufacturers papers related to natural resources and manufacturers of commercial vehicles this quarter, there is large case in the is real i on a large case in the steel industry, how do you think about when you still try are identify this as trend both of them just being a series of isolated large incidents?
Dan Neumeyer: Yes well, we this is Dan, we evaluate the inflow of new criticize loans every quarter and were looking at trends that might be developing in these larger cases they were kind idiosyncratic company specific, industry specific and one of the cases the natural resources credit we've actually already had a positive outcome on that deal. So, what we're trying to do is identify the credits very early in the process so that we have more options available to us for resolution and that has been to our advantage. We're finding that we bring these things in early, assess our options and so we've been able to move these problem loans through the system very quickly generally with good outcomes. So we are seeing, I think a fairly steady flow of problem credits. I think part of that is driven by the fact that the market has been quite aggressive going on several years now, but we're very comfortable with what we're seeing. We do not see trends developing but I obviously watch that very closely.
Geoffrey Elliott: And how do you think about the health of the corporate sector more broadly I guess, your footprint is your exposure to lots of manufactures and exporters and I guess other macro kind of is conflicting and some obviously enterprises, but strong dollar they had been for exporters and how your discussions with those corporate clients are impacted by that going?
Steve Steinour: Well, we have those conversations with all of our customers. We've looked at our portfolio and done assessment of those that have good portion of their volumes which are export related. We've also looked at those companies that have a large portion of their cost of goods that they are getting from overseas and there is positive and negative done on both sides of that. But in total we remain comfortable. We are obviously concentrated in the Midwest, so we have a big manufacturing concentration. But that's also what we know, and are very comfortable with and are close to the industries that we serve. So all-in-all I think on the whole we feel good about where our customer base is situated and many of them over the last few years have been working and bolstering their balance sheets and getting in good shape and so we're quite comfortable.
Geoffrey Elliott: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio with KBW. Your line is open.
Chris Mutascio: I dont know if this question is for Mac or for Dan it is on the same lines on the credit quality. If I understand the released actually the one large credit that one to NPA that's roughly $35 million or majority of the $35 million to $37 million year-over-year increase in NPAs. But on a sequential quarter basis, I think NPAs were up more like $65 million. I know it's all from a low base, but I wondered if I can get some more color on the residual, difference between that $35 million on a year-over-year basis and the $65 million versus other types of large credits within the sequential quarter increase and then just a one commercial credit you outlined or is it smaller once and if so, any specific industries?
Mac McCullough: Yes, so of the $65 million quarter-to-quarter increase this credit did represent the majority of that. We're not going to get specifics in terms of dollar amounts, but it did represent the majority of that increase and again we have recognized what we believe is the loss potential in that credit. We're always going to have a flow of additional deals, but there are no other large credits that drove that increase.
Chris Mutascio: Okay, thank you.
Dan Neumeyer: And no particular industry, so no emerging sort of industry risk.
Mac McCullough: Correct.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Chris.
Chris Mutascio: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Steve Steinour: So thank you, this is Steve. We're grateful for your attendance. We're obviously pleased with our performance in the first quarter. Results reflected the ongoing disciplined execution of our strategies and the strong competitive position that we enjoy today at Huntington. We've received ongoing recognition around superior customer service and that helps further separate our brand from our peers. We continue to gain market share and we're improving our share of wallet in both of our customer segments. We produced revenue growth in a challenging environment. We remain focused on pricing and underwriting discipline as you heard. We've also completed the acquisition of Macquarie Equipment Finance and look forward to integrating their business into our franchise. And finally, our Board and the management team, we're all long-term shareholders, so we remain focused on managing the risk, reducing volatility, while yet investing for top line growth and delivering positive operating leverage consistent with our expectations of long-term performance. So, thank you for your interest in Huntington. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Beekman - Director, Investor Relations Steve Steinour - Chairman, President and CEO Mac McCullough - Chief Financial Officer Dan Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill Mathew OConnor - Deutsche Bank Bob Ramsey - FBR Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Erika Najarian - Bank of America
Operator: Good morning. My name is Anastasia and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Thank you. Todd Beekman, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Anastasia and welcome. Im Todd Beekman the Managing Director of Strategy and Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides that we will be reviewing can be found on our website at huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about an hour after the close of the call. Slides two and three have several aspects, basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures. And in that regard, I direct you to comparable GAAP financial measures and a reconciliation to comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation, initial earnings-related material we released this morning and related 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to slide four, todays discussion, including the Q&A period, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, material filed with the SEC including our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. As noted on slide five, presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO and Mac McCullough, Chief Financial Officer. Dan Neumeyer, Chief Credit Officer will also participate in Q&A portion of the call. Lets get started by turning to slide six. Steve?
Steve Steinour: Thanks Todd. Id like to thank everyone on the call for joining us today. At Huntington, we enjoy a unique and advantaged position in the industry and we believe our future is bright. Were focused on executing our strategic plan and were very pleased with results we are achieving. For the past several years, weve invested in the company at a time when most of the industrys been pulling back. Weve expanded and optimized our distribution, both physical and digital. Weve invested in small business and commercial specialty lending verticals. Weve added new products such as our consumer and commercial credit cards and our new business in consumer checking accounts. And each represents just a handful of the investments weve made. Our 2014 earnings reflected results from these investments, yet significant opportunity remains as none of these investments are mature. We have a strong outlook for the future. Slides six and seven show some of the financial highlights of the full year and the fourth quarter. Mac will go through more of the detail shortly, but I wanted to highlight a few of these items that I believe distinguish Huntington and illustrate our strategic execution. Huntington had a solid year in 2014, reporting net income of $632 million or $0.72 per common share while absorbing $0.06 per share of significant items. Return on assets for the year was 1.01% and the return on common tangible equity was 11.8%. Underlying fundamental trends were somewhat obscured by a net $75 million of significant items over the two years specifically. In 2014, results were negatively impacted by a net $65 million of significant items, while 2013 results benefited from a net $10 million of significant items. So, these significant items were largely related to two acquisitions and other strategic decisions that we believe would better position franchise for improved efficiency and profitability going forward. There are additional details regarding significant items on slides 22 and 23. For the full year, we reported a $3.6 billion or 9% in average loans and leases. Revenues increased to $100 million or 4% in 2014. Importantly, we delivered positive operating leverage for the second year in a row, a commitment we have renewed for 2015 and in fact installed in our updated long term financial goals. We continue to post industry leading customer acquisition rates with 10% growth in consumer checking households and 3% growth in commercial relationships over the past year. Now, with respect to the commercial growth rate, like to remind you that early in 2014, we implemented some changes to our business banking products which caused approximately 10,000 lower balance accounts to be closed over the course of the year. So, the underlying core fundamentals were actually much stronger. We also continued to sell deeper across both our consumer and commercial relationships. So, almost half of our consumer relationships now have six or more products and services from Huntington while 42% of the commercial relationships have a cross-sell of 4% or higher. Fourth quarter net income of $164 million represented a 3% year-over-year increase while EPS of $0.19 was a penny higher than the year ago quarter. Return on assets for the fourth quarter 1% and return on tangible common equity was 11.9%. The 2014 fourth quarter included $20 million of significant items while the year ago quarter included $7 million of significant items. Total revenues for the fourth quarter increased $25 million or 4% from the year ago quarter, despite a $10 million headwind in mortgage banking income. A 10% increase in net interest income drove the overall revenue growth as a 13% increase in average earning assets more than offset continued pressure on the net interest margin. Our NIM decreased 10 basis points year-over-year but only 2 basis points from the third quarter. We remain focused on minimizing this net interest margin compression to disciplined pricing of loans in the face of increasing competition for quality loans in our markets and through continued improvement in our funding mix via our focus on core checking account, relationship growth and balance growth. While there is limited opportunity remaining in terms of the positive pricing levers, we still have significant opportunity remaining to increase non-interest bearing deposits and further improve our funding mix. The increase in our securities portfolio related to compliance with the Basel III liquidity coverage rules -- ratio rules has also negatively impacted our margin. And we expect additional further pressure as we continue to add approximately $1 billion incremental assets to the portfolio in 2015. We continue to enjoy improvements in our credit quality. We stated last quarter that we expect credit metrics will begin to stabilize given where we are in the credit cycle but this quarter exhibited particularly strong credit performance. Net charge-offs in the fourth quarter were 20 basis points, bringing net charge-offs for the full year to 27 basis points, both well below our long-term target of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. This quarters net charge-offs benefited from some large recoveries within our C&I book as well as net recoveries in our commercial real estate portfolio. I should add, for the fifth consecutive quarter. Capital rations remained strong. We continue to be good stewards of shareholder capital via disciplined balance sheet growth and capital return. At the end of the year, tangible common equity ratio was 8.17%, down 65 basis points from a year ago and 18 basis points from the last quarter. Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio was 10.23%, down 67 basis points year-over-year and 8 basis points sequentially. Despite these declines, tangible book value per share increased 6% year-over-year to $6.62 due to our share repurchase program. For the full year, we repurchased almost 36 million shares at an average cost of $9.37 per share. During 2014, we returned approximately 84% of earnings to common shareholders to the combination of dividend and buyback. Just to repeat, approximately 84% of earnings to common shareholders to the combination of dividend and buyback. During the fourth quarter, our cash dividend increased to 20% and we repurchased 3.6 million shares. We have approximately $52 million of remaining share repurchase capacity through the end of the 2015 first quarter and we intend to complete this authorization. Slide eight has a few additional highlights for the fourth quarter. First, as we continue optimize distribution to better reflect changes in customer behavior, we completed the consolidation of 26 branches at year end. We introduced our new Huntington 5 and Huntington 25 checking account products, as we continue to improve customer choice and value related to our industry leading checking account products. Once again Huntington was recognized for our superior customer service, this time honored as the highest ranking in customer satisfaction with small business banking in the Midwest region by J.D. Power. And finally, in December, we disclosed our new long-term through the cycle financial goals. You will not see what we consider material changes from our prior goals but rather refine them as we reexamine the franchise and banking environment. We have replaced our former ROA target with the goal of return on tangible common equity in order to bring focus on this measure of profitability while closely aligned with value creation for our shareholders. There is a slight increase in our efficiency ratio from the prior mid-50s level which is an acknowledgement of the higher inherent cost of todays banking industry from increased regulatory burdens. Last, you will see that a new goal is positive operating leverage annually. Were committed to and delivered positive operating leverage in each of the past two years; were committed to delivering positive operating leverage again in 2015. And this new goal formerly recognized as this is an integral for the company going forward. So, with that let me turn it over to Mac for a more detailed review of the numbers. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks Steve and good morning everyone. Slide nine is a summary of our quarterly trends and key performance metrics. Steve already touched on several of these, so lets move on to slide 10 and drill into the underlying details. Relative to last years fourth quarter, total revenue increased $25 million or 4% to $714 million. Spread revenue accounted for the entire increase as net interest income grew 10%. Driving net interest income growth was a $7 billion or 13% increase in average earning assets. Loans made up $4 billion of the increase with the remainder of the growth in the securities portfolio including $1.3 billion of direct purchase municipal instruments originated by our commercial lending teams. The net interest margin declined 10 basis points year-over-year to 3.18% in the fourth quarter of 2014. This decrease reflected a 17 basis-point contraction in earning asset yields including 4 basis points related to the increase in the size of the securities portfolio as we prepare for the upcoming Basel III liquidity coverage ratio requirement and a 3 basis-point decline in the benefit from the non-interest bearing funds. These reductions were partially offset by 10 basis points of improvement in funding costs. On a linked quarter basis, the net interest margin compressed 2 basis points exclusively related to declining earning asset yields. Fourth quarter fee income of $233 million which represented a $17 million or 7% decline from the year ago quarter. Lower mortgage banking income accounted for $10 million of the decline while the remainder of the decrease primarily related to lower fees associated with commercial customer activity in the other income line. Negative impacts to fee income during the fourth quarter included $6 million of net MSR hedging related activity and a full quarters impact of Julys changes to our consumer deposit accounts which were previously estimated as $5 million per quarter. On a positive note, we continue to see the benefits of consumer and commercial customer growth with both electronic banking and capital markets revenue increasing more than 10% year-over-year. Reported non-interest expense in the fourth quarter was $483 million, an increase of $37 million or 8% from a year ago quarter. The current quarter included two significant items impacting non-interest expense. You might want to refer to table two in the press release or page 22 of the presentation as I walk through these items. First, we incurred $9 million of franchise repositioning expense related to the consolidation of 26 branches at year-end and other organizational actions announced last year; second, we had a $12 million addition to the litigation reserve. After adjusting for significant items, non-interest expense increased $24 million or 5% from a year ago quarter. Of this increase, $4 million related to the incremental impacts from the Camco acquisition and the Bank of America branch transaction. Other contributing factors included an increase in healthcare cost, higher professional service expense and higher equipment expense related to technology investments. Table eight and nine in the press release provide more detail related to non-interest expense. Compared to the third quarter and also adjusting for significant items in both quarters, adjusted expenses increased $5 million. The primary drivers of the linked quarter increase were higher healthcare cost and professional services expense. Slide 11 displays the trends in our earning asset mix, net interest income and net interest margin. As I mentioned earlier, average loans increased $4 billion or 9% year-over-year. The indirect auto and commercial and industrial or C&I accounted for more than $3 billion of this loan growth, although we experienced growth in every portfolio. The indirect auto loan portfolio increased $2 or 31% from a year ago quarter as originations remain strong and we continue to portfolio all of our production. As shown on slide 54 in the appendix, we continue to focus on the super prime space and have not sacrificed credit quality to drive volume. In addition, we continue to drive improvements in pricing. On last quarters earnings call, we announced that we achieved price increases late in the quarter. Earlier this month we raised pricing again. As a result, new money yields averaged 3.08% during the fourth quarter and more recently, new money yields have been in the 3.10%. We continue to expect two auto loan securitizations during 2015 as we manage loan concentrations. Average C&I loans increased more than $1 billion or 7% year-over-year, primarily reflecting trade finance in support of our middle market and corporate banking customers. The chart on the left side shows the net interest margin trend which we previously discussed. Turning to slide 12, the right side of this slide shows quarterly trends in our deposit mix and average cost of deposits, while the left side illustrates the maturity schedule of our CD book. Average core deposits in the 2014 fourth quarter increased $2.9 billion or 6% year-over-year. This increase benefited from $1.1 billion of core deposits acquired in the Camco acquisition and the Bank of America branch transaction. We remain focused on remixing our deposit base by increasing low cost core deposits while reducing our dependence on higher cost CDs. Average non-interest bearing demand deposits increased $1.8 billion or 14% as compared to the 2013 fourth quarter, while average money market deposits increased $1.6 billion or 9%. Growth in these categories more than offset the intentional $0.9 billion or 22% decline in average core certificates of deposit. As show in the chart on the left side of the slide, the opportunity to reduce CD cost has diminished but remained focused on the opportunity to drive further improvement in the mix. There are two pieces of funding mix dynamic that you do not see on the slide. First, average short and long-term borrowings increased $2.9 billion or 78% year-over-year which includes $1.25 billion of bank debt issued during 2014. Second, average broker deposits increased $1 billion or 74% from the 2013 fourth quarter. Both of these funding sources provide a cost efficient means for funding balance sheet growth including LCR related securities growth while maintaining an intense focus on managing our core deposit expense. Slide 13 shows the trends in our capital ratios. We remain well capitalized with reductions in our capital ratios throughout 2014 being driven by robust balance sheet growth as well as our active capital management strategies. We repurchased $334 million of our common stock over the course of the year including $35 million during the fourth quarter. At year-end, we had approximately $53 million of capacity remaining under our share repurchase authorization which we intend to complete in the first quarter of 2015. Slide 14 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit performance remains quite strong and in line with our expectations. Net charge-offs decreased to 20 26 basis points in the fourth quarter, an improvement over both the prior and year ago quarters and well below our long-term expectation of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. Net charge-offs this quarter benefited from the fifth consecutive quarter of net recoveries within our commercial real estate portfolio as well as a couple large recoveries within the C&I book. Non-performing assets and non-performing loans also posted continued improvement. The allowance for credit losses eased modestly consistent with the improvements in the overall portfolio. Criticized assets represented one of the few credit metrics that increased sequentially with about half of the increase due to two large unrelated credits that moved into special mention this quarter. Slide 15 shows the trends in our non-performing assets. The charts on the left demonstrate continued improvement, albeit at a reduced rate. The charts on the right show the NPA inflows which also improved modestly from the prior quarter. Turning to slide 16, the loan loss provision decreased to $2.4 million in the fourth quarter, reflecting primarily continued improvement within the commercial real estate portfolio. The allowance-to-loan ratio decreased to 1.40%, down 7 basis points sequentially and 25 basis points year-over-year. The ratio of allowance to non-accrual loans improved to 222% up slightly from the prior quarter and roughly in line with the year ago. We believe the allowance is appropriate and reflects the continued improvement in the underlying credit quality of our loan portfolio. Let me now turn the presentation back over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Mac. Turning to slide 17, as I alluded to in my opening remarks, our fair play banking philosophy, coupled with our optimal customer relationship or OCR continues to drive new customer growth and improved product penetration. This slide illustrates the continued upward trend in consumer checking account households. And over the last year, consumer checking account households grew by 129,000 households or 10%. And the fourth quarter was relatively unchanged from the prior quarter due to seasonality, costumer activity and a reduction of our marketing programs made earlier in the year. If we exclude the impact of the Camco and Bank of America branch acquisitions, organic growth in consumer checking households was a healthy 6% for the year. Our strategy is not just about market share gains but also gains in share of wallet. We continue to focus on increasing the number of products and services we provide to the customers knowing that this will translate into revenue growth. Our OCR cross-sell goal of six or more products and services improved to almost 50% in our consumer account households this quarter, up more than 174 basis points from a year ago. Correspondingly, our consumer checking account household revenue for the fourth quarter is up 12% year-over-year. You can see on slide 18, commercial relationship growth has returned as weve worked through the impact to the changes made in our business banking checking products that impacted a number of lower balance accounts. Commercial relationships increased 3% year-over-year. Excluding the impacts of the Camco and Bank of America branch acquisitions, organic growth in commercial relationships was 2% for the year. Our former product OCR cross-sell for commercial relationships improved almost 42% this quarter, up more than 4% from a year ago. Commercial relationship revenue for the fourth quarter grew 12% year-over-year. Slide 19 shows that we once again delivered on our commitment for positive operating leverage for the full year 2014. Were recommitted to delivering positive operating leverage for the full year 2015. And as I noted earlier, positive operating leverage is now long-term goal for the company. Turning to slide 20 for some closing remarks and expectations. As we enter 2015, were bullish on the economy and our footprint, particularly for consumers with home prices rebounding, at least a near term opportunity for additional mortgage refinancing and the benefit as the dramatic recent decline in energy cost just starting to be appreciated. State governments in our footprint are all operating with surpluses and most municipalities are on solid footing. Automobile sales were very strong last year and appear poised for another great if not even better year 2015. Our loan pipelines are stable; they are consistent with fourth quarter. And we remain optimistic regarding the outlook for continued growth. Well continue to reinvest cash flows of approximately $100 million to $125 million per month from existing investment securities into LCR-compliant, high-quality liquid assets. In addition, we expect to add another $1 billion of additional level one HQLA as we prepare for LCR. Our portion of portion of the commercial teams production also will continue to be placed in the securities book. We expect NIM pressure will remain a headwind until interest rates start moving back up but we expect to grow revenue despite this pressure. We are maintaining our pricing discipline. We continue to monitor the securitization market and will look to use it as a tool to manage our overall concentration of indirect auto loans. We expect to do two securitizations in 2015. We will continue to invest in the franchise with expected expense growth of 2% to 4% for the full year. Excluding significant items if any and net MSR activity, were committed to positive operating leverage on an annual basis which means revenue growth exceeding expense growth. We will grow revenues in 15, both fee and net interest income. We will not change our underwriting standards. We are long-term shareholders in management and at the board level. Im pleased to report weve got good momentum in many of our business lines. And in my opinion this is the best entry position for a new year weve had in my tenure here over the last six years. Finally, we continue to expect to see stabilization in credit trends. We expect net charge-offs will remain at or below our long-term expected range of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. Provision was below our long-term expectations during this past quarter. Both are expected to continue to experience modest changes, given their absolute low levels. Longer term, were managing the franchise to deliver consistent, strong shareholder returns. Weve built a strong consumer brand with differentiated products and superior customer service. And were executing our strategies and adjusting to operating environments whenever necessary. And there is a high level of alignment between employees and shareholders. We are both cognizant of and highly focused on our commitment to being the stewards of shareholders capital. So, with that, let me turn it back to Todd.
Todd Beekman: Operator, well now take questions and ask for the courtesy of your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And if that person has additional questions, we ask to add themselves back to the queue. Thank you. Anastasia?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill. Your line is open.
Todd Beekman: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill: Good morning, guys. Actually Mac, maybe first one is for you. You talked about possibility of margin pressure and gave kind of the puts and takes. So, I wonder if you can spend -- expecting just talking about order of magnitude of margin pressure. I mean the funding remix thats an opportunity but the LCR, still bit of a headwind. Youve been doing maybe 1 or 2 basis points of core compression a quarter for a while. Is that still something seems fair going forward?
Mac McCullough: Well, thanks Scott, thanks for the question. I think the way to think about it, we continue to see compression in certain loan portfolios as we see the re-pricing take place. Certainly there are some portfolios where weve already crossed that line but were not seeing significant or any re-pricing. We will see some pressure as we add securities for LCR. Well about 1 billion incremental along with kind of having to repurchase about 100 million to 130 million a month from maturities. So, those things will add the margin pressure as well. Certainly there is not much room on the deposit side going forward. We do continue to grow demand deposits very nicely. And that is certainly going to help as we remix the deposits but continued pressure on the margin that will be outpaced by earning asset growth in 2015.
Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill: Okay. Thank you. And maybe just separate question. So, I think we have a good sense for how you think on auto pricing, given your comments, Mac. But maybe Mac or Steve, just given the amount of attention that auto lending gets these days, if you could spend maybe another second, talking about sort of growth and credit prospects as you see from your position.
Steve Steinour: We have been very consistent with our auto lending we show to you every quarter. If you look back over the last five years, our FICO bands are credibly tight [ph] our loan to values, new use moves a little bit depending on the year and new production by the auto manufacturers. But were very bullish on auto. We think were going to come off a very good year and have an even better one. Certainly there is consumer benefit coming by a refinance potential that exists today compounded with the lower price of the pump for gas, should help drive auto to even -- to no worse than last year. Were optimistic its going to be a better year on the whole. And our discipline will remain in place and we expect our performance to continue at or better than prior periods.
Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill: All right. Thats perfect. Thank you very much, guys.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, this is actually Josh [ph] covering for Ken. Can you speak to what you saw in mortgage banking this quarter? We saw from other banks that this held up a little stronger and you guys saw a little more weakness.
Mac McCullough: What we saw on a year-over-year basis, we did have an MSR gain in the fourth quarter of 2013, we had MSR increase in the fourth quarter of 2014. So, I think that certainly impacted us quite a bit. Other than that, I think our production stats were in line with what we saw in the industry. And we certainly are seeing a pickup as we see whats happening today in the market. So, we do expect a better improvement in this line in 2015.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just more generally, can you speak to the revenue drivers for fee income in 15 where you are expecting to see the most growth or less growth?
Mac McCullough: We certainly have seen a few areas in the fee income area that are showing strength due to our growth in households and also businesses as Steve mentioned earlier. We see capital markets increasing; we see the ATM and debit card fees increasing significantly both double-digit growth in the quarter. We do expect to see a better growth in non-interest income in 2015 relative to what we saw in 2014 as we probably bottomed out in mortgage. And again, as we discussed earlier, we are going to see good earning asset growth that will certainly offset any progression we see in 2015.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thanks for the time guys.
Todd Beekman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mathew OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Mathew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Good morning.
Todd Beekman: Good morning, Matt.
Mathew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: I was wondering if you could elaborate on the two credits that drove the increase in criticized assets. I guess first what industries were they in?
Dan Neumeyer: Hey Matt, this is Dan. Yes, one was in metals, the supplier to the auto industry and the other was in natural resources, both legacy credits, both we feel very positive about their ultimate disposition. But were trying to call these things early and make sure that we leave all of our options open for resolution. So, that comprise the majority of what would be considered more than normal inflow. And then we also have throughout the fourth quarter taken a very deep dive into all portfolios as we attempt to stay in front of any development front and still again calling the credits early and giving ourselves every opportunity for rehabilitation.
Mathew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: And I know there are some moving pieces because most of the credit metrics were quite good in terms of charge-offs, non-performers. But as you think about the higher criticized assets and then the loan loss reserve release this quarter, I guess Im surprised how much reserve release there was given the increase in criticized assets.
Mac McCullough: Yes. So, there is a lot of components as to how we look at making sure we have an adequate and appropriate ACL. And most of the metrics as you know were very strong. So, we had a really low level of charge-offs, NPAs coming down and improving economy. And so, when you factor all those in and if we see a trend developing, well modify. But we dont believe weve seen a trend here. We think this is one quarter phenomenon and the increase in criticized. So, we feel very good about the level of ACL today. And again, we continue to have improvements in the C&I portfolio, continued recoveries in CRE which drove a lot of the reduction. So, on the whole we think were right where we need to be.
Mathew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: And as we think about the reserve levels going forward, we think of them being closer to charge-offs or you start building a little bit or?
Mac McCullough: Well clearly, we dont expect -- were at our -- lower than where we expect to be on charge-offs, so I certainly dont see things getting better on that front from here. So, I think you can make you own assessment of that.
Mathew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey with FBR. Your line is open
Todd Beekman: Hey Bob.
Bob Ramsey - FBR: Hey, good morning guys. I was hoping you could just touch on the sort of some of the through the cycle long-term goals. You talked about specifically your new return on tangible common equity goal and the efficiency number. Are those numbers that you hope to be able to touch at some point in 2015 or are these numbers that you really need higher rates or some other catalysts or bring you into that zone?
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks Bob, its Mac. So, you certainly touched on one variable that is going to impact how soon we achieve the bottom end of some of these ranges and that is the rate environment. But clearly were doing other things to make sure that we move in that direction. Weve talked about positive operating leverage; weve talked about making sure that we manage our expense base as it relates to the revenue opportunity that we have in any one year. And that certainly is going to continue to move us towards the efficiency ratio target. As it relates to tangible common equity, we are continuing to make the right investments in the businesses that we think have the best returns going forward. We are looking through opportunities to optimize the existing balance sheet and in some cases making sure that we are being efficient in how were using our balance sheet and certainly investing in higher return on equity businesses. So, this is going to be -- its not going to happen overnight but certainly the things that we do every day, they head in the right direction are going to help us get there. And I would expect late 2015, 2016, well start to see the achievement of some of these ratios.
Bob Ramsey - FBR: And will you see them in late 2015 or 2016 even if rates dont move up as sort of as expected or do you really need that rate move? I know it is helpful but is it absolutely necessary I guess?
Mac McCullough: Yes. What Ill commit to is were going to continue to make progress in the right direction and that rates will certainly help us get there but there are a lot of other things that were doing that are going to help us achieve those ratios.
Bob Ramsey - FBR: Okay. And then I guess similarly as youll talk about your revenue growth expectations and any outlook for this year, does it move materially if there is -- if you do get a 50 basis-point move in rates in the back half of 2015, does it materially move the revenue numbers for 2015 or is it more of an impact the year after?
Mac McCullough: Well clearly, it would be a larger impact for the year after, given any rate change later in the year really going to partial your benefit. Clearly, well get some pickup as rates increase. And certainly midyear or later seems to be what would be the best we can hope for. But the bigger impact would come in 2016.
Bob Ramsey - FBR: Okay, all right. Thank you guys.
Todd Beekman: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Hey, thanks. Good morning guys.
Todd Beekman: Good morning, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Just clarification, maybe for Dan or Mac on the provision. Are you saying you expect the provision to come back in line with charge-offs against during 2015?
Dan Neumeyer: Actually we didnt say that. We are at a low point in terms of charge-offs. So, provision was lower this quarter than we have seen. Much of its going to depend on loan growth and the state of the economy. But I would say its probably likely the provision is not going to remain at this level or lower on a go forward basis.
Mac McCullough: Yes. Jon, its Mac. Obviously the provision is the outcome of how we think about we need from an appropriate reserve perspective and we just have a lot of very positive actions in the fourth quarter that in this provision number. I think the inflow of classified that we saw thats criticized that is obviously incorporated into the fourth quarter number. And we do feel comfortable with credit quality where its out there. So, clearly were at a low level relative to what we expect longer term. There could be some volatility as we move forward because we are at such a low level but I think a lot of things came together in the right direction this quarter to make that happen.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, good. Just another clarification point on the operating leverage number. Are you assuming $1.8 billion expense base in terms of expense growth before we go to the expense number?
Mac McCullough: Thats correct.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. And then just one more if I can Steve, you talked a little bit about energy prices. You do have some Marcellus and Utica overlap; on the other hand you have a big consumer base. How do you think about the puts and takes of low energy prices?
Steve Steinour: I think its tremendous for our region, both at the consumer but Id also say at a commercial level our businesses whether they are manufacturers, distributor services, they are going to benefit from lower energy costs, price of the pump whatever. Our energy exposure is very modest; its part of strategy purposeful selection and a particularly slice in that market and if you will a go slow approach to make sure we are fully absorbing what we were -- and understanding what as we thought a little portfolio.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Todd Beekman: Thanks Jon.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research: Hi. Its Geoff Elliot from Autonomous. On the natural resources, you mentioned that one of the new criticized loans was in that sector. So, could you just give us a bit more of detail on what the total exposure to that sector looks like and kind of how it breaks down between oil and gas, mining other kind of components of natural resources?
Mac McCullough: Okay. Lets say thats a pretty broad category. When we talk about what we have; natural resources is the broadest of categories. Our E&P book which is how has been our energy vertical that has about 500 million of commitment and about 300 million or so in outstanding. And that is largely reserve base, syndicated deals that have broad geographic diversity. The entire energy category can define at a number of different ways but I think in terms of the oil and gas has primarily reserve based lending and
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research: About oil versus gas and
Mac McCullough: Sure. And our energy book is weighted towards natural gas. We do have about half dozen of ores that are oil heavy but the majority of the book is weighted towards natural gas. And again, reserve base, for the most part we do have a few midstream names in there as well. And I should emphasize that in that portfolio none of that was in the -- moved to criticized.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research: Okay. So, in [indiscernible] natural resources?
Mac McCullough: Correct.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research: Great, thank you very much.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Geoff.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Todd Beekman: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Hi, everybody. I just had one follow-up question; I just wanted to make sure that I got the message clearly. And I think you are giving us so much detail for 15. The message that Im getting is regardless of the rate backdrop in the short end or long end, Huntington will grow revenues in 15 and post positive operating leverage.
Mac McCullough: Right Erika, its Mac. So, we are going to manage the expense base based on a revenue environment to achieve positive operating leverage. So, we do continue to see good earning asset growth which we believe will overcome any NIM pressure that we have in 2015. And we are going to see better growth in fee income in 2015 as well. So, yes, I think the positive operating leverage comment is a strong comment that we are committed to.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Got it. Thank you.
Todd Beekman: Thanks Erika.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I turn the call back over to the presenters.
Steve Steinour: So, in summary, were pleased with our performance for the full year 2014 and especially the fourth quarter. Results reflected the disciplined execution of our strategies and the strong competitive position of Huntington and our brand highlighted by superior customer service which is separating us from our peers. We continue to gain market share and improved share of wallet. Weve produced 4% annual revenue growth and positive operating leverage in a challenging. We also took demonstrable steps to improve efficiency and optimize the franchise. And finally, our board and this management team, we are all long-term shareholders; we remain focused on actively managing risk, reducing volatility while investing for top line growth achieving positive operating leverage. Were here to drive long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Beekman - Managing Director of Strategy and IR Steve Steinour - Chairman, President and CEO Mac McCullough - Chief Financial Officer Dan Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill & Partners Bob Ramsey - FBR Erika Najarian - Bank of America Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan Ken Usdin - Jefferies Dan Delmoro - Deutsche Bank Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research Chris Mutascio - KBW
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Sally and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Todd Beekman, you may begin your conference.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Sally, and welcome. Im Todd Beekman, the Managing Director of Strategy and Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of our slides that we will be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available for rebroadcast starting about an hour after the call. Slide two and three note several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures. And in that regard, I would direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation to those comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation, the initial earnings-related material we released this morning and related 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to slide four, todays discussion, including the Q&A, will contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to change, risk and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, the material filed with the SEC including our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now turning to todays presentation. As note on slide five, presenters today will be Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Mac McCullough, our Chief Financial Officer; Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer will also be participating in the Q&A portion of the call. Lets get started. Steve?
Steve Steinour:  Thank you for joining us today. Huntington had a solid third quarter with the underlying results showing continued disciplined execution. Investments weve made over the last several years are paying off. This is demonstrated by top-line revenue growth, continued balance sheet growth and what we view as industry leading customer growth. This quarter, you also saw us take steps to optimize not only our organization, but the digital distribution. For the quarter, we reported net income of $155 million, a 13% decrease from the year-ago quarter and EPS of $0.18 per common share. This represented a 0.97 return on assets and a nearly 10% return on equity. Its worth noting that this quarters results included two significant items that totaled $22.8 million of non-interest expense. Mac and I will provide more comments in a few minutes, but there are additional details on slides 22 and 23. Revenue increased 5% from the prior year. Net interest income increased $42 million or 10% year over year, while non-interest income decreased modestly. Net interest income year-over-year benefited from two items. Our investments in our auto and commercial segments drove a $4.1 billion, or 10% increase in loans and we added nearly $2.7 billion of incremental securities as we prepared for the upcoming Basel III Liquidity Coverage Ratio or LCR rules. The benefit of the larger balance sheet was partially offset by 14 basis-point decrease in net interest margin driven by tighter loan spreads and inability to materially re-price deposits lower and a larger securities portfolio, again as we prepared for the upcoming Basel III LCR rules. Third quarter non-interest expense increased $57 million over the same period in the prior year. Ill discuss the details of this quarters actions in a few slides. And again there are additional details on slide 22, but $40 million of the increase relates to $23 million of significant items in this quarter and $70 million of significant items that were a net benefit in the year ago quarter. Compared to second quarter 2014, our adjusted expenses were stable at around $457 million. We continue to achieve positive operating leverage year-to-date and remain committed to positive operating leverage for the full year. I will cover OCR in more detail later in the presentation, but we continue to gain market share and share of wallet. While there remains more than we can due to increase product penetration, we believe our robust customer growth and OCR sales process are driving long-term shareholder value. Turning to slide seven, over the last year, our credit quality has improved. Net charge-offs in the quarter were 26 basis points, well below our long-term target of 35 basis points to 55 basis points. While we continue to deploy capital to grow the balance sheet and distribute significant earnings to shareholders, our capital ratios remain strong. At the end of the third quarter our tangible common equity ratio was 8.35%, down 66 basis points from a year ago and 3 basis points from the last quarter. Our Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio was 10.31%, down 54 basis points from a year ago and 5 basis points from the prior quarter. Both of these reductions reflect the combination of our discipline, balance sheet growth and strong capital management through increased dividends and buybacks over the last year. We have repurchased over 32 million shares in the last year and this quarter, we repurchased 5.4 million common shares at an average cost of $9.70 per share. We have approximately 86 million of remaining share repurchase capacity through the end of the 2015 first quarter. Slide eight has a few additional first-quarter highlights. First, we completed the acquisition and integration of 24 branches in Michigan; second, we continue to optimize our distribution network to better serve our customer needs today while investing to stay ahead of trends for tomorrow. By the end of the year, we will be consolidating 26 branches including consolidating a few traditional branches into in-store branches. Throughout 2015 we will nearly complete our previously announced in-store build out with approximately 50 new branches again in 2015. During this quarter we completed two significant technology investments; the installation of a new teller platform across the entire franchise and the completion of the year and half long effort to image-enable our ATM network. These investments are critical as we look to not only improve the customer experience, but also drive efficiencies in our processes. Deposits to the branches and ATMs are now digitally imaged and processed. For example, weve already seen 25% of our deposit shift from the teller line to our new ATMs. And another 5% have migrated to the mobile channel with the introduction of our Mobile Photo Deposit capture launched earlier this year. Next Im proud to report that this measure by number of loans, Huntington is the number one SBA lender in the country. And we achieved this distinction despite only making SBA loans in our footprint through our remarkable colleagues who made a small business lending core competency for Huntington, as well as the efforts of our continuous improvement team, who have improved the overall experience for our customers and our colleagues. Finally, consistent with our capital plan and given our continued strength in earnings and capital, our Board recently approved a 20% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.06 a share payable to shareholders of record December 19th. And with that let me turn it over to Mac for a more detailed review of the numbers. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Steve and good morning, everyone. Slide 9 is a summary of our quarterly trends and key performance metrics. Steve already touched on several of these, so lets move on to slide 10 and drill into the details. Relative to last years third quarter, revenue increased $36 million or 5% to $714 million. Spread revenues accounted for the entire increase as net interest income increased 10%. Driving net interest income growth was a $7 billion or 15% increase in earning assets. Loans made up more than $4 billion of the increase with the remainder of the growth in the securities portfolio including $1.2 billion of direct purchase municipal instruments originated by our commercial lending teams. The remainder of the growth in the securities book was driven by our preparation for the upcoming Basel III liquidity coverage ratio requirements. The net interest margin compressed 14 basis points year-over-year to 3.20%. Earning asset yields compressed 20 basis points year-over-year, including 4 basis points of compression due to the larger investment securities portfolio. Funding costs improved by 9 basis points. The net interest margin compressed 8 basis points linked quarter, but let me remind you that last quarters NIM had a 4 basis point benefit due to an interest recovery on an acquired commercial real estate loan. Third quarter fee income was $247 million, which represented a $6 million decline or 3% from the year ago quarter. Several small items drove the decline as customer activity in the quarter was slightly below the same quarter of last year and the second quarter of 2014. As Steve mentioned earlier, there are two expense-related significant items impacting the quarter. You may want to refer to table two in the press release or page 22 of the presentation as I walk through these items. First, as we disclosed in our second quarter 10-Q as a subsequent event on July 30th of this year, Huntington commenced organizational actions to reduce non-interest expense and improved productivity. These actions, consistent of a reduction in force and the decommissioning of certain real estate assets, these actions are substantially complete. We are also announcing today that we are closing 26 branches by the end of 2014 as we continue to optimize our distribution network to better accommodate the changing preferences and behaviors of our customers. We incurred $19.3 million in the quarter for these significant items. Second, on September 16th of this year, we announced the acquisition of 24 branches in Michigan from Bank of America. As Steve mentioned earlier, the deal is closed and the branches are fully integrated. Net of a small benefit from the Camco acquisition that closed earlier this year, we incurred $3.5 million in the quarter for these acquisition-related significant items. Reported non-interest expense in the third quarter was $480 million, an increase of $57 million or 13% from a year ago quarter. However, after adjusting for the significant items I just walked you through, expense increased $70 million or 4%. Compared to the second quarter and also adjusting for significant items, adjusted expenses were down $1 million. Looking forward to 2015, we expect non-interest expense to grow modestly somewhere in the range of 2% to 4% higher than 2014 after adjusting for significant items as we continue to make investments in the franchise, as evidenced by the acceleration of our previously announced in-store initiative that Steve mentioned earlier. But importantly, we are once again committing to delivering positive operating leverage for full year 2015. While we are still finalizing our 2015 budget, it is worth noting that this commitment to positive operating leverage in 2015 is based on a scenario where the Fed does not raise rates in 2015. Slide 11 displays the trends in our earning asset mix, net interest income and net interest margin. As I mentioned earlier, average loans increased $4.1 billion or 10% year-over-year. Commercial and auto remained the primary drivers of loan growth, although we experienced growth in every portfolio. Average commercial and industrial loans grew 9% year-over-year. More than half of the increase occurred in our specialty lending verticals, all of which continue to mature and gain traction. Business banking and our auto dealer floor plan lending were other key contributors to growth. The auto loan portfolio grew $1.9 billion or 32% from the year ago quarter as originations remain strong and we continue to portfolio all of our production. As you can see on the auto loan slide in the presentation appendix, we did not sacrifice credit quality to drive this volume. And it is worth noting that after a multi-year decline in net new yields, we pushed pricing increases through during the quarter with new money yields back over 3%. With respect to our auto finance business, I want to remind you that the summer months are seasonally strong. On the other hand, the auto floor plan lending side of the business is weak in the fall as dealers liquidate the prior years models to make room for the new model year. Overall, utilization rate declined slightly and our auto floor plan loan utilization rates continue to run a couple percentage points lower than we would normally expect, as a result of very strong auto sales for the last two quarters. The chart on the right side of slide 11 shows the net interest margin trend which we have previously discussed. Turning to slide 12; the right side of this slide shows our deposit mix, while the left side illustrates maturity schedule of our CD book. Average core deposits increased $2.3 billion or 5% year-over-year. While not a meaningful impact to this average growth, the September acquisition of the 24 Bank of America branches in Michigan increased end of period deposits by approximately $700 million. For the last several years, we have focused on increasing low cost core deposits while reducing our dependence on a higher cost CDs. Average demand deposits increased $1.2 billion, or 6% year-over-year, while average money market deposits increased to $2.2 billion or 14%. Growth in these categories more than offset the intentional $1 billion or 24% decrease in average core certificates of deposit. There continues to be an opportunity to drive an improvement in the mix, but as you can see over the next four quarters, we have approximately $2.3 billion of CDs maturing with a weighted average rate of 51 basis points. Another important piece of the funding mix dynamic that you do not see on this slide is the $4.1 billion year-over-year increase in short and long-term borrowings, $2.5 billion of which was bank and holding company debt issued over the past year. We didnt issue any long-term debt this quarter but as we continue to focus on remixing our deposit base and managing our overall cost of funds, we expect to be active in the debt markets. Slide 13 shows the trends in capital. We remain well capitalized with all of our regulatory capital ratios showing improvement from the second quarter of 2014. We remain an active purchaser of our stock and at the end of the quarter had approximately 86 million of remaining share repurchase capacity through the end of the first quarter of 2015 under our 250 million repurchase authorization. Slide 14 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit performance remains solid and in line with our expectations. Net charge-offs fell noticeably from the year ago quarter to 26 basis points, as both consumer and commercial charge-offs experienced a meaningful decline. In particular, home equity and commercial real estate experienced the largest declines. Loans past due greater than 90 days remained very well controlled at 30 basis points. Nonaccruals were down slightly in the quarter, while the criticized asset ratio continues to show modest improvement. Slide 15 shows the trends in our non-performing assets. The chart on the left demonstrates continued improvement, albeit at a reduced rate. The chart on the right shows the non-performing asset inflows which were also fairly stable with the prior quarter. Reviewing slide 16, the loan loss provision of $24.5 million was up from a year-ago quarter due to the implementation of enhancements to our reserve calculation for our commercial portfolios in the third quarter of 2013. The allowance-to-loan ratio fell very modestly to 1.47%, down from 1.72% from the prior year and from 1.50% in the prior quarter. The ratio of allowance to non-accrual loans was in line with the last several quarters at 211%. The level of the allowance is adequate and appropriate and reflects the stable credit trends discussed earlier along with increasing loan volume. Let me now turn the presentation back over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks Mac. Our fair play banking philosophy, coupled with our optimal customer relationship or OCR continues to drive new customer growth and improve product penetration. This slide illustrates the continued upward trend in consumer checking account households. Over the last year, consumer checking account households grew by 140,000 households or 11%. Now the third quarters 18% linked quarter annualized growth rate includes 38,000 customers we acquired as part of the Bank of America transaction. Our strategy is not just about market share gains, but also gains in share of wallet. We continue to focus on increasing the number of products and services we provide to those customers knowing that this will translate into revenue growth. Our OCR cross-sell goal of six or more products and services improved to almost 49% this quarter, up more than 150 basis points from a year ago. Correspondingly, our consumer checking account household revenue is up over 9% year-over-year. We work to the impact of the changes weve made in our business banking checking products that impacted a number of lower balance accounts. Revenue grew just under 10% over the last year as the accounts that were closed had little impact on revenue, but did impact the optics of our commercial relationship portfolio. Thats on slide 18, turning to slide 19, and expectations for the fourth quarter. We continue to expect loan growth predominantly in auto and commercial lending, but as we discussed before, competition remains intense and that has lowered our pull-through rates. We are closely monitoring our NIM and remain focused on pricing discipline. Within auto, we are continuing to monitor the securitization markets and well look to use it as a tool to manage our overall concentration. Its unlikely we will be in the market during the fourth quarter, but we do expect two securitizations in 2015. We will continue to reinvest cash flows from investment securities into LCR-compliant, high-quality liquid assets. In addition, securities are likely to continue to modestly increase as we buy additional level one high quality liquid assets and a portion of the commercial teams production is placed in the securities portfolio. The NIM is expected to remain under pressure, but we expect net interest income to grow as earning asset growth more than offsets the NIM compression. Non-interest income, excluding the net MSR impact is expected to remain near the third quarters level. We also expect adjusted non-interest expense; excluding significant items will remain near the current quarters adjusted level. Fourth quarter 2014 is expected to include approximately $10 million of significant items related to the already announced franchise repositioning activities. We will continue to look for ways to reduce expenses, while not impacting our previously announced growth strategies or our high level of customer service. On the credit front, we see credit trends are beginning to reach normal levels. We expect net charge-offs will remain in or below our long-term expected range of 35 to 55 basis points. Provision was below our long-term expectation during this past quarter. Both are expected to continue to experience modest changes, given their absolute low levels. Turning to slide 20, as you can see, we continue to be on track for delivering positive operating leverage for 2014. Were committed to positive operating leverage for the full year and are committing to delivering positive operating leverage in 2015. We still have a lot of work to do over the final quarter, but Im pleased with our year-to-date progress. Finally, Id like to congratulate two of our senior leaders Mary Navarro, for being recognized as one of the American Bankers 25 Most Powerful Women in banking; and Helga Houston for being recognized as one of American Bankers 25 Women to Watch in Banking. Were very proud that theyre part of our team. And so with that, Ill turn it back to Todd.
Todd Beekman: Sally, well now take questions. And we ask the courtesy of your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow-up. And if that person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back into the queue. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler ONeill and Partners. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill & Partners: Good morning guys.
Todd Beekman: Good morning, Scott.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill & Partners: Steve, I was hoping you could expand a little on some of the comments you made about the competitive dynamic on the commercial side, I guess mostly within the context of few of the larger Ohio based banks have one, if I think probably more of a slowdown in the commercial side than you did and then two, kind of its sort of a more direct pullback. Just hoping to get a little additional color beyond what you made in your prep remarks at where are you guys on spectrum, how you think about things as you look forward?
Steve Steinour: Well, as we indicated, we have slightly lower line of credit utilizations. Weve got lower levels of pull through and thats reflecting competitive dynamics. Half of our commercial growth has occurred in our specialty verticals, Scott. So, we made investments over the last several years in trying to position these businesses for growth and theyre largely on track, and those niches with dedicated personnel and industry knowledge have paid dividends to-date and I think will continue to help us with our growth as we go forward. I would say generally the economies in our region, our footprint are doing well. And thats also fueling us a bit. Finally, we do a lot of small business lending. And so, there is a component that might be thought of a sort of a small business, a business banking context thats also driving that growth.
Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill & Partners: Okay, perfect. I appreciate that color and then either Steve or Mac I was hoping you could touch on the cost side for just a moment. First, were any of the savings from the July initiative, did they hit the third quarter or will that all be in the fourth quarter? And then Mac, you had alluded to I think 2% to 4% core expense growth next year. I know you guys have been in the process of kind of a broader strategic review. Does that embed the results or conclusions of that review or is that still kind of ongoing appending?
Steve Steinour: Thanks Scott. So there was, I would say a slight benefit on adjusted basis in the third quarter relative to the reduction in force that we had. We will see that come through in the fourth quarter, but also keep in mind that were adding the Bank of America branches and we are accelerating the investment in-store. So these affected those things in as well. And obviously all those things are played in with the guidance that weve given around fourth quarter being flat for third quarter on an adjusted basis with non-interest expense and that 2% to 4% range of growth off an adjusted 2014 base in 2015, which does include all the strategic actions that we need to take in 2015 related to the process that we just came through.
Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill & Partners: Okay. Alright, perfect. Thank you very much.
Steve Steinour: You bet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR. Your line is open.
Bob Ramsey - FBR: Hi, good morning guys. I just want to talk a little bit about auto. I know you all said on your prepared remarks that you are looking to do a couple of securitizations next year after you guys sort of stepped out of that market for a couple of years. Is that a reflection of loan concentration one, or is it a question of sort of where you see the market today or whats sort of driving that shift?
Steve Steinour: Bob, we said we had a concentration limit on auto a year or so ago and what were going to be running into that next year and so there is certainly a concentration component into the securitization. But as weve done in the past, if we see better execution, we have securitized in the past when we had room into the limited. And next year, well start with the concentration. But if we find an opportunity that gives us better economics in the future, well use that as well. We originate to all; its the same quality portfolio that weve securitized as what we hold. Its performed very well for us; the securities had actually outperformed expectations. And were confident in the quality of what were doing and you get to see that every quarter as we give you the credit and other metrics on our production.
Bob Ramsey - FBR: And could you remind me what that concentration limit is when you guys are sort of targeting on the portfolio?
Steve Steinour: We havent given an exact number, but weve expressed it as a percentage of capital in the past and I believe weve reduced about 150% and that was capital a couple of years ago. So, you think about round numbers, $7.5 billion, $8 billion that should put you in the ballpark.
Bob Ramsey - FBR: Great. Thats helpful. There has been a lot of talk in the media as well about the growing proportion of auto originations that are subprime, Im curious if you could tell me what percent of auto production this quarter was subprime and maybe how if at all that has changed over the last year or two?
Dan Neumeyer: We basically -- this is Dan. And we really dont originate subprime. Weve been a super-prime and prime type lender and thats what we -- thats whats worked for us and thats what we continue to concentrate.
Bob Ramsey - FBR: Great. Thank you, guys.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Yes, thank you. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Erika.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: I just wanted to ask on the margin outlook that you had mentioned on slide 19. As we think about the margin trajectory into next year under your rate scenario where the Fed doesnt raise the short end, could you help us think about what sort of the proportion of your margin impact is attributed to HQI buying and being LCR compliant versus core compression? I mean is that another way if not for LCR would we be closer to the bottom on the NIM at this point?
Mac McCullough: Yes. Thanks Erika. So the way to think about it in the current quarter if you look at it relatively third quarter of last year we had 20 basis points of compression on the asset side about four of that was related to LCR activities. And you might remember on the last call we talked about our outlook for the net interest margin. And we probably bottom fourth quarter of 14, first quarter of 15 based on a rate environment where we actually thought that we were going to see an increase from the Fed much sooner than were planning right now. So with our current guidance and the way were looking at our plan for 2015 with no Fed increase plan for 2015 at least from our perspective, were going to continue to see margin pressure. I would say thats going to decelerate on a quarterly basis in 2015 and we are going to continue to add securities, primarily Ginnie Mae as it relates to what is required from an LCR perspective as we move towards that date of January 16. So I do think that the proportion that youre seeing related to the LCR impact is going to become larger as we move into 2015, I am not quite sure exactly what thats going to be. But we are seeing, I would say some of the spread compressions I guess back off a bit as we move through the portfolio of mix change.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Got it. And my second question is given that youve pushed through a new money rate of 3% for your new auto originations, as you look out in terms of the competition for the credit spectrum that you do participate in, how much do you expect this to impact forward growth if at all into next year?
Steve Steinour: I dont think it will really impact growth. We certainly didnt see that in the quarter when we pushed the rate increase through, actually had record origination volumes. So, I dont think that would be an impact.
Erika Najarian - Bank of America: Got it, great. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks. I guess first question I had was just in terms of the BOA branch deal, should we view this as kind of a one-off opportunistic opportunity to expand your footprint or when you think about the growth strategy over time, are there additional footprints or markets that you actually want to continue to build scale, we could see potentially more of these deals?
Steve Steinour: Well this was in footprint, so it is part of our strategy to try and get more share where we are and build out, Ken. And were going to continue to prioritize in our shared in the markets were in. We might look at adjacent geography but the priority would be in footprint.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Got it. Okay. And then just the other question I has in terms of LCR, can you just give us an update where do you stand on that? Other banks have provided percentages in terms of how, I guess where they stand on LCR. Thanks.
Mac McCullough: Ken, its Mac. So were probably in the neighborhood of 80% of where we need to be. Were going to continue to add to the portfolio. We see the ability to take basically liquidity from the existing portfolio about a $100 million a month and get the right type of securities for LCR. So there will be a bit of a mix change in the existing portfolio and I would expect another 750 million to 1 billion incremental coming on as we move through 2015 to get us ready for January of 2016.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Got you. And the new securities youre putting, does that have a meaningful impact on your NIM?
Mac McCullough: Were primarily looking to bring [Jennys] on. And its hard to quote exactly where we are based on the market the last couple of days. But it does have an impact on the NIM; there is no doubt about it. But I wouldnt necessarily call it material.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Alright, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning everyone.
Steve Steinour: Good morning.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan: So, the one-time cost for the July repositioning in closing 26 branches looks like around $30 million, how much do you expect to see per year from those actions?
Mac McCullough: So the expectation was $30 million to $35 million on an annual basis.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan: Okay, perfect. And then if I look at the 2% to 4% range youre talking about for expense growth next year, at least the upper end of the range seems high, particularly given the number you just gave on cost saves. What are some of the tailwinds pushing expense growth in 2015 and how much control do you have within that range?
Mac McCullough: So we have made significant investments in technology, if you take a look back over the last couple of years, Steve mentioned a few of those on the call today with the new teleplatform. Were now completely image enabled in all of our branches. We start to get the paper out of the branches. So clearly savings related to that. Were completely image enabled on ATMs now and we also mentioned that were seeing customer behavior change with the migration of deposits to the image enabled ATMs as well as the photo mobile deposit capture, which is another investment weve been making around digital. We have made large investments in in-stores which we highly value. Were saying our customers migrate transactions into the in-stores. We think its a very important part of our distribution strategy going forward as we think about optimizing distribution and really getting the right cost and the right investment and distribution going forward. So those are some investments that weve made that will have amortization expense from a technology perspective in 2015 or additional run rate expense related to bringing the new branches online. So, we do think these investments are important relative to the direction that were taking to franchise in the future and those are some of the items that well see in 2015 and why the 2% to 4% range is what we expect. 
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan: Okay, thats helpful. If I could just ask one more, some banks that have small auto portfolios pointed that particularly in direct auto is getting floppy, right, these are core part of your business. In that prime part of the business, are you seeing any floppiness there and you guys, I know you had very strong growth this quarter. But what do you do in terms of tightening, what are you just seeing in the market overall? Thank you.
Dan Neumeyer: Yes, this is Dan. I think I dont know if there isnt segment of market but it is very competitive although different lenders have their different initiatives that they are interested in. And as I mentioned were in that kind of prime, super prime, there is some competition, but given the fact that we were able to put through the price increase and still maintain volumes I think that gives an indication that its still somewhat rational. So we are pleased with the segment of the market were competing in.
Steven Alexopoulos - JPMorgan: Okay. Thanks for the color.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Thanks. Good morning.
Steve Steinour: Good morning, Ken.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Just following on auto and credit, obviously your staff is Mac as you alluded to the FICOs are the highest theyve been in the long time and the LTVs havent changed. But weve seen a bit of a rollover in the Mannheim, your delinquencies have been up for the last two quarters. Im just wondering if you can help us understand how youre thinking about just protecting the book from a future credit perspective and what underlying trends are you seeing just kind of inside the portfolio and any signals that were about to go the wrong way on just auto credit regardless of how good of a job you guys do, but just from a book perspective?
Dan Neumeyer: Sure. This is Dan. So we do watch indexes like the Mannheim thats one of our leading indicators. I can see that we are seeing anything right now that gives us pause, but again, we stayed very much to our strategy of very strong FICOs reasonable loan to values and terms et cetera. So no real early warning indicators even as we have expanded into a new market we take a very cautious approach, we take a bit more conservative stance when entering into those new markets and those seasons and then go to our more traditional parameters. So we watch very closely, but no early indications of any real problems.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Okay. Dan, thank you. And then secondly, Mac when you talk about reentering securitization markets and potentially doing two next year, it seems like the spreads are gain on sale potential was a lot tighter in the auto market than it was when you were doing them a few years ago. Could you help us understand how you think about what a gain on sales might look like now versus then and also what the trade-off would be in terms of seeking that gain on sale one-time through the fee side and then give up versus the give up in NII?
Mac McCullough: Yes. So we have been monitoring the securitization markets very closely and you are correct. The gains are much lower than they were last time we went this direction. I would roughly say that probably 50% is something in that range. And clearly there probably is a bit of a give up by securitizing and not keeping the production on balance sheet, but we think this is the right thing to do from a concentration limit perspective and if the direction that we have actually built for 2015 plan.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Thats all embedded -- those trade-offs taken to securitization and trade-offs to the NII thats built into the plan for 15?
Mac McCullough: Thats correct.
Ken Usdin - Jefferies: Okay, got it. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt OConnor with Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Dan Delmoro - Deutsche Bank: Good morning guys. You have Dan Delmoro calling in for Matt. Could you just give us some color on what drove that $8 million net credit recovery in CRE this quarter and just for general outlook for recoveries going forward?
Mac McCullough: Sure. Weve seen strong recoveries in the CRE book; obviously we had significant charge-off activity several years back so were starting to see a benefit of that. I do think it is probably the recoveries probably arent going to grow from here. Well continue to see reasonable level of recoveries going forward. But thats all multiple credits, Dan.
Dan Delmoro - Deutsche Bank: Got it. And separately, again loan sales was up this quarter to about $8 million after seeing outlined around $4 million in the last few quarters. Should we expect that to continue or to get back down to the more normalized level?
Steve Steinour: Yes, I would think about it back at the normalized level, those were primarily [FPA] gains and I think we just had some unusual gains in the quarter.
Dan Delmoro - Deutsche Bank: Alright. Thank you very much.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks. Good morning, guys.
Steve Steinour: Hi Jon.
Mac McCullough: Hi Jon.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Just a follow-up on the branches, can you just talk a little more about the decision to accelerate be in-store expansion? Im guessing, this is just filling out Eagle and Meijer sooner rather than later. And then maybe an update on the impact to the entire effort, as you touched a little bit on it in the press release, but maybe an idea of how the entire effort is tracking in terms of current year and maybe next years P&L?
Mac McCullough: So we committed to a statewide exclusive arrangement with Giant Eagle and Meijer; several other banks with different store locations. And as they, and these generally were the most attractive store, as those leases expire or there is opportunity for early exits, weve been very interested and backfilling this as soon as possible. And were going to benefit from that in 2015 to the extent of 50 openings. That will largely complete the program; there will be a few more in out years, but the vast majority of that will be complete. The in-stores themselves as Mac alluded are seeing a much higher level of customer choice than we expected. So the transactional side of that in addition to the sales side is going very, very well. And that convenience play we think is part of whats driving it. Weve factored the 50 expansions into the 2015 budget and so thats in that expense guidance of 2% to 4% Mac gave you. And I mentioned earlier that we have 50 that have turned profitable and we expect the existing 120 plus to be profitable around the end of the year.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. End of the year meaning end of 15?
Steve Steinour: No, end of 14; existing 120 plus will be profitable around the end of 14.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. That makes sense. Thanks a lot.
Steve Steinour: Okay. So, its roughly two, two and half year average to get them to profitability, Jon.
Jon Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research. Your line is open.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research: Hello there, I just wanted to touch on the two slide tweaks to the outlook, first, no longer expecting securitization in the fourth quarter; and then second, the non-performing assets, youve taken out the language around those decline and just wonder if you could discuss the thinking?
Steve Steinour: Could you repeat the first half of that question please? We had difficulty in hearing, Geoff.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research: Sure. So, the not securitizing in the fourth quarter, before it seemed like there was more of a possibility, now given the outlook it sounds less likely. And then the commentary around non-performing assets declining seems to have been dropped. So what was the rationale for making those two changes?
Mac McCullough: So, this is Mac. Regarding the securitizations, as I mentioned earlier, we have been monitoring our markets very carefully. And just given some of the volatility and some of the rate issues that weve seen, we dont need to do the securitization in 2014. So, weve taken the guidance out related to that for specific reasons around just market conditions and making sure that we get the accounting for this right. So, 2015 looks much more probable at this point.
Steve Steinour: Yes. And with regard to the NPA, the only real thought there is weve reached the level of our NPAs that are within our normalized range. We do expect to see some level of continued improvement going forward, but as you see this quarter, were down to levels where a couple of deals can make a difference in the level of NPAs, so from quarter-to-quarter you might see some modest volatility. But we do still expect over the next couple of years to see some level of continued improvement there. So, not a big shift in how were thinking about it.
Geoffrey Elliott - Autonomous Research: Okay.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio from KBW. Your line is open.
Chris Mutascio - KBW: Good morning Steve and Mac. How are you?
Steve Steinour: Great, thank you.
Chris Mutascio - KBW: Good. Hey, Mac, I just want to go over the expense again, just want to make sure I understand how this plays out. If I look at your adjusted expenses in 2013, it looks like about $1.78 billion and given the guidance for -- what youve done already in 14 and the guidance for the fourth quarter, it looks like it would be about $1.81 billion in 2014, so about 2% increase in 14 over 13. And your guidance for next year is expenses up 2% to 4%. Now I do realize there is acquisitions involved that will be the full run rate in 15 that can pressure the expense rate, but it is higher than what it was in 14 or projected to be higher in 14. So am I to assume that the cost save initiatives that you take in place are essentially be fully invested in the franchise rather than hitting the bottom line at least in the first year in 2015?
Mac McCullough: Yes Chris, I think when you go through the math that would be the way to take a look at it. I think with the investments that were making in the in-stores and I think the Bank of America acquisition and how that plays into 2015 on a full year basis along with some of the technology investments that I mentioned earlier, those things would basically be 2% to 4% increase that weve talked about and that would offset the adjustments that weve made in the fourth quarter.
Chris Mutascio - KBW:  Okay. Thanks Mac. I appreciate it.
Mac McCullough: Thanks Chris.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Mr. Steinour, Ill turn the call back over to you.
Steve Steinour:  Great, thank you. In summary, were pleased with our performance in the third quarter, as our strategies and disciplined execution drove strong results. There is a market acceptance of our value proposition. It is clearly an acceptance. Our best-in-class service, our convenience and our fair play philosophy. And you can see this as we continue to gain market share and share of wallet. And you can continue to see distinct examples of how we are optimizing the franchise. We produced 5% percent revenue growth in a challenging environment and are highly focused on pricing discipline as we continue to grow our portfolio. We recognize that the interest rate environment and competitive pressures are not going to go away overnight, so we have work yet to do to finish out the year as strongly as it began. Finally, our Board and this management team are all long-term shareholders; we are very focused on reducing volatility and driving long-term performance. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. Have a good day everybody.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-18 01:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Beekman  Managing Director of Strategies & IR Steve Steinour  Chairman, President and CEO Mac McCullough  CFO Dan Neumeyer  Chief Credit Officer
Analysts: Erika Najarian  BofA Merrill Lynch Scott Siefers  Sandler O'Neill & Partners Steven Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley Bill Carcache  Nomura Asset Management Bob Ramsey  FBR & Co. Keith Murray  ISI Group Ken Usdin  Jefferies & Company Terry McEvoy  Sterne, Agee & Leach Chris Mutascio  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods Chip Dixon  DISCERN Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets - Analyst
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tiffany. I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares second-quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Todd Beekman, you may begin your conference.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Tiffany, and welcome. I'm Todd Beekman, Managing Director of Strategies and Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides that we will be reviewing can be found on our IR website at Huntington.com. This call is being recorded and be available for rebroadcast starting about an hour after the close of the call. Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these, and only point out one key disclosure. The presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures. In that regard, I direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation, the earnings-related material released this morning, and the 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 4, today's discussion, including the Q&A period, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to change, risk and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update these statements. For a complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, the material filed with the SEC, and our most recent Form K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Turning to Slide 5, the presenters today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Mac McCullough, our CFO; Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, will all be participating in the Q&A portion. Let's get started, turning to Slide 6. Steve?
Steve Steinour: Thank you for joining us today. Huntington had a great second quarter. We executed our strategies and delivered strong results. The industry is dealing with the challenging environment, but this is a quarter when many of our cylinders were firing and demonstrates how many of the investments we've made over the last several years are paying off. We reported net income of $165 million, a 9% increase from the year-ago quarter, and EPS of $0.19 per common share, or a 12% year-over-year increase. This represented a 107% return on average assets and a nearly 12.5% return on tangible common equity. Fully taxable equivalent revenue increased $33 million, or 5% year over year. Net interest income increased $35 million, or 8% year over year, while non interest income remained relatively flat, despite the $11 million headwind in mortgage banking. Net interest income benefited from two items. Our investments in our auto and commercial segments drove a $3.8 billion, or 9% increase, in loans. And we had to add nearly $2.6 billion of incremental securities as we prepare for the upcoming Basel III Liquidity Coverage Ratio or LCR rules. The benefit of the larger balance sheet was partially offset by a 10-basis point decrease in the net interest margin. Non interest expense increased $13 million, or $20 million less than revenue. Our efficiency ratio improved to 62.7%, and while this remains above our long-term target, we continue to focus on driving positive operating leverage. We've achieved positive operating leverage year to date and we remain committed to positive operating leverage for the full year. I will cover OCR in more detail later in the presentation, but we continue to gain market share and share of wallet. Our robust customer growth and OCR sales process are driving long-term shareholder value. Turning to slide 7, our credit quality continues to trend favorably. Our capital ratios remain strong. At the end of the second quarter, our tangible common equity ratio was 8.38%, down 38 basis points from a year ago, while our Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio was 10.26%, down 45 basis points from a year ago. Both of these reductions reflect the combination of our disciplined balance sheet growth and strong capital management over the past year. This quarter, we repurchased 12.1 million common shares at an average cost of $9.17 per share. With the common stock dividend and buybacks combined, we returned 97% of second-quarter earnings to common shareholders. Slide 8 has a few additional first-quarter highlights. First, we announced the acquisition of 24 branches in Michigan from Bank of America early in the quarter, and within 60 days we received OCC approval for the acquisition. We are targeting a September close and conversion for this transaction. For the second year in a row, we were recognized for having the highest customer satisfaction rating in the north central region in a JD Power survey of retail banking customers. The customers' experience is a significant differentiator in this industry and this is just the latest acknowledgment of the great job our colleagues do on a daily basis, providing best-in-class service. We maintained our position as the number one SBA lender in the country, by the number of loans through the first nine months of the SBA's fiscal year. Small business lending is a core competency of Huntington. All of these loans are made to companies in our footprint. Finally, we were pleased to announce the addition of Eddie Munson to our Board of Directors. The Board looks forward to tapping his knowledge, not just a 32-year accounting professional, focused on regional banks, but also a business and civic leader in Detroit and eastern Michigan. With that, let me turn it over to Mac for a more detailed review of the numbers. Mac?
Mac McCullough: Thanks, Steve. Good morning, everyone. Slide 9 is a summary of our quarterly trends and key performance metrics. Steve already touched on several of these, so let's move on to slide 10 and drill into the underlying details. Relative to last year's second quarter, revenue increased $33 million, or 5%, to $717 million. Spread revenues accounted for the entire increase, as net interest income increased 8% to $467 million. Average earning assets increased 12% year over year to $57.1 billion, driving net interest income growth. While we've been building the securities portfolio in preparation for the upcoming Basel III Liquidity Coverage Ratio, or LCR, loan growth drove the majority of the earning asset growth. The net interest margin compressed 10 basis points year over year to 3.28%. Earning asset yields compressed 15 basis points year over year, including 3 basis points of compression due to the larger investment securities portfolio, offset by 4 basis points of benefit due to an interest recovery on a credit-impaired acquired commercial real estate loan. Funding costs improved by 5 basis points. Second quarter fee income was $250 million, which represented a $2 million decline, or less than 1% from the year-ago quarter. The benefits of our robust customer acquisition were evident, as service charges on deposit accounts increased 7% year over year and electronic banking increased 13%. Other income increased $7 million, or 25% year over year, primarily related to various commercial loan fees given the strong lending activity during the quarter, as well as fees related to our consumer and commercial credit card products. As a reminder, we introduced our commercial and consumer credit card products in the second and third quarters of 2013 respectively and we are very pleased with progress to date. These items helped offset the continued pressure on mortgage banking income, which declined $11 million, or 33%, from the year-ago quarter, as refis continue to decline and the majority of the volume shifts to the purchase market. Non interest expense was $459 million, an increase of $13 million, or 3%, from the year-ago quarter. The largest contributor was a $9 million, or 92% increase in professional services, of which $5 million was one-time consulting expense related to strategic planning. Outside data processing and other services and equipment expense both increased $4 million from the year-ago quarter, primarily related to technology investments to support growth initiatives. Personnel expense was down $3 million, or 1% from the year-ago quarter, as the curtailment of our pension at the end of last year more than offset the impact of increased salary expense this quarter. Slide 11 displays the trends in our earning asset mix, net interest income and net interest margin. Average loans increased $3.7 billion, or 9% year over year. This increase included $0.5 million from the Camco acquisition. Commercial and auto remained the primary drivers of our loan growth, although we experienced growth in every portfolio except other consumer, a relatively small portfolio. Average commercial and industrial, or C&I, loans grew 7% year over year. More than half of the increase occurred in our specialty lending verticals, all of which continue to mature and gain traction. Business banking and our auto dealer floor plan lending were other key contributors to the growth. Also recall that approximately $600 million of C&I loans were reclassified into investment securities at the end of the fourth quarter of 2013. The auto loan portfolio grew $2.1 billion, or 39%, from the year-ago quarter as originations remain strong and we continue to portfolio all of our production. As you can see on the auto loan slide in the appendix, we did not sacrifice credit quality to drive this volume. With respect to our auto finance business, I want to remind you that the summer months are seasonally strong. On the other hand, the auto floor plan lending side suffers during this period, as dealers liquidate the prior year's models to make room for the new model year in the fall. While our overall utilization rate ticked up modestly in the quarter, our auto floor plan loan utilization rates have been running a couple percentage points below what we would normally expect, but the strong automobile market in general has more than offset this. Also during the second quarter, our equipment finance business achieved a notable milestone, as total assets, both loans and securities related to this business, exceeded $3 billion for the first time. Turning to slide 12, the right side of the slide shows our deposit mix, while the left side lays out the maturity schedule of our CD book. Average core deposits increased $1.9 billion, or 4% year over year. This increase includes $0.5 billion from the Camco acquisition. For the last several years, we have focused on increasing low cost core deposits while reducing our dependence on high cost CDs. Average demand deposits increased $0.6 billion, or 3% year over year, while average money market deposits increased to $2.6 billion, or 17%. Growth in these categories more than offset the intentional $1.3 billion, or 28%, decrease in average, core certificates of deposits. There continues to be opportunity to drive an improvement in the mix, but as you can see over the next four quarters, we have approximately $2.2 billion of CDs maturing. This is about half the amount compared to this time last year. Another important piece of the funding mix dynamic that you do not see on this slide is the $3.6 billion year-over-year increase in short- and long-term borrowings, $2.5 billion of which was banked in holding company debt issued over the past year. As we continue to focus on remixing our deposit base and managing our overall cost of funds, we expect to continue to be active in the debt markets. Slide 13 shows the trends in capital. The Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio decreased from 10.71% at June 30, 2013 to 10.26% at June 30, 2014. The decrease was due to balance sheet growth and share repurchases that were partially offset by retained earnings and the stock issued in the Camco acquisition. During the second quarter of 2014, we repurchased 12.1 million shares of stock at an average cost of $9.17 per share. Over the past four quarters, we have repurchased 28.6 million common shares. Following the $111 million of buybacks this quarter, we have remaining capacity for $139 million of potential buybacks through the end of the 2015 first quarter under our $215 million repurchase authorization. Slide 14 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit performance remains solid and in line with our expectations. Net charge-offs fell noticeably in the quarter to 25 basis points, aided by lower consumer charge-offs, particularly in home equity and residential mortgage. Commercial charge-offs remain stable. Loans past due greater than 90 days remain very well controlled at 30 basis points. Nonaccruals were down slightly in the quarter, while the criticized asset ratio fell modestly as well. The criticized asset ratio includes the results of the shared national credit exam and also incorporates ratings activity on a significant portion of the portfolio reviewed upon receipt of year-end financial statements as the second quarter is the most active for credit renewals and reviews. All of these ratios are operating within our normalized targets and the allowance in associated coverage ratios remain adequate and in line with previous quarter levels. Slide 15 shows the trend in our nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates continued improvement, albeit at a reduced rate, as we are operating within a more normalized range. We do expect some modest improvement over the upcoming quarters. The chart on the right shows the NPA inflows, which are also fairly even with the prior quarter. Reviewing slide 16, the loan loss provision of $294.4 million was up modestly from the year-ago quarter and nearly equal to charge-offs in the second quarter. The allowance-to-loan ratio fell very modestly to 1.50% from 1.56% in the prior quarter. The ratio of allowance to nonaccrual loans ticked up slightly from 211% to 213%. The level of the allowance is adequate and appropriate and reflects the stable to improving credit trends discussed earlier, along with increasing loan volume. In summary, we had a very solid credit quarter with performance at the low end of our long-term expectations. Let me now turn the presentation back over to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Mac. Turning to slide 17, our fair play banking philosophy, coupled with our optimal customer relationship, or OCR disciplines, continue to drive new customer growth and improve product penetration. This slide illustrates the continued upward trend in consumer checking account households. Over the last year, consumer checking account households grew by 100,000 households, or 8%. During the second quarter, the annualized growth rate was almost 10%, illustrating that our momentum is sustained. The strategy is not just about market share gains, but also gains in share of wallet. We continue to focus on increasing the number of products and services we provide to these customers and the corresponding revenue. Our OCR cross-sell measure of six or more products and services improved to almost 49% this quarter, up more than 200 basis points from a year ago. Our consumer checking account household revenue is up 7% year over year. Turning to slide 18, while the chart on this slide appears to show a plateau in our acquisition of new commercial relationships over the past couple of quarters, I would remind you that we expected this to occur, as it ties directly to some changes we made in our business banking checking products, which have and will accelerate the closing of about 10,000 lower balance business checking accounts over the course of this year. Our underlying growth of new business customers remains strong. We also continue to progress in the deepening of our commercial relationships. The percentage of commercial customers with cross-sell of four plus products or services now exceeds 41%, an improvement of approximately 500 basis points from a year ago. Our commercial relationship revenue is up 18% year over year. Turning to slide 19, our expectations for the second half of the year remain similar to what we laid out in January, after accounting for seasonality. Our local economies continue to recover and confidence has improved among our customers, particularly business. Competition remains challenging and we've seen some moderation in the pull-through rates from pipeline to booking, but we expect continued success in commercial and auto lending to drive overall loan growth, as pipelines remain robust. Our recent investments in specialty lending verticals continue to mature, and our commitment to middle market and small business remains a cornerstone of the Company. Auto loan origination volumes are strong, although new money yields continue to compress modestly, recently in the range of 2.9%. We are continuing to monitor the securitization markets, as we've said before, and we'll look to use it as a tool to manage our overall concentration. We'll continue to reinvest cash flows from investment securities into LCR-compliant, high-quality liquid assets. The NIM is expected to remain under pressure, but we expect net interest income to grow as earning asset growth more than offsets the NIM compression. Non interest income, excluding the net MSR impact, is expected to remain near the second quarter's level. This includes the previously disclosed $6 million quarterly negative impact from a change in our consumer checking products that we will implement later this month. We also expect non interest expense, excluding one-time items, will remain near the second quarter's reported level. We will continue to look for ways to reduce expenses, while not impacting our previously announced growth strategies, or our high level of customer service. On the credit front, nonperforming assets are expected to experience continued improvement. We expect net charge-offs will remain in or below our long-term expected range of 35 to 55 basis points, while provision was below our long-term expectation during this past quarter. Both are expected to continue to experience modest changes, given their absolute low levels. Turning to slide 20, as you can see, we're off to a solid start in terms of operating leverage for 2014, and we are committed to positive operating leverage for the full year. Year to date, adjusted total revenue is up about 3%. Adjusted expenses were up less than 1%. We remain focused on this metric. We still have a lot of work to do over the second half of the year, but I'm pleased with our year-to-date progress. With that, I turn it back over to Todd.
Todd Beekman: Operator, we'll now take questions. We ask, for the courtesy of your peers, each person ask only one question and one related follow up. Then if the person has additional questions, he or she can add themselves back to the queue. Thank you. Tiffany?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Erika Najarian with Bank of America. Your line is open. 
Erika Najarian  BofA Merrill Lynch:
Mac McCullough:  Erika, hi, this is Mac. Thanks for the question. We are comfortable, as we said, with taking a look at the second quarter run rate excluding one-time items and thinking about that as a base going forward. We do have a number of items that will impact the expense related to the growth initiatives around technology investments and those types of things going forward as well. We're comfortable working both sides of the equation on the efficiency ratio. Clearly, revenue is going to be a focus. We continue to look for opportunities to become more productive as well. Generally, we're going to continue to make the right investments to grow the top line, but understand that it's important to drive operating leverage and that clearly is going to be the focus going forward.
Erika Najarian  BofA Merrill Lynch:
Mac McCullough:  We feel like we're really well positioned for LCR. We got ahead of this late last year. If you take a look at the investment security portfolio, it's up 28% year-over-year. We've got about $100 million a month that's maturing and we're putting back into the right type of product in the investment security portfolio.  So I think to the extent we see earning asset going forward, growth, it will come in the loan portfolio. There might be modest increases in investment securities, but we do feel that we're pretty well positioned there.
Erika Najarian  BofA Merrill Lynch:
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill and Partners. Your line is open.
Scott Siefers  Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  Steve or Mac, I was hoping, maybe, first question is just on the BAC branches, if you could just talk to us a little bit about your accretion or dilution expectations? The reason I ask is branch deals have been near-term/long-term story over the last few years, as there haven't been a ton of opportunities to deploy the funds, but you're seeing quite strong loan growth, right? Just wondering if there are more opportunities to deploy that? If that changes your modeling, or overall how you're thinking about the accretion and dilution over the next year or so?
Steve Steinour:  Scott, it's 24 branches, as you know, and it's deposit only. We would expect to put our lending products in literally day one. We will get to a more balanced equation over time within those branches, as we do all of our branches.  Again, it's 24, so this is not going to move the needle hugely for us as we go forward. It will be helpful, and it will be accretive.
Scott Siefers  Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  Okay, perfect. Then wanted to ask just a separate question on capital management. Just given that this was the first year you went through the CCAR specifically, as opposed to the CapPR. Just was curious, Steve, if you could go through your attitudes, particularly as it relates to the 30% dividend payout limit, just as you looked at your own ask, so to speak? Then, Mac, I know when you were at USB, you weren't necessarily driving the CCAR, but you've been through more CCARs at another organization. So just curious how you think about things as you look to the next several months and you go through your CCAR as well?
Steve Steinour:  As we approach CCAR, I think it was third quarter of last year, Scott, we said we were going to be conservative with the ask first time through. Wanted to make sure we got through and were able to move forward. I think we were consistent with that. The timing of the dividend reflects that, as we discussed on an earlier call, the dividend increase. It was an event we had prepared for substantially in 2012. The bar keeps moving, changing, raising. So there are always learnings from something like this and more work to do, and we're engaged with that and expect to continue to be able to manage through that process in a consistent fashion. We will be challenging ourselves to drive with consistency over the years through CCAR and therefore, continuing to learn and invest where we need to to bolster it. Mac, what would you add from your prior perspective?
Mac McCullough:  I would say, Scott, I'm very pleased with where we are and how we came through last year's process. What I do know from my previous experience is that this is a journey and that we're going to continue to see the bar raised. I think the important thing is that we know where to focus as we think about 2015, and I think we know what we need to do. I feel very good about the progress that Huntington has made and where we are on the process.
Scott Siefers  Sandler O'Neill & Partners:  Okay. That's perfect. I appreciate all the color, guys.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Steven Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Maybe I could start, regarding the auto loan securitization commentary being added back to the outlook slide, are you guys thinking maybe one of these in the second half and maybe $1 billion plus? Just wanted to know your thoughts there?
Steve Steinour:  We have said now for probably a year and a half that we have a concentration limit on auto, and as we continue to grow, we don't plan, at least at this point, to change that concentration limit. That would take us to loan securitizations, one or more, in 2015. We're viewing the market now and our lending is robust. There is the possibility we could do something the second half of this year.
Steven Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Okay.
Steve Steinour:  Although we're not planning it at the moment.
Steven Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Got you. Somewhat related question, on the floor plan business, I know that's typically weak in the third quarter as dealers make room for the new model year. With your comments that line utilization was below the normal level, are you signaling to us that you might not see that typical seasonal decline?
Steve Steinour:  No, we'll see that, for sure. Sales have been so good in the second quarter, that seasonal decline may have even advanced a little bit in the second quarter.
Steven Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley:  In terms of expenses, what's changed? I know your guidance doesn't seem like it changed. It was a little higher than what we were looking for. Your guidance, obviously, is for expenses to stay at these levels. It seems that there's been some upward pressure on the absolute dollar expenses versus last quarter. What's driving that?
Mac McCullough:  Ken, this is Mac. Really, I don't think there's anything unusual in what's here. Obviously, we've had some one-time items related to the acquisitions, and we continue to make the investments and recognize the expense related to the historic investments. Again, I think where we're at in the second quarter represents a good run rate, thinking about removing the one-time items.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley: Okay. Understood. I was just thinking versus last quarter, if we had the same conversation, modest up would have put us still below where we're at, or currently. That's okay. Then, just same thing on the guidance on net interest income. I think you were saying modestly higher. Given the very good growth this quarter in NII, does that imply that you expect a slightly more stable outlook for the second half? Just wondering how you're thinking about that?
Mac McCullough:  I think from a net interest income perspective, we will see growth. It will be driven entirely by earning asset growth, because the NIM will be under pressure. We'll continue to see repricing on the C&I book and that will be the primary source of that pressure. The earning asset growth, based on the robust pipelines that we see in C&I and continued strength in auto lending, will drive the net interest income growth offset by margin pressure.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley: That's growth from second quarter levels, not just year-over-year?
Mac McCullough:  That's from second quarter levels.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Bill Carcache with Nomura. Your line is open. 
Bill Carcache  Nomura Asset Management:  I was hoping that you could talk about risk adjusted margins in the auto lending business at this point in the cycle? I think you said new money yields were coming on at 2.9%, but was hoping you could give some context around how the economics of the business look when you factor in credit and funding costs? Along those lines, I can't tell from the vintage performance data on slide 52, but was hoping you could comment on what kind of peak loss trends you're seeing in auto and whether peak losses have started to rise again? I know there's a lot there, but any flavor or color around what's happening would be great?
Mac McCullough:  It's Mac. Given our business model in the auto business, I think given the quality of our portfolio where the FICO is in that 765 range, on a credit-adjusted basis, we really are performing extremely well. You take a look at the history, even through the cycle, our losses have been stellar. If you take a look at it today with 16 basis points of net charge-offs against the yield we're receiving on that portfolio, given the environment, that's actually attractive relative to other alternatives. So, I'm not sure we're seeing a turn in terms of quality as it relates to our portfolio on a go-forward basis. We're comfortable with the net risk-adjusted yield given the environment and our business model.
Steve Steinour:  We've been consistent with the model over the years, Bill, so that the predictability of this has been quite strong. Even though we've expanded and our volumes are up, both the proprietary model and the FICO, when we show you the FICO, give us confidence in the performance.
Bill Carcache  Nomura Asset Management:  That's very helpful. Thank you. If I may, with a follow up, do you foresee any implications for the securitization markets as we approach the point where the Fed begins to withdraw liquidity from the system? If you could talk about what kind of impact you expect to your deposit base? That would be great.
Mac McCullough:  It's Mac. We have a very large, stable retail deposit base that we feel very comfortable with in our rising rate environment. We also have fairly low dependence on large commercial deposits, if you take a look at it from a granularity perspective. We are looking, obviously, at different products and different opportunities that we would take advantage of in a rising rate environment. We do feel like we're positioned well, given the nature of our deposit base and the makeup of our retail versus wholesale funding.
Steve Steinour:  Bill, our strategies were launched in 2009. We've had a run of where we've been emphasizing share of wallet, deep relationships. A lot of our penetration of our customer base, involves multiple deposit related on the consumer side, like debit products. We think we've got a very sticky base. We continue to emphasize share of wallet, and the objectives around that historically were extending the average life of deposits. We have been at it for years. We look at our larger deposits, and we are fairly unconcentrated. We've been, in the context of LCR, shifting our deposit mix further as it relates to the collateralized deposits, to government entities and others over the last year and a half. We think we're in very good shape.
Bill Carcache  Nomura Asset Management:  Great. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Bob Ramsey  FBR & Co.:
Mac McCullough:  It's Mac. This is primarily related to the concentration limits. We've been growing that portfolio very nicely. Again, we're very pleased with the growth and the portfolio itself. Moving to securitization later this year, definitely in 2015, will be all about concentration.
Steve Steinour:  As we said a year and a half ago, we like the yield and duration on these assets comparatively, and we still do.
Bob Ramsey  FBR & Co.: Okay. Could you tell me what debt to income typically looks like on the auto loans?
Dan Neumeyer:  I don't know that I  this is Dan. I don't know that we can quote specific numbers. It is one of the factors that we use in our customs score, but I don't think we have shared specifics regarding that kind of data. It is one of the main factors that we look at in extending credit.
Bob Ramsey  FBR & Co.: Okay. Has it been relatively constant over the last couple of years?
Dan Neumeyer:  Yes, it has.
Bob Ramsey  FBR & Co.: Okay.
Steve Steinour:  Our custom also overrides FICO. So, there are 780 FICOs we don't do because of that custom score, which would give you some indication of consumer leverage and us trying to stay on the conservative side of that, Bob.
Bob Ramsey  FBR & Co.: Okay. On the auto floor plan side, I was a little surprised you mentioned that utilization rates have been running lower given just the strength in auto sales. I'm curious what you think has been driving the utilization rates down in that book?
Steve Steinour:  Just strong second quarters and inventory positioning. It's not a huge reduction for us. I think it's just an advance of the season.
Bob Ramsey  FBR & Co.: Okay. Alright. Thank you, guys.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Keith Murray with ISI. Your line is open. 
Keith Murray  ISI Group:  Just curious, sorry to beat the dead horse on auto, but does the OCC report that recently highlighted risks in the auto industry as an area of concern? Does that make you rethink the concentration limit that you guys have had in place for a while?
Dan Neumeyer:  This is Dan. Absolutely not. We've had consistent, strong performance. It's a core competency, and I think our performance in the long run speaks for itself. Our concentration limits were set quite sometime ago. We think they are at appropriate levels, both in terms of percentage of capital and the overall mix of the loan book. No, we're comfortable with it, have been, and will remain so.
Keith Murray  ISI Group:  Thanks. On the Fair Play checking, we've seen competitors come out now with some type of free checking product, going after some small-dollar depositors. Any concern or risks on your side from competition and potentially seeing a slowdown in deposit gathering there?
Steve Steinour:  No, not really. Our consumer relationships are up 8% year-over-year and 9% link-quarter annualized. We have a first-mover advantage. We have a very, very well recognized market-leading product with one-of-a-kind features with 24-hour grades. We think we've got plenty of running room going forward.
Keith Murray  ISI Group:  Okay. Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies. Your line is open. 
Ken Usdin  Jefferies & Company:  Steve, to your point on the last slide about the 3% and change revenue growth against 0.5% on expense growth, is that the type of magnitude of operating leverage that you think is sustainable as you look out through the rest of this year and next year? What does it mean for the efficiency ratio?
Steve Steinour:  We haven't provided that specific guidance on that level of detail, Ken. I'm going to refrain from doing that, if you'll excuse me? We are very focused on operating leverage and our efficiency. We will continue to be. We're not backing off of our long-term goal, and we expect to make progress.
Ken Usdin  Jefferies & Company:  Okay. The second question then, just  sorry to nitpick on the expenses, but in terms of just that explicit expense guide being flat ex one-time items, would you consider the $5 million consulting expense mentioned in the release on page 7 as a one-time item? I'm just getting  is it off of the $458.6 million or is it more off of a $453.6 million?
Mac McCullough:  Ken, this is Mac. The one-time item that we mentioned around strategic planning expense, we will see some additional pickup in the third quarter around some investment that we've made in technology, depreciation, amortization, those types of things. We could see that filling in that gap as it relates to that one-time item coming out of the second quarter.
Ken Usdin  Jefferies & Company:  Okay, so it's more just around the reported number? Because you guys didn't have an explicit item that you pointed out on page 2 like you had in the past?
Mac McCullough:  That's exactly right.
Ken Usdin  Jefferies & Company:  Okay, got it. Thanks, guys.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Sterne Agee. Your line is open. 
Terry McEvoy  Sterne, Agee & Leach:  Just your differentiated consumer and commercial products, do they have better success in more urban markets or in some of the smaller markets you operate in? The reason I ask as, if you look at the midwest, Chicago is about three times bigger than Columbus and you're not there. Clearly, it's defined as a midwest market and I'm trying to get a better understanding whether that over the mid to longer term would represent some growth opportunities, given the products and the success you've had over the last five years?
Steve Steinour:  Terry, we've found success with this across the franchise. We don't see a noticeable difference between urban, suburban, or even rural. We're measuring our customer growth at the branch level, and it's fairly consistent over an extended period of time.
Terry McEvoy  Sterne, Agee & Leach:  Okay. As a follow-up question, the rollout of the enhanced ATMs, is that just a necessity to compete with the larger banks? Or is there something there that differentiates you from your competitors and will allow you to grow market share because of the investments you're making at that level?
Steve Steinour:  It has several benefits for us. One is it drives more efficiency through the system by having an imaged capability. As you know, we're completing, this quarter, a branch image-capture system, so our item processing will be very substantially reduced as a consequence. It also, importantly, put us in a position to make adjustments to how we process and handle cutoff times. We will be more of an industry leader around cutoff times as we move forward post implementation.
Terry McEvoy  Sterne, Agee & Leach:  Great. Thanks, Steve.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio with KBW. Your line is open. 
Chris Mutascio  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Most of my questions have been asked and answered, but I thought I would throw this out there to see if you would take the bait. The $5 million cost on the strategic planning, could you care to elaborate on what type of strategic planning that would incur?
Steve Steinour:  The essence of our plan compiled in 2009, we've been talking about it consistently over the last four years. We felt when we initiated it, it would be roughly a five-year plan. We wanted to step back, challenge ourselves, get a third-party lens in to help us do some benchmarking, do some other things, which frankly have been very, very helpful to us, very constructive. We're in the midst of that process. The engagement has been completed. Thus, Mac was clear that the expenses were second quarter, and we have some things we'll work on that we'll talk about in the future.
Chris Mutascio  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Is that something that we might hear from by end of the year heading into next year in terms of any type of new strategic focus?
Steve Steinour:  It will be something we'll communicate, if not late this year, then early next year. I would view it as enhanced execution, for sure, and maybe a few newer thoughts, but certainly not revolutionary.
Chris Mutascio  Keefe, Bruyette & Woods:  Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Chip Dixon with DISCERN. Your line is open. 
Chip Dixon  DISCERN:  Question is really on the net interest margin and getting a sense of how long it's going to take in this environment before the interest rate environment stops being a headwind for you guys? In other words, just assuming the status quo and where you are, how long before all the repricing is done and balance sheet growth will equal net interest income growth?
Mac McCullough:  Chip, it's Mac. I would say that if you take a look at the current rate environment and expectations in the marketplace, we're probably looking fourth quarter, first quarter in terms of starting to see some of that take place. It does depend on what's happening from a competition perspective, obviously. It's competitive on the C&I market space, and we're going to continue to see repricing, but we'll also see competitive pressures impacting that margin as well.
Chip Dixon  DISCERN:  Okay. Thanks. Separately on the C&I business, why are people borrowing and how does it tell you the economy is changing?
Steve Steinour:  We've invested a lot in our capabilities in small business, our middle market, and our specialty verticals, which are substantially focused on in-region activity. There's been a consistent growth throughout Michigan, Ohio, Indiana, our footprint markets. We've been able to, obviously, take some market share along the way. We invested early in 2010 in starting to expand these capabilities as others were pulling back, so just like auto where we invested in a contrarian fashion, we got in early. The businesses are doing well. Remember, we're in more of a manufacturing center of the country; manufacturing's doing well. There's more on-shoring than off-shoring. We have great other factors, like low-cost gas coming into play. So, the states themselves are very well run fiscally. Multiple years of billion dollar plus or minus surpluses translating into lower taxes, so very attractive, much more competitive than they were historically. I think we're in the early innings of that game. There are a lot of foundational elements in place here for us to continue to be able to see businesses grow and prosper. We will retain that focus and I think be a winner as the economies continue to grow in our footprint.
Chip Dixon  DISCERN:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of John Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. 
Jon Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets:  Just a follow up on that one, at least it's not an auto question on loan growth. The question for you, Steve, is are you more optimistic on the lending outlook today than you were a quarter ago? Are you more optimistic as you look to the second half and later in the year?
Steve Steinour:  Yes. I'll expand on that a little bit, if you don't mind, John. As we said coming into the year, we thought second half would be better than first. It was certainly in 2013, and we saw it that way. We remain bullish. We've got robust pipelines as we come into the third quarter and a lot of good activity. We see a strengthening of confidence, generally, in the business community. We are, I think, poised to continue to grow beyond the current level. If we continue to execute well, then we should be in position to move forward with the economy as it improves.
John Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets:  Okay. That's helpful. Then just one follow up on the deposit service charge line. I think we all know you had the $6 million headwind coming in Q3. Is there anything else you feel you need to alter in terms of your checking account products, or is this just about it and it's going to be about account growth going forward?
Steve Steinour:  We've said before, we don't have anything else planned. There's an expectation that we will continue to be market leading in terms of consumer growth, and so I don't foresee anything that we have to do. There may be something we choose to do here or there, but I don't foresee anything that we have to do.
John Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan. Your line is open. 
Steven Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  I actually had two quick follow ups. It's actually been quite a few quarters since you last did an auto securitization. If you were to do one here, what's your sense of the market and the rough gain on sale margin you would expect?
Steve Steinour:  We think the market is strong, and the gain on sale has clearly come in. I don't know if it's an equivalent $1 billion securitization of a full-in paper as 50%, 60%, 70%, somewhere in that range of what it had been. That may continue to move around a little bit, hopefully strengthens.
Steven Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Okay. That's helpful. Just one other one. Steve, following up on all the comments about increased confidence, can you specifically talk about what you're seeing from small business? Thanks.
Steve Steinour:  There's much more small business activity this year than we saw through the first half of 2013. The economies, the town, cities, communities that we work in, are all doing better, and some of them have been doing well for a number of years. But if you think about the important market for us like Cleveland, you've had a couple of pretty significant shots in the arm in the last few weeks. That, if anything, just continues to bolster confidence. Again, the cities are doing better. There's a great downtown revitalization going on in Cincinnati. There's one under way in Cleveland. I'm very bullish about Detroit as it comes through this bankruptcy. We like our geography a lot. We believe we've got an important role. We're at the cross roads of a lot of the opportunities in these important geographies for further growth. I think we're well positioned in that regard.
Steven Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Chase & Co.:  Okay. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator:  There are no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to Steve Steinour.
Steve Steinour:  In summary, we're very pleased with our performance in the second quarter, as our strategies and execution drove strong results. There's market acceptance of our value proposition, our best-in-class service, our convenience, and our Fair Play philosophy. You can see this as we continue to gain market share and share of wallet. We're seeing good customer activity and our local economies to recover and strengthen. It's demonstrated by our 9% average loan growth this quarter. We produced high percent revenue growth and 9% net income growth in a challenging environment. We recognized the interest rate environment and competitive pressures are not going to way overnight, so we have work yet to do to finish out the year as strongly as it's begun. We remain committed to delivering positive operating leverage for the full year through top-line revenue growth and disciplined expense management. Finally, our Board and our Management team, we're all long-term shareholders, so we're focused on driving long-term performance. I want to thank you for your interest in Huntington and your participation on the call today. Have a great day.
Operator:  This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Todd Beekman  Senior Vice President and Director-Investor Relations Stephen D. Steinour  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer David S. Anderson  Executive Vice President and Controller Dan Neumeyer  Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer Howell D. McCullough III  Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
Analysts: Kevin J. St. Pierre  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC & Co. LLC Tom M. Shearer  Jefferies LLC Scott Siefers  Sandler ONeill & Partners LP Daniel M. Delmoro  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Bob H. Ramsey  FBR Capital Markets & Co. Steven A. Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Securities LLC Craig W. Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse Securities LLC Ryan M. Nash  Goldman Sachs & Co. Jon G. Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets, LLC David J. Long  Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Sameer Gokhale  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC Geoffrey Elliott  Autonomous Research LLP  
Operator: Good morning. My name is Tracy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Todd Beekman, you may begin your conference.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Tracy and welcome. This is Todd Beekman, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides that well be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington-ir.com. And this call is being recorded, and will be available for rebroadcast about an hour after the close of the call. Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of basis of presentation. I encourage you to read these. Let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures, and in that regard, I would direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation to those comparable financial measures within the presentation, and additionally, earnings-related material can be found this morning and in Form 8-K filed today, all which can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 4, todays discussion, including the Q&A may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to change risk and uncertainties, which may cause results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, the material we filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now turning to todays presentation. As noted on Slide 5, the presenters today are: Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Dave Anderson, Executive Vice President and Controller; Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer, who will also be participating in the Q&A portion of our call and Mac McCullough who has recently joined us as our CFO, is here with us today. So lets get started. Dave?
David S. Anderson: Turning to Slide 6, Huntington had a good first quarter. We reported net income of $149 million or $0.17 per share. This resulted in a 1.01% return on average assets and in 11.3% return on average tangible common equity. We also achieved positive operating leverage and continue to be committed to having positive operating leverage for the full year. There were two significant items recorded in the first quarter that I will cover when I discuss noninterest expense. Fully-tax equivalent net interest income was $443 million, an increase of $13 million or 3% from the year-ago quarter. This increase was due to a larger balance sheet partially offset by a decrease in the net interest margin. Average loans grew by $2.6 billion or 6%. Commercial and industrial loans grew by 4%, auto loans grew by 40% and residential mortgage loans grew by 8%. One item to note is that average commercial and industrial loan growth was negatively impacted by the $600 million reclassification that we made from loans to investment securities at the end of 2013. Average investment security balances grew $1.9 billion or 20%, as we prepare for the new Basel III liquidity coverage requirements. The net interest margin for the quarter was 3.27%, a decrease of 15 basis points from the year-ago quarter. The 15 basis point decrease resulted from a change in mix and yield of our earning assets, partially offset by lower funding costs. Noninterest income was $248 million, a decrease of $8 million or 3% from the year-ago quarter. Mortgage banking income decreased by $22 million, or 49%. The year-ago quarter also included a $9 million gain on sale of low income housing tax credit investments, partially offsetting these items were higher security gains, service charges on deposit accounts and electronic banking fees. Security gains for the quarter were $17 million. In preparation for the January 2015, LCR requirements, we sold securities that were not qualified for liquidity coverage and reinvested into high quality liquid assets. The securities we sold had a fairly short remaining life, nearly all had a duration of less than two years and we would have seen more than 70% of this quarters gains, flow through its net interest income by the end of this year. Service charges on deposits increased $4 million, and electronic banking fees increased $3 million over the year-ago quarter. Noninterest expense was $460 million, an increase of $17 million or 4% from the year-ago quarter. The increase resulted from $22 million of significant items. Significant items in the quarter were $13 million of one-time merger-related expenses for the Camco acquisition and a $9 million increase in litigation reserves. Steve will cover OCR later in the presentation. Turning to Slide 7, I will cover credit trends later in the presentation. the provision expense was $25 million, a decrease of $5 million or 17% from the year-ago quarter due to improvement in our credit quality. Capital continues to be strong. at the end of the quarter, our tangible common equity ratio was 8.63%, down 28 basis points from the year ago and our Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio at 10.63% was close to the year-ago levels. Slide 8 has a few additional first quarter highlights. First, Mac McCullough joined Huntington as our new CFO. Steve will provide a fuller introduction in a few minutes. Second, we closed and successfully converted the Camco acquisition. Third, last week we announced the acquisition of 11 branches in Michigan from Bank of America. We also received a no objection from the Federal Reserve for our proposed capital actions under CCAR. Side 9 is a summary of our quarterly earnings trends and key performance metrics. Slide 10 is a summary of the notable items that impact a comparison of the current quarter with the year-ago quarter. I covered most of these items in my previous comments. Slide 11 displays the trends in our net interest income and margin. Net interest income increased $13 million from the year-ago quarter. The net interest margin decreased 15 basis points due to a 22 basis point change from the mix in yield of our earning assets, partially offset by a 7 basis point reduction in funding costs. Having to add so many high quality liquid assets hurt the margin, but the larger pressure remains the competitive environment and fixed-rate loans renewing at current market yields. The right side of Slide 12 shows our deposit mix. On the left side of this slide, you will see the maturity schedule of our CD book, which represents a potential opportunity to continue to lower deposit costs as about $2.3 billion of CDs are maturing in the next 12 months at an average rate of 78 basis points and new CDs are currently coming out between 30 and 40 basis points. Slide 13 shows the trends in capital. The Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio decreased from 10.90% at December 31, 2013 to 10.63% at March 31, 2014. The decrease was due to balance sheet growth and share repurchases. They were partially offset by retained earnings and the stock issued in the Camco acquisition. During the first quarter of 2014, we repurchased 14.6 million shares of stock at an average price of $9.32. This completed the repurchase of $227 million of stock over the last four quarters. Yesterday, our Board authorized a new repurchase of up to $250 million of stock over the next four quarters that weve included as part of our most recent capital plan. Slide 14 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit quality continues to show steady improvement and is in line with our expectation. Net charge-offs fell to 40 basis points well within our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points. Loans past due greater than 90 days remain very well controlled at 22 basis points and have been at a similar level over the last year. The nonaccrual loan ratio fell very slightly, while the nonperforming asset ratio experienced a modest increase due to the addition of $12 million of nonperforming assets from Camco. The criticized asset ratio continued to fall as the quarter saw a reduction from 4.49% to 3.78%.
 : Reviewing Slide 16, the loan loss provision of $25 million was relatively unchanged from the prior quarter that was $18 million less than net charge-offs of $43 million. Overall asset quality improvement resulted in a reduction in the ACL for loan ratio from 1.65% last quarter to 1.56%. The ratio of ACL to nonaccrual loans fell modestly from 221% to 211%. We believe these coverage levels remain adequate and appropriate.
 : Let me turn the presentation over to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you, Dave. Our Fair Play banking philosophy coupled with our Optimal Customer Relationship or OCR continues to drive new customer growth and increases in product penetration. This slide recaps the continued upward trend in consumer checking. This is Slide 17. Over the last year, consumer checking account households grew by 94,000 households or 7%. In the last quarter, the annualized growth rate was over 10%, but about a third of those households were from the Camco transaction that closed in March. The mid-to-high single-digit pace remains in line with the expectations we set nearly four years ago. Over this last year, weve continued to focus on increase in the number of products and services we provide to those customers and the corresponding revenue. The charts that youre accustomed to see are in the appendix that the broader takeaway is that the strategy continues to drive in new customers and we are establishing deeper relationships. Turning to Slide 18, the new commercial relationships over the last, the net new growth was 2.6% as there are 4,000 new commercial customers banking with Huntington. Youll see that the last quarter had very limited growth and that tie directly to some changes that weve made in our business banking checking products, which accelerated the closing of lower balance business checking accounts and we expect some additional closings throughout the remainder of the year. Our underlying growth with new business customers is strong. The customers that remain with Huntington have deeper relationships, the percentage of commercial customers with four plus products and services increased by 2% since December of last year.
 : Customers in particular businesses are feeling better than they did a year ago. Competition continues to be tough and weve continued to selectively reduce large corporate portfolio, but our middle market especially verticals and auto lending businesses continue to see solid growth and strong pipelines. Auto loan originations volume remains good and had attractive yield of around 3%, the rest of the loan portfolio is expected to grow modestly and investment securities will continue to be rolled in the OCR compliant high liquidity assets. NIMs expected to be under continued pressure, but we expect net interest income to grow. Noninterest income excluding the net MSR impact and security gains is expected to be slightly lower than the seasonally low first quarter. As we commented on in January, we continue to refine our consumer checking products and in July, well make a change that we expect to negatively impact fee income by around $6 million per quarter. This approximate impact was in our previous expectations. Now putting these two items together, we expected total revenue to grow. Continued to the next page, noninterest expense including Significant Items will have some quarterly volatility as second quarter sees the full impact of Camco and this years peak marketing expense along with the annual merit increase that occurs in May. The overall message remains that weve remained diligent on controlling expenses and are committed to delivering full year operating leverage.
 : Turning to Slide 20, and as youve heard me say, were committed to positive operating leverage for the year. This slide lays out the results for the year-to-date and our adjusted total revenue is up about 2%. Adjusted expenses were down 1.6% its too early in the year to claim our victory on operating leverage, but we wanted to provide with you an update to our progress. Before I turn it back to Todd for Q&A, Im very pleased to introduce our recently appointed CFO, Howell McCullough that I think many of you know him as Mac, and well be referring to Mac as we go forward. And some of you would know him through his role of Chief Strategy Officer at U.S. Bank, which by the way is a bank I admire for their consistency of results and disciplined approach to growth. And he is a great fit for us here at Huntington, Mac although, he earned his MBA from Wharton, he did his undergraduate degree from The Ohio State University and having grown up from in Columbus, he knows our markets well. That brings with him a commitment to customer advocacy, which has been a hallmark of Huntington since it was founded, he also has expertise in revenue growth, expense management and innovation, all these attributes were seeking to take to the next  take Huntington to the next level. So, Ill close with a thank you to Dave Anderson, our Controller, did a super job stepping in as interim CFO, along with the accounting and finance teams, which all did outstanding job for the last year. Dave filled that interim CFO role wonderfully. So with that, back to you, Todd.
Todd Beekman: Tracy, well now take questions. And I ask as a courtesy to your peers, each person ask one question and one related follow-up. for additional questions, he or she can go back to the queue. Thank you.
Operator:
 :
Kevin J. St. Pierre  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a bit more about the changes to the consumer checking accounts, its almost a 10% hit to the service charges. could you talk  tell us what those changes are?
Stephen D. Steinour: Were going to be making a couple of changes, Kevin. first, were going to allow all of our customers to transact up to midnight to cover any overdraft charges by making transfers again, through midnight in any of our channels, ATM, phone bank, digital whatever channel access they have. and then secondly, were making an adjustment to how we post debit items. its a bit involved, but it will work to the consumers to our customers advantage, and I think give us even more transparency around that, as we go forward.
Kevin J. St. Pierre  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: So, is it something that you would  is it something that you would anticipate that boost to the brands of the Fair Play strategy, and then youll be able to leverage this a bit?
Stephen D. Steinour: We certainly think its completely in line with our Fair Play strategy, and will be helpful to us. I would point, Kevin, last year, we made a $30 million reduction in overdraft fees related to posting order changes, $30 million approximately. but as you saw the results for the year, the actual service charge fees were up about 6%. So were getting signals that our customers and our ability to attract new customers really appreciate this Fair Play approach. and so thats in part why we decided to continue to roll out differentiating positions with our checking product.
Kevin J. St. Pierre  Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks very much.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC & Co. LLC: Great, thanks. First, really quick question on the reclassification of the loans and the securities was the 600 also the impact on average balances, such that if we had average of the 600 to the average, I think loan growth was up about 2.0%. Is that the right way to think about it?
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes, it is. We reclassified $600 million at the end of December and then throughout the quarter as we got, we originated new assets, the balance increased about $673 million. but I think youre doing the math right.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And that was all in the commercial line, the C&I line.
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes. It came out of C&I, and went into available-for-sale securities.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, perfect. And then just the follow-up question on the expense line, obviously comp was I guess very well controlled this quarter. Can you just run through the ups and downs? I think you have the merit increases in May, you had seasonally higher payroll taxes this quarter, and I know you have the pension expense or curtailment, I guess, when we sort of net that out and we should  were sort of at a broadly sustainable level, or do we take up in second quarter and then Im just wondering how sustainable this level of comp expense is? Thanks.
Stephen D. Steinour: I mean we will see a merit increase in May. we obviously continue to manage expense as well. but we will see that impact in May as weve signaled.
David S. Anderson: Ken, youll also see some increased marketing, our marketing tends to be seasonal. and so that that will be an increase. and then finally, the Camco acquisition was brought in  brought on late in the first quarter. so that that will have some overheads associated with it as well. But thats been part of whats been in the expectations, frankly all of those has been in terms of the expectations and the Camco, there is the revenue as well.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it, okay. thank you very much.
Stephen D. Steinour: Okay.
David S. Anderson: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Tom M. Shearer  Jefferies LLC: Yes. Hi, this is Tom Shearer in for Ken. just want to see if I can get a little more color on loan growth within categories. we saw CRE pick up a little bit here. Is that sort of more of a function of lower runoffs, or are we actually seeing a base set in here, or how should we think about growth in that category and others going forward?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. I think this is Dan. On CRE, we are seeing a pickup of activity, I think there has been the opportunities, multifamily retail, were seeing more properties change hands. So I do think that over the last couple of quarters, weve seen more opportunities there, thats within the profile were looking for.
Stephen D. Steinour: But Tom, to try and answer you more broadly, weve had a very good quarter in terms of broad-based growth, weve had growth in our middle market, our small business, a number of our verticals, healthcare, food and ag et cetera. So very broad-based. our large corporate book actually came in a little bit again, in the first quarter as I did through last year. and so I think this is a reflection of the economy and our footprint doing well, and the investments that weve made in these verticals and other businesses continuing to mature.
Tom M. Shearer  Jefferies LLC: Great, thanks. And just a quick cleanup on the share account, we saw the period end down, but the average slightly up. How should we think about that going forward?
Stephen D. Steinour: We had the Camco acquisition in there.
Tom M. Shearer  Jefferies LLC: Right.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: And the majority of the shares that we repurchased in the first quarter or after Camco, were in a  we were required to stay on the market for a while, but most of the activity happened later in March.
Tom M. Shearer  Jefferies LLC: Okay. Great, thanks.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill and Partners.
Scott Siefers  Sandler ONeill & Partners LP:  Good morning, guys.
Stephen D. Steinour:  Good morning, Scott.
Scott Siefers  Sandler ONeill & Partners LP:  Steve, I was just hoping you could touch a little more on just the notion of positive operating leverage. You guys made it last year. It looks like youll be able to do it again, this year. But I guess absent any additional securities gains for example, the spread between revenue growth and expenses might start to narrow if Im interpreting the guidance correct. So you can still do it, but it will be kind of very modest operating leverage. When and how do you see that gap expanding more materially? Is it that 2015 is the year where it really kind of shines through and that you will have kind of a full year of no need to do investment spending on the branch build out, or how should we really think about that dynamic from your perspective?
David S. Anderson:  This is Dave. Scott, I think that we think about the future, were obviously having very good success in growing loans this quarter. we expect that to continue into 2014 and 2015. So that will help us. We talked about the factor were still expecting the net interest income line to continue to grow. Our supermarket strategy, we expect it to break-even by the end of this year. So that will help us obviously from the positive operating leverage. And we are sensitive to short-term interest rates, a large percentage of our book is LIBOR-based, and our projections on interest rates will help as interest rates move up on the short part of the curve, that will help us as well.
Stephen D. Steinour:  So none of our investments are mature. Scott, credit card for example was end of third quarter last year. Theres a variety of areas that well continue to attribute and we come into the second quarter of the strong pipeline, much like we told you year-end, we came in to the first quarter with a strong pipeline. We would expect that to continue. We like the activities and the focus that we have going on throughout the company. So the execution is getting better. You think about that first quarter at least in our geography, not that we want to provide weather reports, but there were clear weather impacts into some of the results. So more to do, weve got frankly a lot of ambitions and  but we think we had a good quarter and a trend now with pipeline and backlog in activities to be confident as we come into the second quarter.
Scott Siefers  Sandler ONeill & Partners LP:  Okay, good. Thats helpful, and I appreciate the color. And then I guess just as a follow-up, I want to make sure, I understand the loan growth dynamic correctly. Because of the Camco transaction, theres a little bit more of a gap than is typical between your end-of-period and average balances. And then the accounting change that you did end of last quarter doesnt necessarily help I guess. So its just almost as simple as thinking the end-of-period, which is, I guess more of a double-digit annualized growth rate is just a much better proxy for what we should be expecting for overall loan growth than the more modest annualized growth if you just did the average numbers?
Stephen D. Steinour:  Well. At the end-of-period, wed pick up Camco.
Scott Siefers  Sandler ONeill & Partners LP: Yes.
Stephen D. Steinour: So that would  that could be misleading if you just took a spot and not an average. But we had pretty good growth throughout the quarter. it ramped a bit, but it got a little better during the quarter. but it wasnt back-end loaded. So the  as we come into this quarter, we get essentially the same kind of pipeline to work with and to help you that the Camco loan portfolio is about $500 million of business and consumer.
Scott Siefers  Sandler ONeill & Partners LP: Yes, okay. So maybe, just taking that out of the end-of-period is probably a pretty good proxy then for the kind of growth rate we could see going forward, it sounds like.
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes, we can see, youve got a couple of weeks in it, but thats all.
Scott Siefers  Sandler ONeill & Partners LP:  Yes. Okay. All right, thats perfect. I appreciate the time.
Stephen D. Steinour:  Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Daniel M. Delmoro  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Hey guys, you have Dan Delmoro [from Matts team] (ph). Just a quick follow-up on C&I loan growth. Your outlook points to higher customer activity and some of the benefits from investments in your verticals. I just want to get a sense for how utilization rates trended throughout the quarter, and what you guys have been seeing in terms of pricing in terms in the space? Another regional bank pointed to some frothiness in the CRE space. So I wanted to see if you guys are seeing that as well. 
Daniel J. Neumeyer:  Yes. This is Dan. So, in terms of utilization it has been flat, which is actually a positive because weve seen a couple of year trend of decreasing utilization. So, we believe thats leveled out and maybe pointed to an uptick, but definitely a change in direction there in the flattening. In terms of frothiness in the market, yes nothing has changed from last quarter, the market is as competitive as ever. And CRE in particular, yes, its more aggressive, but given where  we have pretty modest growth targets there. So we are able to pretty much take on the credit that fits our profile and still withholding to loan-to-value debt service coverage ratios et cetera. The stress has been more on term and recourse, but the disciplines of debt service coverage and LTVs have held up well. And so, we like what we are adding to the book.
Stephen D. Steinour:  And as weve talked about before, we have concentration limits in place for a variety of our loan portfolios. But, we tend to articulate it around Commercial Real Estate as a concentration limit on these calls and the analyst sessions just to point out them.
Daniel M. Delmoro  Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey with FBR.
Bob H. Ramsey  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Hey, good morning guys. Just want to touch a little bit more on expenses, it sounded in the intro comments as if the expectations are not materially different, but when I read the guidance, it says you expect a slight increase from this quarters level. I think last quarter you had said flattish around the second half of 2013, which was the same as this quarter. So, are you expecting a little bit higher expenses now than before or am I just getting too detailed?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: 
 :
Bob H. Ramsey  FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  No. That there is high and then you have highlighted several unusual items in our anyway seasonal pipe items in the second quarter. Can you give us a sense of the magnitude of increase in the second quarter from the merit advertising in Camco acquisition all together?
David S. Anderson:  Yes. This is Dave. Unfortunately, we did not give that type of guidance.
Stephen D. Steinour: We just stay away from line item guidance.
Bob H. Ramsey  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay.
Stephen D. Steinour: But [good point] (ph) for asking, nice try.
Bob H. Ramsey  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then last question, I'll ask you guys sort of about the expenses and the positive operating leverages. You guys map it out on Slide 20. You make adjustments for the litigation and merger expenses, which is fair, but didn't back up the security gains this quarter. When you all think about positive operating leverage, do you think about security gains as a piece of that? 
Stephen D. Steinour:
 :
 :
 :
Bob H. Ramsey  FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Stephen D. Steinour:  These investments were short in duration.
Bob H. Ramsey  FBR Capital Markets & Co.:  Thanks. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey, everyone.
Stephen D. Steinour: Good morning.
Steven A. Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Steve, regarding the change in Fair Play coming in July, what drove the decision to give more customers more time to get funds into their account. Was it any pressure from CFPB or just feedback from customers if 24 hours is not enough time?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, this is has nothing to do with CFPB. We were thinking about it as we came into the New Year as a way of sort of strengthening the positioning around Fair Play and as we saw last year, again with a posting order to change service charges were actually up during the course of the year, so and good growth in customers. So were still learning, were still testing, we still get  we seek and access customer feedback and the collective sense or judgment of the team was actually entirely consistent with the Fair Play approach, but we think also a good business in terms of  to get further strengthening Fair Play and uniqueness of 24-Hour Grace. In 24-Hour Grace, the vast majority of our customers never overdraw, but they all show a very strong emotional appeal around it when we survey. So well  so we thought it was a logical next step for us.
Steven A. Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Securities LLC: But do you think it's enough of a change to drive incremental share versus the 24 hours? 
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it could be helpful to us in terms of both growth in customers, but also a share of wallet. We continue to refine our efforts around share of wallet.
Steven A. Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Just a question regarding compliance with liquidity coverage ratio, whats the approximate dollar balance of higher liquid securities that you still need to add and whats the timing to get there? Thanks.
Stephen D. Steinour: So the overall portfolio, the securities portfolio is the absolute level today, is about the level it needs to be and as we look over the course of the year of the principal and interest of the non-qualified that roll through, well reinvest that back into qualifying assets and on target to be there by the end of the year. So weve said that its about $100 million, $125 million a month in interest and amortization. And so that will cycle now throughout the year. We do have some legacy assets that would not be high qualified, and so that may continue to be a modest amount of substitution, but as weve said in the year-end call we wanted to get the portfolio positioned in aggregate during the fourth quarter for a number of reasons, including the potential scarcity of some of the product we were looking for.
Steven A. Alexopoulos  JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you. So just remixing the rest of the year should be enough. Okay thank you.
Stephen D. Steinour: I think so. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig W. Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Hey, thanks good morning.
Stephen D. Steinour: Good morning, Craig.
Craig W. Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: So just a follow-up to the last question on the LCR. On the funding side, should we expect any additional run-off of collateralized municipal deposits? And I'm wondering, did anything on the liability side related to LCR drive the consumer pricing changes that we should expect in July? 
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the decisions in July around our Fair Play philosophy had nothing do with LCR. In fact until you mentioned it, I hadn't thought of it in that context. So that's how remote it was. We had been working over the last year, year and a half to adjust collateralized deposits, and certainly as we see final guidance come out we may further reduce or adjust them, but weve made meaningful progress during that period of time. And we may have some other approaches to it, home loan Bank, LCD or other things for very meaningful relationships. Deeply crustal, significant treasury management and things like that that we choose to protect. Dont see it as a huge issue for us at this point, Craig.
Craig W. Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse Securities LLC: And then on your prior comment, you mentioned $125 million per month that you're going to reinvest from the securities portfolio into Ginnies. That nets to $1.5 billion. Should we think about that roughly as the increase over the next 12 months? And then the delta when you think about NIM is maybe a 20 basis point difference between the average Fannie/Freddie security and Ginnie? 
Stephen D. Steinour: We didnt mean to imply further growth in that portfolio. This is normal and monthly interest and if you will, principal repayment or amortization of the existing portfolio that we would look to reinvest to hold the portfolio at roughly the $11 billion level that its at today.
Craig W. Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  So, Steve, so you hold it at $11 billion, but there's a $1.5 billion mix shift from the Fannie and Freddie portion to the Ginnie portion. And the net I think interest income delta on that is maybe 20 basis points because the Ginnies are yielding something lower. That was kind of my quick math. 
Stephen D. Steinour: But its not all coming out of Fannie/Freddie to be sure, and its got a variety of coupons around it and the durations maybe a little different as we look at reinvest. We do not intend to take a lot of market risk and we havent in the last five years, but so weve a number of things to work with, I wouldnt do the 20 bps Craig, but we dont try and provide specific guidance. So just in that context, I think you did a bit severe.
Craig W. Siegenthaler  Credit Suisse Securities LLC:  Okay. Great thanks for the color Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Nash with Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey good morning guys.
Stephen D. Steinour: Good morning.
Ryan M. Nash  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just a question on the buyback strategy. When we think about the repurchases that occurred over the past couple of quarters, you guys flowed the buybacks for two quarters. Granted I understand that there was impact from Camco, and then you obviously completed the offering this quarter when you billed back $136 million. So can you just help, as we think about the $250 million approval that you got for this year, can you help us understand the philosophy from here? I know there was a lot of talk around sensitivity above tangible book value. Is that still the main primary factor in determining whether or not you're going to  how aggressive you are and or is it the fact that you're continuing to generate capital at a pretty fast pace that you want to prevent the capital base from growing? So, any color you could provide on that would be helpful?
Stephen D. Steinour: Let me start broadly with that Ryan if we could. First of all, we think we have a strong capital position. Were sitting with excess capital today. And our approach has been grow the course as the capital there to support growth, secondly, to support dividend and third, for other activities, buyback, M&A, et cetera. In that context as we talked about the year-end earnings, we had a number of discussions at Board management about buyback approach and we refined or adjusted that approach which we communicated, certainly attempted to communicate at the year-end call. And so there are a number of additional factors than just a tangible book value that we are looking at. We havent gone into those in great detail, but we have refined our thinking, broadened it quite a bit and that remains consistent as we go from first quarter now into second. And Dave pointed out we had this little hiatus around the Camco acquisition thats required, but other than that executed against that refined approach during the first quarter. So we carry that approach into the second quarter and beyond, I guess, its second through first quarter with the CCAR approval.
Ryan M. Nash  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And I guess just a question on auto. I notice that you've  maybe I'm looking too far into this. I noticed in the release you are no longer stating that you won't be doing any auto securitizations. And I think the wording in the outlook around indirect auto loan growth changed slightly. Has your thinking  has pricing changed at all for loan sales such that the economics make more sense to consider? Is there anything LCR-driven that has changed your outlook, or is it just that you're seeing improving loan growth in other areas such that you don't need as much auto loan growth to support balance sheet growth? 
Stephen D. Steinour: When we entered the year, we tried to communicate that we did not anticipate an auto securitization this year that we had room under our concentration limit that would take us into 2015. And like the asset yield and other risk dimensions of autos versus alternative investments, and that thinking hasnt changed and wasnt a function of LCR.
Ryan M. Nash  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. If I could sneak in one other quick one, Steve. Given that your original fee income guidance did contemplate the $6 million quarterly decline in service charges, and you highlighted the fact that, despite last year's policy changes, you were able to grow service charges 6%. So my question is there still enough momentum in the fee income line, given the things that you're doing in Fair Play, that we could actually end up seeing core fee income growth, or are the policy changes along with the decline of mortgage still too hard to overcome?
Stephen D. Steinour:  Well, as weve said in the full year outlook, net interest income will be up, will swim through whatever margin compression, fee income will be modestly down if not flat, trying to overcome mortgage, the mortgage position. But when we gave that earning outlook, we had contemplated the decision that were sharing today around further adjustments to the overdrive line item and so the overall guidance doesnt change. Were consistent with that and so the combination of those factors and managing expenses will put us inline with what we originally said.
Ryan M. Nash  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great and thank you for taking my questions.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Hey guys thanks, good morning.
Stephen D. Steinour: Good morning, Jon.
Jon G. Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Good morning, Mac.
Howell D. McCullough III: Good morning, Jon.
Jon G. Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets, LLC:  Welcome to Huntington. 
Stephen D. Steinour:
 :
Jon G. Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Yes. It's not the same here without Mac in town. Just a little more granular on the commercial lending, I'm particularly interested in the customer outlook for borrowing among the manufacturers and also their appetite for CapEx borrowing. 
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes. I would say its improving, I think there is  we havent seen huge changes yet, but I do think theres a developing confidence out there and more potentially to look at capital investment, I think it shows up in our middle market loan growth in our equipment finance loan growth. So I do think there are signs of that developing confidence and I think that helps form our outlook for the balance of the year.
Jon G. Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. And then just to follow-up on that, in terms of your specialty verticals, how is the  I have to get the name right  but the foreign subsidiary business going? Are you seeing increase in activity there?
David S. Anderson: We are seeing some activity; the thing we like about our verticals is that the growth is coming from all of them. were not relying on any one to kind of outperform. Were seeing traction starting to develop in all of them, and foreign non-subs is a contributor. it is not huge, but we are starting from kind of ground zero. So we like the developing pipeline there and what weve added to the book thus far. 
Stephen D. Steinour: Jon when we talk about investments not mature, these specialty businesses or verticals, none of them are mature. And weve been doing this now for a number of years. we did three at the end of 2012, but there were a series of them before. they all have growth potential for us and theyre all coming on.
Jon G. Arfstrom  RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. thank you. 
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Long with Raymond James.
David J. Long  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey guys, its Dave Long.
Stephen D. Steinour: Hey, Dave.
David J. Long  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Just the one question that I still have remaining was regarding the expectations, Steve, and you talked about expectations for net interest income to grow moderately and noninterest income and expenses to be slightly higher from the current levels. Just to confirm, does that include the impact of Camco then, or is that simply looking at it organically?
Stephen D. Steinour: Thats the organic, but we also have enrolled Camco into that.
David J. Long  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. so Camco is built into the  that sort of guidance if you want to call it back.
Stephen D. Steinour: Camco is included.
David J. Long  Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Got you, okay. thats all I have  that I have got left. Thanks guys.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you, Dave.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sameer Gokhale with Janney Capital.
Sameer Gokhale  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Hi, thank you. Just I know you didnt want to give any sort of specific guidance on the OpEx impact from Camco for full quarter in Q2, but could you  maybe, youve already mentioned this, sorry if I missed it. But what was the actual impact on OpEx this quarter from Camco for roughly a month or so?
Stephen D. Steinour: I dont think weve broken it out, its not material. Its $500 million in loan, $600 million in deposits, net of 11 branches, so were not trying to  its just not material.
Sameer Gokhale  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC:  Okay, thats fair. I was just thinking that might help a little bit with Q2, but it doesnt sound like a big number, so thats fine. And the other question was a again, relatively small number, but your litigation reserve charge of $9 million. Can you just give a sense of what that ties into, this new litigation or existing litigation that you reserve for?
David S. Anderson: this is Dave. as in the past, we just dont comment on litigation matters.
Sameer Gokhale  Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Okay. Well, those are the two questions I had. Thank you.
David S. Anderson: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Geoffrey Elliott with Autonomous Research.
Geoffrey Elliott  Autonomous Research LLP: Hello. Just a quick question on the changes to the deposit service charges, what is the working youve done around how long you think this is expected to take for those to become earnings positive, so you recover what you lose in the service charges and other fees or other revenue?
Stephen D. Steinour: We havent taken it at an account level in terms of what were prepared to share this morning. we have seen a fair amount of the elasticity around customer behavior, as we made adjustments last year, for example and so that has been given us an ability to model it and perhaps in some unique ways about the consumer behavior. Remember, our approach has been customer acquisition and share of wallet and I would increasingly, the focus for us is around revenue based share of wallet. and youll hear us talk about that more commonly as we go forward.
Geoffrey Elliott  Autonomous Research LLP: And then how much that you think there is to go on these fee initiatives and initiatives to become more customer-friendly, I mean youve done quite a bit already. Do you think there is a lot more that you can do or you could think any further initiatives are going to be kind of small and incremental?
Stephen D. Steinour: While we test and learn, and as we said, we survey and get feedback, there is nothing large on the horizon at this point, and I wouldnt say never, but its not obvious to us what or when we might do something else now. so I think for purposes of modeling, certainly through the rest of this year, there is not another wave of activity that were contemplating.
Geoffrey Elliott  Autonomous Research LLP: Thanks very much.
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ill turn the call back over to Steve for closing comments.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you very much. So we think we had a solid start to the year. were grateful for your interest today, keep in your way above 1% was  is an objective and although it depressed a bit as we built the securities designed to meet the new liquidity rules. were pleased with results. The customer activity in particular, thats translated into balance sheet growth, bodes well for us as we move forward. The Camco acquisition closing integration, doing that smoothly was a nice step along with this recently announced branch acquisition in Michigan. So each one of these, while not being significant, they add a bit to the balance sheet, 1% or so to the balance sheet, and while not being particularly significant. they do help us strengthen us over time, give us more density, and deliver modest improvements in our efficiency ratios. So were going to continue to execute [Technical Difficulty]

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Beekman - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations David S. Anderson - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Controller Daniel J. Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank
Analysts: Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Ebrahim H. Poonawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, everyone. My name is Sarah, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome you all to the Huntington Bancshares Incorporated Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to our host, Mr. Todd Beekman. You may begin your conference.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Sarah, and welcome. I'm Todd Beekman, the Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides that we'll be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington-ir.com. This call is also being recorded and will be available for rebroadcast starting about an hour after the call. Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures, and in that regard, I direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation within the presentation, the additional earnings-related material released this morning and in our 8-K filed today, all which can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 4. Today's discussion, including the Q&A period, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to change, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, the material we filed with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now turning to today's presentation. As noted on Slide 5, participants are: Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Dave Anderson, Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer. Let's get started. Slide 6.
David S. Anderson: Thank you, Todd. I will review our 2013 fourth quarter and full year financial results. Then, Dan will provide an update on credit. Finally, Steve will give an update on household and commercial relationship growth, as well as expectations for 2014. Turning to Slide 7. 2013 was a solid year for Huntington. For the full year, we reported net income of $639 million or $0.72 per common share. This resulted in a 1.13% return on average assets and a 12% return on average tangible common equity. Fully tax equivalent revenue was $2.7 billion, a decrease of $99 million or 3% from last year. Net interest income increased $1 million. The net interest margin was 3.36% for 2013, which is consistent with our guidance that NIM would be in the mid-3.30s for the full year. Total average loans grew by 4%, primarily due to growth in commercial and industrial loans, as well as auto. Average commercial and industrial loans grew by $1.2 billion or 8%. Average auto loans grew by $1.2 billion or 25% because we have kept more of these loans on our balance sheet instead of selling them through securitizations. Commercial Real Estate loans declined $0.8 billion or 13%, but as we've been signaling for the last several quarters, the portfolio ended the year at just under $5 billion and is expected to stabilize. Noninterest income declined $100 million or 9%. Mortgage banking income was down $64 million, and gains on sale of loans were down $40 million due to no auto securitizations in 2013. Service charges increased $10 million in 2013 despite a decrease of $28 million due to a change that we made in February on posting order for our consumer transaction accounts. Noninterest expense declined $78 million or 4% from last year. If you adjust for the $34 million of significant items, noninterest expense declined by $44 million or 2%. This decrease was primarily due to lower marketing, deposit and other insurance, professional services and other expense. Other expense declined because of lower mortgage repurchase and warranty and OREO and foreclosure expenses. We continue to focus on controlling expenses as we make prudent investments for the future. Steve will provide additional details later in the call, but you can see that our Optimal Customer Relationship, or OCR methodology, is working. Consumer household and commercial relationships continue to grow in 2013 at a pace well above that of our regional footprint. And importantly, customers are building deeper relationships with Huntington. Let's turn to Slide 8. Dan will cover credit in more detail later in the call, but on Slide 8, you can see that credit quality improved in 2013. Nonaccrual loans decreased $86 million or 21% from the end of 2012. Net charge-offs were $189 million or 45 basis points in 2013 as compared to $342 million or 85 basis points in 2012. Our capital continues to be strong. At the end of 2013, the Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio was 10.90%, and tangible common equity ratio was 8.83%. I will now discuss the 2013 fourth quarter financial results as compared to the 2013 third quarter. Net income for the fourth quarter was $158 million or $0.18 per common share as compared to $178 million or $0.20 per common share in the third quarter. As you may recall, the third quarter included 2 significant items: The pension curtailment gain of $34 million; and branch closure and other restructuring costs of $70 million. The fourth quarter also had $7 million of additional branch closure and other restructuring costs. If you adjust for these significant items, net income and earnings per share were very similar between the third and the fourth quarter. Fully tax equivalent revenue for the fourth quarter was $685 million or an increase of $3 million compared to the third quarter. Net interest income increased $7 million. The increase in net interest income was due to a larger balance sheet. On a linked-quarter basis, average loans increased by 11%, while average core deposits at a linked-quarter basis increased by 9%. Loan growth accelerated in the second half of 2013 as compared to the first half. We've also increased average investment securities in the fourth quarter. The net interest margin declined 6 basis points to 3.28% in the fourth quarter. Noninterest income declined $4 million, primarily due to lower deposit service charges. Mortgage banking income for the fourth quarter was $24 million, which was close to our expected quarterly revenue of $25 million for the mortgage business. Noninterest expense increased $23 million in the fourth quarter. If you adjust noninterest expense for the $24 million of significant items across both quarters, which I previously discussed, noninterest expense was essentially flat for the last 2 quarters. Noninterest expense in the fourth quarter was $446 million. As I previously mentioned, the fourth quarter included $7 million of branch closure and other restructuring costs. If you adjust for this significant item, noninterest expense was below $440 million in the fourth quarter. Included on Slide 9 are some highlights that I would like to mention. In the fourth quarter, we purchased $1.9 billion of investment securities in advance of the Basel III liquidity coverage requirements. At the end of 2013, we reclassified $600 million of direct purchase municipal instruments from C&I loans to available-for-sale investment securities on our balance sheet. Huntington was the second-largest SBA lender in the nation during the fourth quarter, moving up 1 spot from our #3 rating for the full year. There are a number of awards listed in the last bullet point on this slide, but the most recent was that Huntington was named the Top Performing Bank, over $50 billion in the nation by Bank Director Magazine. One additional item that I would like to discuss is the impact of the Volcker Rule on our TruPS CDO portfolio. At December 31, 2013, we had investments in 10 different pools of trust-preferred securities. Eight of our pools are included on the nonexclusive list that are exempt from the Volcker Rule that the Federal Banking Agency released in an interim rule on Tuesday. We have analyzed the other 2 pools that were not included on the list and believe that we will be able to continue to own these investments under the Volcker Rule. Slide 10 is a summary of our quarterly earnings trends and key performance metrics. While this is a great snapshot of our recent trends, many items were discussed elsewhere, so I will move on to the next slide. On Slide 11, we show the breakdown of operating leverage for 2013. In this slide, we measure the percentage change in revenue and expenses, adjusted for significant items and for volatility for MSR, auto securitizations and last year's bargain purchase gain from the Fidelity acquisition. For 2013, we delivered on our commitment and recorded positive operating leverage. The economy started the year much weaker than we expected, so we made adjustments throughout the year. We continue to be committed to delivering positive operating leverage in 2014. Slide 12 displays the trends of our net interest income and margin. The right side of this slide shows a 6-basis-point decline in our net interest margin in the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter. There are a few items worth noting that drive this change. Beyond the regular pressure we have been experiencing on loan repricing due to the competitive environment, there are a number of items that reduced NIM by about 1 basis point each. We added $1.9 billion of investment securities in the fourth quarter. One-month LIBOR was lower in the fourth quarter, and derivative income was lower on our commercial book. NIM will be under pressure, but with a larger balance sheet, our outlook is for moderate increase in net interest income in 2014. The right side of Slide 13 shows the improvement in our deposit mix. The improved deposit mix reflects the success of our Fair Play banking strategy on remixing and growing consumer and commercial, no and low-cost deposits. The improving mix has contributed to the 10-basis-point decline in the average rate paid on total deposits over the last 5 quarters. On the left side of the slide, you will see the maturity schedule of our CD book, which represents a potential opportunity for continuing to lower deposit costs, as about $2.6 billion of CDs are rolling off at an average rate of 95 basis points, and new CDs are coming out between 20 and 40 basis points. Related to these last 2 slides, please refer to Slide 40, which provides additional granularity on the breakout of fixed versus variable assets and liabilities. Slide 14 provides a summary of the income statement for the last 5 quarters. I covered the quarterly changes in my previous comments. We will continue to focus on expenses and have changed the pace and level of investment to deliver on our positive operating leverage commitment. Finally, Slide 15 shows the trends in capital. The tangible common equity ratio increased 7 basis points over the last year. Tier 1 common risk-based capital increased 42 basis points to 10.90%. We did not do any share repurchases in the fourth quarter. Before we get to Q&A, let me remind you that we are not in a position to talk about our CCAR submission. Let me turn the presentation over to Dan Neumeyer to review credit trends. Dan?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Dave. Slide 16 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit quality showed continued improvement in the quarter, with positive results in all major areas. The net charge-off ratio fell to 43 basis points, well within our long-term target of 35 to 55 basis points. The 43 basis points includes $10.2 million or about 9 basis points related to Chapter 7 bankruptcy loans that were not identified in the 2012 fourth quarter implementation of the OCC's regulatory guidance. During the course of the third and fourth quarters, we conducted a detailed review of all bankruptcy loans and are confident that existing charge-offs relating to the 2012 guidance have been recognized. On a go-forward basis, we expect modest additional charge-offs based on new bankruptcy flow activity. Loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing were lower at 18 basis points, down from 22 basis points the prior quarter. The nonaccrual loan ratio showed continued improvement in the quarter, falling to 75 basis points. The NPA ratio have showed similar improvement, falling from 88 basis points to 82 basis points. Also, the criticized asset ratio decreased from 4.31% to 3.91%. The allowance for loan and lease loss and the allowance for credit loss to loans ratio fell in the quarter from 1.5% and 1.65% respectively, down from 1.57% and 1.72% in the prior quarter, reflecting continued asset quality improvement. The ALLL and ACL coverage ratios both remain healthy. Slide 17 shows the trends in our nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates a continued reduction in our NPAs falling another 6% in the fourth quarter. The chart on the right shows the NPA inflows, which were down modestly in the quarter to 26 basis points of beginning of period loans. We expect a continued positive trend going forward. Slide 18 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. This quarter saw a reduction in inflows, which, combined with loans returning to accruing status, payments and charge-offs, led to a 6% reduction in NPAs in the quarter. For the year, NPAs fell by 21%. Turning to Slide 19, we provide a similar flow analysis of commercial criticized loans. This quarter saw a sizable reduction in criticized inflows, a contrast to the 4% increase in the prior quarter. Given that we are at more normalized levels of criticized assets, some quarter-to-quarter volatility is likely. An increase in upgrades and paydowns combined for a 10% reduction in criticized loans for the quarter. For the year, commercial criticized loans fell 16%. Moving to Slide 20, 30-day commercial loan delinquencies remain steady in the fourth quarter at 48 basis points. 90-day delinquencies fell modestly to 24 basis points and consists solely of Fidelity-purchased impaired loans, which were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain in accruing status. Slide 21 outlines consumer loan delinquencies, which are in line with expectations. 30-day consumer delinquencies showed a modest decrease from the third quarter. Individual consumer categories were somewhat mixed, as home equity delinquencies were flat, residential delinquencies were down, while auto delinquencies showed an increase. 90-day delinquencies remain very well-controlled. Auto and home equity delinquencies were in line with the strong quarterly performance we had seen all year. Residential delinquencies were down noticeably to 5 basis points. Reviewing Slide 22, the loan loss provision of $24.3 million was up from $11.4 million in the prior quarter and was $22.1 million less than net charge-offs. Overall, asset quality improvements resulted in a reduction in the ACL-to-loans ratio of 1.65% compared to 1.72% in the prior quarter. The ratio of ACL to nonaccrual loans was basically flat at 221%. We believe these coverage levels remain adequate and appropriate. In summary, we had a solid credit quarter and are pleased with the results. We remain focused on quality and are disciplined in our new business originations in a very competitive environment. With regard to our metrics, we anticipate the possibility of some continued quarter-to-quarter volatility, but expect overall improvement, including lower criticized loans, lower NPAs, and charge-offs within our longer-term targets. Let me turn the presentation over to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thanks, Dan. Turning to Slide 23. Our Fair Play banking philosophy, coupled with our Optimal Customer Relationship, or OCR, continues to drive new customer growth and strength in product penetration. This slide recaps the continued upward trend in consumer checking account households. For the quarter, consumer checking account households grew by 96,000 households or 8% over the last year. The fourth quarter experienced a normal seasonal slowdown in growth. And since we launched this strategy in 2010, fourth quarters have always been the slowest growth quarter of the year as customers' attentions are obviously elsewhere: Holidays, fewer home purchases, kids returning to schools, et cetera. Because of this, we tend to spend less on marketing in the late fall and early winter, but you also will notice that the full year marketing expense is down $13 million or 20% as we continue to refine our marketing efforts and investments. Over this last year, we've meaningfully increased the number of products and services we provide to these customers. The chart that you're accustomed seeing is in the appendix, but the broader takeaway is the strategy continues to drive new customers and we are establishing deeper relationships. We now have enough managed data to see that our new customers, those that are 2 and 3 years after they have chosen Huntington, have meaningfully higher retention rates. Revenue is down slightly as we continue to see pressure from the operating environment. Turning to Slide 24, commercial relationships grew at a rate of 6% and have increased by 9,000 commercial customers since this time last year. Very early in the year, we had a meaningful focus on growing small business relationships, most of which are handled through the branch network. You can see the impact in the first and second quarters. The second half of the year had more focus on product penetration and maturing these customers, and that's why you see the continued increase in 4-plus cross-sell and revenues up $14 million year-over-year. Now turning to Slide 25. 2013 laid a solid foundation for 2014. The environment in 2013 was different than we thought it would be when we began this journey. The economic interest rate and political environments were more dour and volatile, but that also allowed some of Huntington's strengths to show through. This is a company that can execute. Dave discussed briefly some of the commitments we made this time last year and how we delivered on those commitments. Many of you didn't think positive operating leverage was going to be possible at the mid-year mark, but we ran through our playbook and slowed the pace and scale of our investments. Going into 2014, we built a similar playbook and will, if necessary, adjust. Right now, we're seeing strong momentum as customers seem to have a slightly better mindset as troubles in Washington, D.C. seem to be less of an issue, and the general economic outlook and confidence is more positive. From our year-end customer calls and conversations with CEOs and business owners, there is now definitely more confidence going into 2014 than the prior year. Modest loan growth is expected to continue and know that we will remain disciplined. C&I pipeline remains robust, and we continue to see increases in customer activity, which as you saw this past quarter, not only helps the balance sheet, but also fee income, like capital markets, SBA, loan sales and other income such as loan and leasing fees. Auto loan originations remained strong. 2013 was the best year we've ever had. Originations grew 5%, granted the new car industry grew at nearly 10%, but the industry growth is expected to continue, and we should see a benefit in our originations. We know we will get back into the auto securitization market at some point. But at this time, we aren't expecting any securitizations in 2014, as we have a couple of billion dollars of additional balance sheet capacity. The remainder of loan categories should reflect modest growth. The loan growth, coupled with higher start point for securities, will drive a bigger balance sheet. NIM is expected to be under pressure as competition remains aggressive. Compared to a year ago, we view the rate environment is adding even more pressure as the Fed expects to hold the short-end of the curve low for a while, and the net interest margin is being further diluted by the mix impact of holding additional Basel III Level 1 securities. Even with these negative pressures, the balance sheet growth we expect should result in moderate net interest income growth for the year. Noninterest income is expected to decline slightly, much less than you saw this past year, as mortgage banking income was near-normal levels during the second half and within about $1 million of -- in the fourth quarter of what we expected it to be. We expected continued modest pressure on mortgage income, as we think 2014 will not be a normal year. There's just too much refi volume pulled forward, but we've seen a nice pickup in new purchase mix. The rest of the fee income areas continue to mature, although we may look for continued opportunities to refine our product set under our Fair Play philosophy. Noninterest expense has some noise this year, but the underlying level was lower than the previous year, as we took an active stance around delivering on our commitment of positive operating leverage, a commitment we are extending into 2014. We will deliver positive operating leverage again in 2014. From here, noninterest expense is expected to remain near current levels. The mix will change as we've increased depreciation for past and current investments, but we expect declines in other areas such as our insurance costs, our outside services, and actions we took in the third and fourth quarter will have continuing benefits. On the credit front, NPAs are expected to experience continued improvement. Net charge-offs are in our long-term range of 35 to 50 basis points -- 55 basis points. But provision, while still experiencing credit dividend throughout the year, is likely to increase. And both are expected to continue to experience some volatility given the absolutely low levels. At this point, I want to turn it back to Todd to open for Q&A.
Todd Beekman: Sarah, we'll now take a few questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Quick question, just in terms of the buybacks. Obviously, you didn't buy back any stock this quarter. I think you still have $136 million remaining on last year's CCAR approval. Can you just talk about why you chose not to buy back any stock? And should we expect all the $136 million all to be bought back in this current quarter?
David S. Anderson: Ken, this is Dave. Thank you for the question. We have a very disciplined approach to buying back shares. We look at a number of factors, including the effect on tangible book value. So we -- this is consistent with what we talked about in the third quarter. We didn't do a lot of share repurchases. We continue to look at our capital, and our priority is obviously our core growth, strong dividend, and then everything else, which includes share repurchase, merger acquisition, potential opportunities, as well as potentially also purchasing some of our trust -- higher cost trust-preferred securities back. So we still have $136 million of share repurchases in our original capital plan, and I really can't give you an outlook as to what we would expect in this quarter.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So -- and again, I'm trying not to nitpick on that. It's a statement just so I understand what you're saying. But with the comment like tangible book, I mean, I'd hate to say this, but I mean, are you not buying it back because you think your stock is expensive? I mean, I'm not trying to summarize what you just said, but a disciplined approach or maybe I'm thinking more of a consistent approach, because either you're going to use the $136 million by year end or the CCAR year end, or I don't know, maybe you can push it out to the year after that. I don't know.
David S. Anderson: So when we look at tangible book value, we obviously do not want to provide a significant dilution to that tangible book value.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Okay, and then just a follow-up question...
Stephen D. Steinour: Ken, there are a number of factors we look at, that's one of a number.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Understood. And then just a follow-up question. Can you talk about the competitive environment in auto? We've been hearing it's getting a little more competitive. I love your thoughts on what you're seeing out there right now.
Stephen D. Steinour: It has not abated. It's been competitive for last couple of years, and we think it will stay competitive through '14. We've taken an approach that we're focused on returns and not market share or aggregate volume. We happen to be -- because we've been in this for a long time, and I think we're strong through the downturn. We've been able to generate growth, again, a record year in '13 for us. But we did not keep pace with the growth in new car sales.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And do you find the credit boxes widening out a little bit in terms of being able to...
Stephen D. Steinour: No. Our credit boxes is very tight, and that's not against something we look at every week. And you got stats in the material -- the additional publishing -- our published documents, sorry, that we have here that will show a very tight cycle range and loan-to-value.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I just want to ask, so just for a clarification, on the fee outlook. Steve, when you're talking about a slight decline, you're talking about year-over-year off of the adjusted fee level, so the $987 million [ph], excluding MSR hedging?
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And can you talk a little bit more about what other changes, what other tweaks do you have left to make on the service charges? Because I would have thought that you kind of would've been passed the adjustments you made several over the last couple of years. When should we -- how should we expect that to grow over time?
Stephen D. Steinour: So we -- when we adjusted in February of '13, we gave you a range of $25 million to $30 million of expected posting order impact. We can't be exactly precise with it because of behavioral changes. But the growth in our consumer checking households took us to, I think, a 4% year-over-year increase in that category. Now as we look at all of our consumer fees, and not just related to checking account, we continue to challenge ourselves internally about, do we have opportunities to distinguish? Do we have the ability to create better economics for us over time, consistent with our Fair Play philosophy? And when we did 24-Hour Grace, we thought it would have a payback in a couple of years, it turned out to be a couple of quarters. So that was a very healthy process that we did in '10, and we continue to do that. A consequence of that -- we don't have anything committed at this point for '14, but the consequence of that could be changes we make during the course of the year.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Right, okay. And then just one more quick clarification. Last year's operating leverage was with lower revenues but even lower expenses. And as you look forward to just the top line this year, do you think you can put up positive revenue growth and then still be controlling that with a very modest, if any, growth of expenses?
Stephen D. Steinour: We do. We try to give you guidance on net interest income growth, fueled by auto and commercial, largely, modest growth off the other categories despite NIM pressures. And that should help us translate with the tight expense management that you've seen in the last couple of quarters in particular.
David S. Anderson: So our outlook in NIE is that it will be fairly flat year-over-year, with the exception of the net one-time benefit of $10 million for the significant items.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can I start -- I'm trying to understand the line in the guidance, which basically calls for continued refinement of products under Fair Play. Are you looking to eliminate other fees on products, is that what that's saying?
Stephen D. Steinour: We're looking at all of our fees and we have been for the last few years. And from time to time, we'll make decisions on where we may want to adjust them and/or eliminate them. But it's not a new activity per se for us.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. But you're pointing out those at this point because we should expect some reduction in...
Stephen D. Steinour: We're challenging ourselves. We think there's a contrarian moment here and much like we thought there was in '09 and '10. And so we're pointing it out for that reason.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And maybe just to follow up on that. Looking at the guidance for flat expenses, near $1.8 billion, how much do you plan on investing this year? Can you break out the dollars for us? I'm curious how much you really need to offset in terms of what you plan on investing.
Stephen D. Steinour: I don't think we provided that kind of specific guidance in the past and are not prepared to do that at this moment.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. Steve, do you have the number of what you invested in 2013? We can use that as a base.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, again, we have it, but I don't think we provided it historically. Okay? Don't mean to frustrate you. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just quickly on the C&I loan growth. I mean, if you adjust for the reclassification of these municipal loans under the securities portfolio, the end-of-period growth was really very strong this quarter, and the average growth was also pretty strong. I mean, I think on a quarterly basis, these are some of the strongest basis we have seen in a long time. Are those levels sustainable on a go-forward basis? I know you said the pipelines look really good, but do they look as good as this quarter?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we had across-the-board performance, and I'm not sure that necessarily came through or was picked up by your comments. So it wasn't like one of our verticals or a couple of verticals. We really felt fourth quarter, we were hitting on most cylinders on the commercial side. And as we stepped into the new year, that pipeline, that robust pipeline, commercial pipeline we referenced, is across the board as well.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. Okay. So I mean, if you say the similar pace, it would seem that C&I growth could be maybe in the low- to mid-double digits year-over-year, is that fair?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, I don't think we've given guidance that specific at this point. But we did have a good fourth quarter that at least as we start the year continues with a strong pipeline.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. And then maybe if I could one more. I know you guys highlighted the security purchases as you prepare for the Basel III liquidity requirements. It looks like, on an average basis, only part of the purchases that you all made in the corner are factored into the average balance sheet. How should we think about, in the first quarter, without fully factored in, what the impact is on margin and earning assets?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the margin for us in the fourth quarter was down 6 bps, 3 of that was securities and some swap activity and the rest was -- the other 3 bps were related to the competitive pressures on loans and the inability to close it out over the deposit side. We tried to get ahead of the B III liquidity requirements, and we added about $1.9 billion of investment portfolio, and that came in during the quarter. So it's -- you don't have all of it factored into that 3.28% [ph] margin for the quarter. But there will be ongoing competitive pressures. We will take steps to respond to those pressures, including the $2.5 billion of CDs that repriced during the year and some other things that we were able to do.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Long of Raymond James.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: In your outlook and how you're talking about your -- how you're looking out to 2014, sometimes, you use the term modest versus moderate. I was wondering if you can maybe help us understand modest versus moderate, how you define that.
Stephen D. Steinour: Let's see, what have we said in the past? Modest is maybe plus or minus 3%, and moderate would be up to 8%.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And then the -- with the swap that you guys have, about $8 billion of the swap, I guess, my question is one, how did that impact net interest income this quarter? And then secondly, how do you expect to manage that going forward, and maybe remind us your expectations on when we may see that run down?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the swaps are on at a 3-year duration. It's a laddered approach. And we expect that, that will come in over time in aggregate, but there'll be some level of swaps on the books for us. We've got -- we made some decisions around Fed guidance that came out in the second half of the year around their interest in holding the short end of the curve low, notwithstanding the prior impact of the tapering comments in the second quarter. And that caused us to reassess a bit where we thought the trade-offs would be for returns and risks with the swap portfolio. So we moved up and moved out a little bit. Dave, do you want to answer the economic trade-offs?
David S. Anderson: For the quarter, the benefit of the derivatives was about $23 million, which is down from prior quarters. But -- I'm sorry, the -- yes, the benefit was about $23 million.
Stephen D. Steinour: That answered it?
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Najarian of Bank of America.
Ebrahim H. Poonawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is Ebrahim on behalf of Erika. A quick question, going back to the earlier questioning on the operating leverage. Just trying to get a sense in terms of the -- if you can provide any color in terms of what the sort of magnitude of the operating leverage could be when you look at maybe the efficiency ratio, and what sort of improvement do you expect there to look out over the next year?
Stephen D. Steinour: We haven't been that specific. We do expect operating leverage, we've committed to that in '14, and we would expect that to translate into an improved deficiency ratio again on both fronts. But we're not going to be more specific than that over time. We've got a long-term shareholder alignment here as most of us are meaningful owners as well. And so as we said last year, we do intend to drive more to the bottom line by working that efficiency ratio, and we'll do that. We have investments that are maturing as well, and we've made a lot of investments in the last few years. You can see it in part on the commercial performance. Across the board, our newer verticals are contributing now with our traditional middle market and other areas for commercial. You can see it on auto, the expansions in different geography in a number of different ways. And we're not mature. We would expect them to continue to benefit from further seasoning and growth.
Ebrahim H. Poonawala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And just one other question in terms of -- I was just saying to tie in your guidance on loan growth and the comments you made around sort of the momentum looks strong, plans are feeling more confident. Should we expect the pace of loan growth to pick up, or is that still unknown?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it's an -- normally, fourth quarters are strong, so it would -- we wouldn't traditionally key the fourth quarter in and fully annualize that. But we had a strong quarter, and we have a robust pipeline. We had a strong fourth quarter in '12. Pipeline was a little lighter, certainly by comparison, was lighter, meaningfully different than how we start this year.
David S. Anderson: Well, we saw very good growth in middle-market. The different verticals we've been -- invested in over the last few years are really all contributing, as well as we saw good growth in equipment leasing.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Sameer Gokhale of Janney Capital.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just a couple. Again, just on in terms of C&I loans. One of your -- one of the other banks have reported today sort of they really hadn't seen any increase in their utilization rates on C&I loans. I was wondering if that's the same dynamic that you're seeing as well. And then in terms of the outlook for growth, I mean, C&I has been one of the strongest areas of loan growth, I think, across C&I lenders in general for the last couple of years. So I'm trying to reconcile that with the commentary about the pipeline being strong, because it seems like at some point, we should see a natural slowdown in C&I lending and borrowing, given the fact that there's been so much strength over the last couple of years. So I'm trying to just figure out if that's a function of pricing, banks willing to give up on pricing to drive growth? Or are you seeing kind of risk-adjusted returns remaining relatively constant in C&I loans? So if you could help us give us some color with that, that would be helpful.
Stephen D. Steinour: Certainly. Sameer, our utilization rates are flat. They're at or near all-time lows, by the way. So at some point, there'll be a pickup on utilization. We've made a number of investments in vertical businesses, specialty businesses, energy, ag, food and ag, international, most recently. But there were prior verticals as well. Those verticals, combined with our middle-market and other capabilities of a general nature, seem to be firing together on all cylinders. During the course of the year, we referenced that in some areas that we just weren't comfortable with structure or tenure that we actually backed away. There was a couple hundred million dollars of corporate lending, large corporate lending that frankly reduced balances year-over-year as a consequence of us trying to hold in. As you've seen over the last few years, when we published our portfolio yields, we've held in better than average and certainly, our NIM has held in better than average on a multi-year basis. But the -- so we don't think of ourselves as extraordinarily reaching for growth. You would have seen a wide variability last year in our commercial lending by quarter for -- as another proof point. But we are in a region of the economy that actually has outperformed over the last few years. And we benefited from that, the auto recovery, the gas play, but we were headquartered in Columbus. Columbus has a 6% -- sub-6% unemployment rate as an example. So we are benefiting from our geography perhaps in ways that might not be consistent with how you would have thought of the Midwest over time.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: So just to clarify, it does sound then that you have -- like you haven't increased your leveraging deals in transactions. Your LTV ratios have remained relatively constant as well?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, this is Dan. That's absolutely correct. We have held very firm in our discipline around leverage lending in particular. It's very well controlled, have not stepped out on margin and also on structure. We don't do any of the covenant-lite transactions. But to Steve's point, I think the -- one of the issues is just the diversification with -- within the portfolio, that's been one of the advantages because the growth has been coming from more areas than what we've seen in the past. And I think last quarter was the first time where we saw all the verticals that we've invested in meaningfully contribute at the same time to the performance. So that's good. And so everything from small business and SBA lending, right up through large corporate. The other component is I think we will also see that we're no longer really going to shrink Commercial Real Estate, so that will be a boost to us in 2013 as that kind of levels out and it could possibly even grow a small amount.
Stephen D. Steinour: So Sameer, as you look at our commercial growth combined over time, you didn't think the -- that core growth in general commercial gets masked by the reduction in Commercial Real Estate. We've now got it -- Commercial Real Estate at a plateau, roughly 100% of capital where we intend to keep it in more or less at that level.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: That's really helpful color and specifically, on the C&I loans, that was very helpful. Just another question, in terms of the auto business and dealer markups, I know that's been an area of focus for the CFPB. I was just trying to get a sense for where you were in that process. Have you already rolled out new policies? Has that somehow affected your relationship with dealerships? Has that really not been an issue for you? Any perspective on that will be helpful.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we made some changes in mid-2011 in how we approached price and frankly, the allowable variance in pricing. And my understanding is the industry, Sameer, is somewhere around 250 basis points of variable pricing to the dealers, and we are well inside that by policy as of the middle of 2011. So if we had volume adjustments, we've absorbed them over the last few years. But we like our approach. We're comfortable with how we originate and expect to continue on the basis that we're doing today.
Sameer Gokhale - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. I know in 2013, it seems like the CFPB had come up with some new guidance, and it sounds like you're well below industry standards in terms of the markup. So that's helpful.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to Mr. Stephen Steinour for closing remarks.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, thank you very much. We appreciate your interest. 2013 was a solid year for us at Huntington. And if the trend holds, our return on assets of 1.13% should put us in the top quartile of the largest 100 banks in the U.S. again. We delivered positive operating leverage as we dramatically managed the company to reflect how the environment changed, while having strong execution of our long-term strategy. We understand the need to improve our overall efficiency ratio, and in our investments and continuous improvement program are delivering and will continue to deliver sustainable results. And will not only come from the easier lever of expense, but the top line growth, as our investments continue to mature. In 2013, we delivered positive operating leverage, and then we've said we will do that again. We will deliver positive operating leverage in 2014. And to shareholders and many of our colleagues, our shareholders, if you take nothing else away, remember that we, too, are shareholders, the management board and employees understand the need to balance the investments that drive long-term value-creation and returns. So again, thanks for your interest. Have a great day.
Operator: And that concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Beekman - Director of Investor Relations David S. Anderson - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Controller Daniel J. Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank
Analysts: Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares' Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to your host, Mr. Todd Beekman, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, please go ahead.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Rob, and welcome. Copies of the slides of that we'll be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington-ir.com. This call is being recorded and will be available for rebroadcast starting about an hour after the closing of the call. Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures, and in that regard, I direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures in reconciliation to comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation, the additional earnings material released today and related 8-K can also be found on our website. Turning to Slide 4. Today's discussion, including the Q&A, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time, and are subject to change, risk and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, the material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now turning to today's presentation, as noted on Slide 5, participating today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Dave Anderson, Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Neumeyer, Chief Credit Officer. Let's get started. Dave?
David S. Anderson: Thank you, Todd. I will review our 2013 third quarter financial results then Dan will provide an update on credit; finally, Steve will give an update on household and commercial relationship growth, as well as expectations for the balance of 2013. Turning to Slide 7, Huntington had a good third quarter. We reported net income of $178 million or $0.20 per share. This resulted in a 1.27% return on average assets and a 14% return on average tangible common equity. There were 2 significant items recorded in the third quarter that I will cover when I discuss noninterest expense. Fully-tax equivalent revenue was $682 million, a decrease of $15 million or 2% from the year ago quarter. Net interest income declined $4 million or less than 1%. The net interest margin was 3.34%, down 4 basis points. Total average loans grew by 5%, primarily due to Automobile loan growth. Average Automobile loans grew by $2 billion or 49% because we have kept more of these loans on our balance sheet instead of selling them through securitizations. Commercial and industrial loans increased 4% even though we reduced our large corporate portfolio by over $200 million. Finally, Commercial Real Estate loans declined by 14%, but as we have been signaling over the last few quarters, the portfolio is stabilizing around $5 billion. Noninterest income declined $11 million due to lower mortgage banking income. Mortgage banking income decreased $21 million or 47% from the year ago quarter. This decline was partially offset by increases in fees from commercial loan activity and service charges on deposits for both consumer and commercial accounts. Expenses declined $35 million from the year ago quarter. Included in the current quarter were 2 significant items that impacted expenses. First, we recorded a $34 million gain due to the curtailment of our pension plan. Second, we recorded a $17 million charge for branch and facility consolidations and severance costs. If you adjust for these significant items, expenses declined $18 million, primarily due to lower consulting, marketing, insurance and other expenses. We continue to focus on controlling expenses as we make prudent investments for the future. Steve will provide additional detail later in the call, but you can see that our Optimal Customer Relationship or OCR methodology is working. Consumer household and commercial relationships continue to grow at a pace well above that of our regional footprint, and importantly, customers are building deeper relationships with Huntington. Dan will cover credit in more detail later in the call, but on Slide 8, you can see that credit quality continues to improve in the third quarter. Nonaccrual loans decreased $112 million or 25% from the 2012 third quarter and $30 million or 8% from the 2013 second quarter. Our capital remains strong. Tier 1 common risk-based capital increased 50 basis -- 57 basis points over the last year to 10.85%. Our tangible common equity ratio was 9.02% at the end of September. As we compare our results to the third quarter of 2013, the net interest margin of 3.34% was down 4 basis points from last quarter. Mortgage banking income was down $10 million. Despite this decline in mortgage banking income, noninterest income increased $2 million. Service charges on deposits increased $5 million and other income increased $8 million. The increase in other income was primarily due to commercial banking activities. Noninterest expense in the third quarter was down $23 million. As I discussed earlier, $17 million of the decline was due to significant items. Net charge-offs for the current quarter were $56 million, or at an annualized rate of 53 basis points, up from 34 basis points in the previous quarter. Annualized net charge-offs for the current quarter were still within our long-term goal of 35 to 55 basis points. We repurchased 2 million common shares in the third quarter at an average price of $8.18. We have the ability to repurchase up to an additional $136 million shares to the first quarter of 2014 as part of our capital plan. We will continue to be disciplined in our repurchase activity, which will vary based upon stock price. We do not anticipate that the pending transaction with Camco will materially impact our repurchase activities, except during the relatively limited time when we will be required to be out of the market under the SEC's Regulation M. There are a few items on Slide 9 that I would like to highlight. First, we launched our Voice consumer credit card in the third quarter. Second, as I commented before, we are consolidating 22 branches but at the same time, we continue to invest with the opening of 3 in-store locations. Slide 68 has additional information on the in-store rollout. This slide shows a slightly delayed time until the location breaks even as we have modestly reduced growth expectations. Third, last week, we announced the acquisition of Camco Financial. Camco has $0.8 billion in assets and $0.6 billion in deposits and is expected to be accretive to earnings per share in the first full year. The transaction is expected to close in the first half of 2014, subject to approval by the Camco shareholders and regulators. Slide 10 is a summary of our quarterly earnings trends and key performance metrics. While this is a great snapshot of our recent trends, many items will be discussed elsewhere, so I will move on to Slide 11. On Slide 11, we showed the breakdown of operating leverage for the first 9 months of 2013. In this slide, we measure the percentage change in revenue and expenses, adjusted for significant items and for both volatility from MSR, auto securitizations and last year's bargain purchase gain from the Fidelity acquisition. For the first 9 months of 2013, we recorded modest positive operating leverage of 0.1%. We continue to be committed to providing positive operating leverage for the full year. Slide 12 displays trends of our net interest income and margin. The right side of the slide displays a 4-basis-point drop in our net interest margin over the last year to 3.34% for the current quarter, which reflected the impact of a 15-basis-point increase from the reduction of deposit rates, a 16-point decrease in the earning asset yield and 3 basis points of lower benefit from noninterest-bearing funding. The right side of Slide 13 shows the improvement in our deposit mix. The improved deposit mix reflects the success of our Fair Play banking strategy on remixing and growing consumer and commercial no- and low-cost deposits. This improving mix has contributed to the 15-basis-point decline on the average rate paid on total deposits over the last 5 quarters. On the left side of this slide, you will see the maturity schedule of our CD book, which represents a potential opportunity for continuing to lower our deposit costs as new CDs are coming on between 20 and 40 basis points. Related to these last 2 slides, please refer to Slide 40, which provides some additional granularity on the breakout of fixed versus variable rate assets and liabilities. Slide 14 provides a summary income statement for the last 5 quarters. I discussed the quarterly changes in my previous comments. Finally, Slide 15 reflects the trends in capital. The tangible common equity ratio increased 24 basis points from the last quarter. Over the last year, the Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased from 10.28% to 10.85%. Our capital ratios were also impacted by 30 million shares repurchased at an average price of $6.96 over the last 4 quarters. Let me turn the presentation over to Dan Neumeyer to review credit trends. Dan?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Dave. Slide 16 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit quality remained strong in the quarter, although it's modest upward movement in charge-offs and a slight increase in criticized assets. The net charge-off ratio increased to 53 basis points in the quarter. Although it remains within our long term target of 35 to 55 basis points, it is an increase from the prior quarter, which saw charge-off ratio that was actually below the targeted range. The increase was driven by the home equity and Commercial Real Estate portfolios. The home equity increase was due to the recognition of approximately $13 million of Chapter 7 bankruptcy loans that were not identified in the 2012 third quarter implementation of the OCC's regulatory guidance. The Commercial Real Estate increase related to 1 borrower relationship. As I mentioned last quarter, we do expect there to be some quarter-to-quarter volatility but expect to continue to operate within our targeted charge-off range. Loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing were essentially flat, and at 22 basis points, remain very well-controlled. The nonaccrual loan ratio showed continued improvement in the quarter falling to 0.78% of total loans. The NPA ratio showed similar improvement falling from 95 basis points to 88 basis points. The criticized asset ratio increased slightly from 4.24% to 4.31%. The ALLL and ACL rate to loan ratios fell in the quarter to 1.57% and 1.72% respectively down from 1.76% and 1.86% in the prior quarter reflecting continued asset quality improvement. The ALLL and ACL coverage ratios both remain healthy. Slide 17 shows the trends in our nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates a continued reduction in our NPAs, falling another 6% in the third quarter. The chart on the right shows the NPA inflows which were up modestly in the quarter to 33 basis points of beginning of period loans. We expect to continue positive trend going forward. Slide 18 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. As mentioned, NPAs fell by 6% in the quarter. While inflows were up modestly over the previous quarter, returns to accruing status, payments and charge-offs combines results in a continuation of our steady reduction in NPAs. Turning to Slide 19. We provide a similar flow analysis of commercial criticized loans. This quarter saw an increase in criticized inflows with the increase due largely to 2 larger unrelated C&I loans that move to criticized status during the quarter. The level of paydowns and criticized loans was also lower in the quarter, which, combined with the increase inflows resulted in the 4% increase. Moving to Slide 20. 30-day commercial loan delinquencies fell noticeably in the third quarter to 47 basis points, the lowest level in 6 quarters. 90-day delinquencies also fell slightly and consist solely of Fidelity-purchased impaired loans which were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain in accruing status. Slide 21 outlines consumer loan delinquencies which are in line with expectations. 30 day consumer delinquencies showed a decrease from the second quarter. Home equity and auto delinquencies showed very slight increases while residential exhibited a more substantial decline. 90-day delinquencies remain very well controlled and were flat quarter-over-quarter in all categories except residential real estate, which was up 16 basis points from the prior quarter. Reviewing Slide 22. The loan loss provision of $11.4 million was down from $24.7 million in the prior quarter and was $44.3 million less than net charge-offs. This quarter we introduced an enhanced allowance methodology, which incorporates a more robust commercial risk rating system. The combination of the enhanced methodology along with continued improvement in overall asset quality resulted in a reduction in the ACL-to-loans ratio of 1.72% compared to 1.86% in the prior quarter. The ratio of ACL to nonaccrual loans rose from 214% to 220% due to the reduction in nonperformers. We believe these coverage levels remain adequate and appropriate. In summary, we're very pleased with the quarter's credit results. We remain focused on quality and are disciplined in our new business originations in a very competitive environment. With regard to our metrics, we anticipate the possibility of some continued quarter-to-quarter volatility but expect overall improvement, including lower criticized loans, lower NPAs and charge-offs within our longer-term targets. Let me turn the presentation over to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you, and good day, everyone. Fair Play banking philosophy, coupled with our Optimal Customer Relationship, or OCR, continues to drive new customer growth and strength in product penetration. This slide recaps, on 23, the continued strong upward trend in consumer checking account households. For the quarter, consumer checking account households grew at an annualized rate of 7% and have increased 9% in the last year. And as we have expected, percentage growth was slowing as the base grows, and we continue to focus our marketing efforts, but the number of new customers each quarter has remained fairly stable at about 25,000 new checking account households per quarter. Since launching this strategy in the middle of 2010, we've increased our consumer checking household base by 37%. At the same time, we've meaningfully increased the number of products and services we provide to these customers. The chart that you're accustomed to seeing is in the appendix, but the broader takeaway is that the strategy is working. Linked quarter revenue experienced some of its normal seasonality and year-over-year revenue was driven by the first quarter posting order change. We are also taking market share and we're increasing share of wallet. The launch of our own consumer credit card this quarter is just one more example of the investments we're making to become the best consumer bank in the Midwest. Now turning to Slide 24. Commercial relationships also grew at an annualized rate of 5% and have increased by 35,000 commercial customers since second quarter of 2010. At the end of the quarter, 37% of our commercial relationships utilized 4 or more products or services. This is a 3% increase from this time last year. The growth with deeper product cross-sell has been a strong revenue engine for Huntington. Commercial revenue of $194 million is up $15 million from the prior quarter as we continue to see commercial activity pick up from below normal levels and our investments are continuing to mature. Again to step back from the quarter-to-quarter noise, commercial-related revenue has increased by over $50 million per quarter or 36% since we began executing our strategy in the middle of 2010. Turning to Slide 25. On expectations, the following is for the next several quarters as we are currently working on the full year 2014 budget. We continue to benefit from the strength in the Midwest and believe our strategies will continue to drive growth. Modest total loan growth is expected to continue and know that we will remain disciplined. C&I pipeline remains robust, and we continue to see increases in customer activity, which as you saw this past quarter, not only helps the balance sheet but also fee income like capital markets, SBA loan sales and other income such as loan and leasing fees. Auto loan originations remain strong and all else being equal, we continue to like this asset relative to securities, given their short duration. 3 1/8 effective yield and very clean credit quality. CRE balances, Commercial Real Estate balances, are stabilizing around the current $5 billion level and all other consumer loan categories should reflect modest growth. With regard to interest rates, while the long end has seen a high level of volatility, the shorter end of the curve remains relatively low, and that's where movement needs to happen if we're going to see an impact on the income statement as our average balance sheet has about a 3-year duration and much of the floating loan portfolio is based on LIBOR. As Dave showed earlier, the low short end debt provides continued opportunity for deposit repricing and mix shift. We do not expect net interest margin for the full year to fall below the mid 3.30%'s as we've said before, but we do expect continued pressure due to competitive loan pricing and growth in investment securities as we prepare for the new liquidity rules. Noninterest income is expected to be relatively stable. The decline in mortgage banking income this quarter was a little sharper than expected, but we've seen a nice pickup in purchase volume, which now accounts for over 50% of total production. We expected continued modest pressure on mortgage income, but the rest of the fee income areas continue to mature and as they nearly did this quarter, should mostly offset these mortgage declines. Noninterest expense had some noise this quarter, but the underlying level was lower than previously estimated as the actions we took helped to reset the bar. From here, noninterest expense is expected to increase slightly due to higher depreciation, personnel occupancy and equipment expense related to our continued modest pace of investments. With the branch consolidations, there's an additional $6 million of related onetime expenses that are expected to happen in the fourth quarter. As part of our focus on continuous improvement, we will continue to evaluate additional cost-save opportunities as we remain committed to positive operating leverage. As we've said in the past, if the revenue doesn't materialize, we will deliver expense saves. On the credit front, NPAs are expected to experience continued improvement. Net charge-offs are in our long-term expected range of 35 to 55 basis points, but provisions are likely to increase, and both are expected to continue to experience volatility, given their absolute low levels. So at this point I'll turn it back over to Todd for Q&A.
Todd Beekman: Thank you. Operator, we'll now take questions. [Operator Instructions] Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from line of Erika Najarian from Merrill Lynch.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: We hear you loud and clear in terms of your commitment to positive operating leverage and I know you're still in the middle of doing your 2014 budget, but as we think about 2014, should we expect this operating leverage progress to continue to widen positively? And should we expect that most of this is coming through the revenue side rather than the expense side?
Stephen D. Steinour: We are very cognizant of a desire or need to improve our efficiency ratio and, therefore, deliver operating leverage. We're -- it's just premature to comment with specificity about how that will happen as we go forward. And so we're going to defer that until we complete the 2014 budget at this point, Erika.
Erika Najarian - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and my follow-up question to that is, your tone on loan growth has been more upbeat than the tone we've heard over the past few days from other regional banks. Could you give us a little bit more color in terms of the market share dynamics that are going on in your marketplace?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it's very competitive and that competition is reflected in pricing and structure. But as we've shown with our Automobile lending in particular, but have suggested across the board, we remain very disciplined. We have, on the C&I side on spot balances, had good growth quarter end to quarter end, and that's consistent with normal summer seasonality. So a nice pickup at quarter end. And we're sitting with a strong pipeline at this point on the commercial side. Some of that is attributable to the specialty banking groups that were formed over the last several years. Remember, we created 3 just late in the fourth quarter of last year that are starting to hit stride. Those 3 are food and agricultural lending, international and energy. And so our specialized areas are coming into a more mature phase, and that's helping deliver volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First question, in terms of auto, the Morgan Stanley auto team has been fairly negative on what they're seeing in terms of aggressive underwriting practices in the -- across all the auto lenders. Could you just talk a little bit about what you're seeing? Is that a fair assessment just in terms of the aggressiveness of terms in auto?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well our auto's clearly gotten more aggressive over the last couple of years. We shared with you our quarterly production, and so you can see the book is -- what we're doing is very consistent quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year. FICO scores are actually up a little bit this quarter. And we're a super prime type -- a prime super prime type of originator, and we don't plan to change that. So some of the reported challenges are emerging in the subprime space. Dan, what would you like to add to that?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, Ken, this is Dan. I think our FICO scores remain very high, actually a little bit higher this quarter on average, and that includes in all of our newer markets where we have expanded. We have had as good or better FICO scores, the average LTVs are very strong. And when you look at the performance metrics, delinquencies are very, very well controlled. So we're really pleased with what we're adding to the book quarter after quarter.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: All right, okay, that helps. And then from my completely unrelated follow-up question, when we think about buybacks, obviously, it's a lot slower this quarter. Is there any chance that you guys don't complete the $130 million-plus remaining authorization this year, or should we expect that to happen by first quarter?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we've said we're going to be disciplined in our repurchase and we'll continue to be so. It's hard to speculate. We're not going to speculate as to whether we fulfill all of it or how much at this point, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Just a follow-on on loan growth and auto specifically, the proportion of the book from auto has gotten bigger now, especially that you've been retaining. And I understanding your point that you don't anticipate doing future securitizations, can you talk about the dynamics of whole versus self? And if there's any change to your comfort level on allowing that auto proportion to grow as a percentage of the book?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: This is Dan. I think, for now, we like the asset and like it versus our other options. And as we've said before, we do monitor this portfolio based on percentage of total loans, as well as a percentage of capital. We still have continued room there. And so for the time being, we like it, and we're going to continue to originate and keep on balance sheet. And as conditions change, we'll look at changing that viewpoint, but for now, that's where we're going to be.
David S. Anderson: We've said all along that we're in different -- when we originate, we're prepared to hold or securitize. So we're not trying to adjust credit underwriting depending on the holder of the asset.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes, okay, my second follow-up here, just a bigger picture question on operating leverage. Understanding that you're going to come back to us after budgeting, but just -- you held the line reasonably well on operating leverage this year. Just conceptually though, and especially now with this extra charge taken this quarter which presumably will have some help to expenses too, do we see a better gap next year, just all things equal between revenues and expenses, again, without having to rely on what happens with revenue to change your view of expense growth? But just, Steve, just from a big picture's perspective, how does the outlook for broader operating leverage look as it stands now?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, you answered the question at the outset with it's -- you're not complete with your 2014 budget. So it would be premature for me to go beyond where we -- what we've commented on so far, Ken. It's -- again, we're highly focused on the efficiency ratio, very cognizant of driving that to a better level, and we're going to do that through operating leverage and our continuous improvement program that we started 1.5 years ago. Things are happening and getting translated. We had an expense reset coming, if you will, off the onetime charges reflected in the third quarter, $6 million of which get carried into the fourth quarter so that will provide some benefit as we go forward.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Can you at least try to quantify that for us like the benefit that you get off of these 2 quarters of charges?
Stephen D. Steinour: We're not prepared to do that at the moment. We will be back. Dave, is there anything you want to add?
David S. Anderson: Yes, I just like to add that if you look at our baseline NIE or net interest expense and quarterly it's about $440 million, and that's what we're kind of -- we're looking at this point as our base. Steve did mention that we have an additional $6 million in charges for onetime related to the branch consolidations in the fourth quarter. But that's kind of what we're looking at from a baseline perspective. And that's down from $450 million or $50 million so...
Stephen D. Steinour: So that should give you some help in terms of modeling as you think about us next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Murray from ISI.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Could you just touch on Commercial Real Estate for a second? You mentioned the balance is stabilizing at around the $5-billion-or-so level. What kind of pipeline are you guys looking at and sort of what's the mix of new deals that you're seeing?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, there's a weekly review of pipeline that we do for all of our areas. It's part of the sales management, again, weekly process. Dan, do you want to comment further on the pipeline?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, I think the pipeline is growing and I think it's a good mix of -- we've got multi-family, we've got retail. We've got a REIT group that is quite active. So we like what we're seeing. And we think that we're going to be able to originate really high-quality assets and still kind of maintain the level where we want to be, which is right around the 100% of capital or in that $5 billion range.
Stephen D. Steinour: The primary flavors, so that's retail, industrial, multi and a little bit of office. It's not overly weighted in any one of those.
Keith Murray - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And just on the Camco deal, it's not a huge deal, obviously, but from a M&A perspective and the regulatory thoughts around that for the fact that you guys will be a CCAR bank this year, you got the green light to do this, do you think the regulators were loosening the reins at all on M&A for banks?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it's hard to -- we're not in a position to talk about what they're doing generally, but as we've said over the years, in footprint on average, $500 million and $2.5 billion, good returns to our shareholders and understanding the risks involved, that we'd be prepared to acquire and this one met all the categories. So we think this is a nice deal for us, accretive in the first full year and helps us in both new market expansion a bit on the east side of Ohio, as well as gives us some opportunities to consolidate it and build our deposit base on the west side of Ohio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So in the back on Slide 68, you actually provided an update on the in-store buildout, and it shows 11 new openings in 2014. And also the targeted break-even level is now 2 to 2.5 years. I think these are both revised upwards. I thought the old count was 4 branches next year and also you're profitable at 24 months. So I was just wondering if you could comment on the change and if there was a change, talk about the drivers there.
Stephen D. Steinour: The branch count is, in part, a function of store availability. We've got commitments, Craig, to file them. Sometimes the store owners will make adjustments to their plans, remodeling or other things, and then we have moved the breakeven, we set a target of breakeven between 18 and 24 months. We've moved it out a bit, and that's just a function of in this lower rate environment, lower FTP contributions assigned to -- on the deposit side. The underlying dynamics in terms of new accounts opened in the in-stores versus the other channels continues to be strong and in line with prior quarters. It's a function of us sort of -- again, in the budget process, looking forward, and in this case resetting a bit. We moved it out a quarter.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just a follow-up, I heard some commentary around you're increasing your securities portfolio composition to prepare for the new liquidity rules. Can you give us some color on what the objective is here and what the changes you need to make really are?
David S. Anderson: Yes, this is Dave. We believe we're going to need to hold additional securities and at this point we're planning on purchasing additional Ginnie Mae securities so that will help meet that requirement. Obviously, the rules are not final, but based upon our interpretation at this point, we believe in 2014, it will start to add to that portfolio. That will be in loans held for sale -- I mean, investments held to maturity, I'm sorry, as opposed to available for sale.
Stephen D. Steinour: Craig, we're flagging it now because we've been expecting these regs any day, and currently, believe roughly at end of month. So that's why the timing on the comment.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers from Sandler O'Neill.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I guess, I wanted to -- I guess sort of follow-up on that last question on the branches. Steve, I was hoping you could maybe just update us sort of qualitatively with how you're thinking about the branch footprint. I mean, obviously you guys have undergone probably a bit more of a transformation in the last few years than others just with the heavier in-store piece. But I guess, on a net basis, I've tended to think of you guys more in kind of expansion mode over the last few years as opposed to most in the industry, which are cutting back more materially. So I think this quarter is at least the first in a while, I believe, that you had enough of closure to necessitate a special charge. So just curious about how you're thinking about the branch network overall and where you see things playing out over the next couple of years.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we continue to prune our distribution like any good retailer. We think it was 2 years ago there were 29 branches, Scott, just as a point of reference, so this is not a high watermark for us. Year-over-year, we will have net 32 incremental branches so that -- to dimension it. And we have further buildout commitments on the in-stores. We are seeing transactional behavioral shifts benefiting the in-stores just because of the extended hours and 7-day-a-week program. So on average, we're seeing our teller transactions continue to increase a bit, but more of that flowing into the in-store network again because of the convenience supplied. So those in-stores are meant to be sales and service, and as the transaction -- as the flow of our customers migrates, that may give us further opportunities in the future. But we'll look at repositioning the franchise over time based on lease roles and other things to -- and some of it will be in-store, some of it will be consolidations and some level of de novo branching as we've done before.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos from JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just regarding the commitment to cut expenses of revenue didn't materialize, what are the levers that you're most likely to pull if you had to cut expenses in short order? Is it comp, is it marketing?
Stephen D. Steinour: We haven't committed to where we will go, but you've touched 2 of the areas that would generally be more readily available. So comp-related, not necessarily FTE, but it could include FTE. And when I say related, I mean, commissions and incentives and benefits and other things. And we had to do that in 2009. So there is some history of responding quickly. We don't anticipate that and -- but there are other categories. Marketing, we view as an investment, so while it's available to us, it does have implications around longer-term growth and positioning of the brand. So we'll be thoughtful about where we'll -- what we cut, but we do have a process of having contingent plans routinely available and updated so that if we need to make adjustments, we can do so timely.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: That's helpful. And if I could follow up, Steve, if I look at Slides 22 and 23, which each showed really strong growth in the number of consumer and commercial relationships, and you're getting better product penetration, if we look at year-to-date, trends from a high level, why are these not translating into stronger revenue growth?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, in the year-to-date, remember, we started in the first quarter with $25 million to $30 million adjustment to overdraft related income by changing our posting order. And so we have to come through that in terms of getting that overall contribution. When you look at electronic banking, some of the trust and investment revenue line items, you are seeing some levels of growth translated from this increase in customer base and penetration. The consumer side, it's a game of inches, and so we're looking for steady progress on share of wallet, on share of market, and frankly, on revenue. And we had some level of revenue give up in the past like Durbin, Reg E, et cetera, that masks what would be aggregate contribution, pre-regulatory or other impacts. Commercial, if you look at that, is -- which has not had any adjustments this year, is at a new high and that one has translated more cleanly for us.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So is it safe to say you expect more revenue momentum carrying into next year, which I think is why you're getting all these questions on positive operating leverage.
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes. We do have -- we do expect revenue momentum from the cross-sell on the base.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey from FBR Capital Markets.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just sort of following along that line, yes, I know you all highlighted that you have particularly strong commercial loan fee-related activity. How much of that is related to the commercial relationship growth that you sort of highlighted on Slide 24, and how much might have been just sort of normal volatility, and it was a good quarter?
Stephen D. Steinour: I don't -- have we broken this out? I don't believe we've broken...
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: It's part of the other line. I think you highlighted it as the big driver of the increase, but you didn't exactly quantify it.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we haven't in the past been quantified, and we don't think of it, per se, as new versus existing customers because we have existing customers that will do FX trades or reposition derivatives or expand their treasury management and that's sort of routine in the commercial area. There's an element of activity that's tied to new customers, but it's not exclusive. And depending on syndication and other -- there are a variety of factors that contribute to that fee income line. And so it's not -- we haven't split it between new versus existing portfolio in the past. And we measure each new relationship and the contribution and the sources of it, but as we measure the pipelines, a lot of our capital markets activity flows through existing customers.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, I guess, maybe if I ask in a little bit different way, as I think about that other income line, is this a level that you guys think it will build from or is this sort of a really good quarter, and you would expect it to go back to something closer to, I don't know, maybe an average of the first 3 quarters of this year or something like that?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the first half of the year was very slow. And always from the outset of the, you'd thought, second half would be stronger than the first half. Third quarter was a strong quarter for us but as we come into the fourth quarter, we've got a good pipeline as we've said on the call. And we have to translate that and we're optimistic that, that will translate in the fourth quarter.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. And then one other question sort of shifting gears, I know you all said that you have no near-term plans for auto securitization. I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about the factors behind that decision. Is it a reflection of where market pricing is? Is it a question of the fact you'd rather have those assets on your balance sheet today, or how do you evaluate and make that decision?
Stephen D. Steinour: We've looked at the trade-off between alternative investments, duration and OCI risk, with an outlook of an increasing rate environment. So there's both a liquidity and capital component to that, as well as the income trade-off. And we did not think in the first half of the year, and continue to believe, that it's a good trade-off to securitize versus hold those assets. So we're currently planning to hold through this year and as we give further guidance on '14, we'll update that. But we have a concentration limit in place that would allow us, if we chose to, to continue to hold through most of, if not all of '14.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And remind me what that concentration limit is.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: It's about 20% of total loans and about 125% of capital.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom from RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Dan, a question for you. Can you maybe touch on the methodology enhancements that you talked about and what change in terms of your approach and what it might mean going forward?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, and so -- and I think that the word, "enhancement" is deliberate because this was not a wholesale change in methodology. It was just improving our commercial risk rating system, which now provides for greater granularity, a wider distribution of probability default and loss given default. And just a very minor adjustment in our general reserve with how we're looking at economic and the risk profile portions of that reserve. So nothing -- no major changes. We just think it's just more focused. And I don't think long term, it is going to -- we think it's going to be more accurate and better, but we don't see any substantive changes. The reflection of the ACL coming down this quarter, that was going to come down based on improving credit quality, whether or not we enhance the methodology or not. But I think we have just -- the geography of some of the numbers changed a bit, but overall very much in line with where we've been and on a go-forward basis, maybe some better predictability, but nothing major.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, that helps. And then Steve, I know it's early, but can you just comment on how the consumer card launch has gone?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the card was designed for customers, so it's not a broadly marketed card. It's off to a good start, but it is very early. We're ahead of where we thought we'd be at this point. But again it's 1.5 months or so.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio from KBW.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: I want to kind of piggyback on the reserve question. You've got preface the question knowing that credit quality is actually quite good, so I don't want to take it the wrong way, but I'm trying to think of it in terms of going forward in reserve releases. And Dan, I'm looking at some of the numbers. So your criticized assets, you're up some -- your criticized inflows are up for 4 consecutive quarters it looks like, net charge-offs were up and NPA inflows were up. All off of low levels, I understand that. But the reserves came down by 20 basis points, which was probably the largest reserve release you had in a year. So what credit measure supersedes those inflow numbers that allows for the reserve release to this magnitude? Is it simply just a delinquency number that are improving?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: No, well, I think, generally speaking, I think all of the numbers are improving. And when you look at -- you can't take any specific number in any given quarter and look at it. You have to look at the trends over time. And we've had a few quarters where inflows have either criticized or NPAs have gone up but generally speaking, those have not been the beginning of trends, and you also have to look at the other components of those flows and how many payments are we getting, how many sales, what are we charging of, what's getting upgraded, et cetera. So when you look at our reserve releases, they've actually been very much in line with the reductions from quarter-to-quarter in the major metrics, whether it's charge-offs, criticized, classified, NPAs, et cetera. And we -- delinquencies have been very well-controlled. That's obviously the major forward-looking indicator. So I think on the whole, I think the reserve releases and the reduction in the allowance have been very much in line with the asset quality metrics that we look at.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc., Research Division: And if I can follow up then, then when do you get concerned -- at what level do you get concerned on the criticized inflows, I mean, they've gone from $218 million to $328 million in the last 5 quarters. At what time does that start becoming a trend?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, well, look at -- we look very specifically beyond what is that inflow comprised of, is it broad-based? This quarter, we had 2 larger transactions that made up the majority of the increase over last quarter. So when we look at specifics, what's happening? How do we feel about those credits? That's a different analysis than periods of time where we see very broad-based early-stage migrations and we don't feel that we have that going on here. And so the analysis is done quarterly, and it's at a very granular level. So we feel comfortable in our numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Marquardt from Evercore.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to follow up on credit quality, and can you guys just help me understand the home equity related losses from Chapter 7 from a year ago kind of the OCC regulatory guidance that was included for $13 million? How did that come up?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, and so during our review of the consumer portfolio this quarter, we recognized that there was a population, this 13 million, that should have been picked up and dealt with a year ago. Those regulations came towards the end of the quarter. We had to quickly make that assessment and there were -- some of these loans that should have been coded as non-reaffirmed Chapter 7s were not identified at that time. They were picked up this quarter and dealt with.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Okay, so that's a onetime thing.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And that's not related to the tweaking or kind of the enhancement of the reserve methodology?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: No, absolutely not.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Only separate?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes.
Stephen D. Steinour: The methodology -- to be clear, the methodology was commercial and it dealt with the risk rating system change that began in 2011. We've been doing a lot of work for a couple of years on this to implement it. And then the general reserve, it had nothing to do with the consumer reserve.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. And then lastly, in terms of fees, deposit service fees and a nice step up this quarter, and one of the things you had mentioned in the press release at least was a -- part of that obviously is ongoing consumer household build, but also consumer behavior changes and usage. Can you expand on what it is that you're seeing there?
Stephen D. Steinour: Throughout this year, we've seen a lot more debit card transaction volume off the same base than we had anticipated. And it looks like the consumers are spending again, so that the average tickets have changed, and that has balance implications and other things. So it's an indicator that the -- of consumer confidence and progress through the recovery. And so that's -- it's -- that's what we're implying.
Operator: And your final question comes from line of Terry McEvoy from Oppenheimer.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up question on OCR. Each quarter, you give us a number of households with 6-plus products and services. And with 20 -- maybe 21 now if you include the credit cards products out there, how do you think about the mix of those products and services, some I'm guessing are more profitable from your perspective and stickier than others? And have you been able to improve that mix and can that drive some growth going forward, assuming that, that it is correct?
Stephen D. Steinour: So, Terry, we watch the mix and what's going on with it. Some of the cross-sell menu items are revenue-related, others are expense-related. So online statements, things like that, what we're trying to both drive revenue and lower cost of servicing. And we're continuing to make progress. We also, I think earlier this year, talked about a new incentive system that has more variability and it gives us more capability to adjust our targeting than we had in the past. And we would expect to do that to enhance the performance, both of revenue and expense on the consumer side of the OCR process going forward.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And just a follow-up, if you look at the FDIC data that recently came out, are you satisfied with your -- I think you call it your welcome culture and how that translated into certain market share gains and do you think the strategy was justified in terms of what we saw in the FDIC numbers?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the FDIC we don't actually spend a lot of time, spot in time, there's some window dressing that occurs around it. It doesn't reflect mix. So for us, we've been shifting the mix quite a bit from CD to other low-cost, no-cost. Also collateralized to government or commercial to non-collateralized. So we -- again, don't put a lot of weight into it. So it's not something we actually sit down and say we're pleased or other feeling, otherwise about it. We'll continue to adjust the mix as we go forward. Dave's comments reflected that. We've had CD maturities of a little over $3 billion over the next year at more than 1%. And that will be part of how we attempt to mitigate the pricing pressure on the asset side as it has been in the past. So let me wrap up. Grateful for the interesting questions. The third quarter from our perspective was a solid quarter. We delivered positive operating leverage for the first 9 months, a commitment we made at the beginning of the year. Revenue from the -- our investments and everyday blocking and tackling has allowed us to offset some headwinds for the mortgage market and certainly the yield curve. We've taken meaningful actions to reset the bar on expenses, and while we continue to modestly invest, we understand the need to improve our overall efficiency ratio. The consumer commercial relationships continue to grow, cross-sell continues to get better and compared to the first half, customer activity has improved in the third quarter, and we believe will in the fourth as well. We've positioned ourselves to be able to grow the balance sheet, and above all else, we will remain disciplined in the use of our capital and deliver appropriate returns. So thanks for your interest in Huntington today, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation. This concludes today's conference call, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Beekman - Director of Investor Relations David S. Anderson - Interim Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer, Executive Vice President and Controller Daniel J. Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank
Analysts: Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, my name is Tracy, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to Huntington Bancshares Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I'll now introduce and turn the call over to Mr. Todd Beekman. You may begin your conference.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Tracy, and welcome. This is Todd Beekman, the Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides that we will be reviewing can be found on our IR website at www.huntington-ir.com. This call is being recorded and will be available for rebroadcast starting about after an hour after the close of the call. Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. The presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures. And in that regard, I direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliation of the comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation, the additional earnings material released this morning, and the related 8-K, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 4. Today's discussion, including the Q&A, may contain forward-looking statements, such statements are based on information and assumption available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, the material we filed with the SEC, including most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Let's turn to Slide 5. Participating today are Steve Steinour, Chairman President and CEO; Dave Anderson, Interim Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Neumeyer, Chief Credit Officer. Let's get started. Dave?
David S. Anderson: Thank you, Todd. I will review our 2013 second quarter financial results. Next, Dan will provide an update on credit. Finally, Steve will provide an update on household and commercial relationship growth, as well as expectations for the balance of 2013. Turning to Slide 7. Huntington had a good second quarter. Results were very similar to the previous and year-ago quarter. For the second quarter, we reported net income of $151 million or earnings per share of $0.17. This resulted in a 1.08% return on assets and a 12% return on average tangible common equity. Fully-taxable equivalent revenue was $680 million, a decrease of less than 1% from the year-ago quarter. Net interest margin was 3.38%, down 4 basis points. Total average loans were up 1% over the last year-ago quarter. C&I and Automobile loans both increased by 6%. These increases were offset by a decrease in Commercial Real Estate loans of 17%. Fee income was down slightly as lower mortgage banking income and lower gains on the sale of Low Income Housing Tax Credit investments were offset by growth in electronic banking, service charges on deposits, and trust and brokerage fees. Expenses increased $1.6 million or less than 1% from the year-ago quarter. Salary and benefits increased due primarily to headcount growth in our in-store initiative and mortgage business. The increase in salaries and benefits was largely offset by lower expenses in marketing, consulting, legal, OREO and foreclosure, and mortgage representation and warranty claims. We continue to focus on controlling expenses as we make prudent investments for the future. The new rules for Basel III were released 2 weeks ago and we are evaluating the impact on Huntington. At this time, we estimate that the Tier 1 common ratio would decrease by 60 basis points under the final Basel III rules. This potential impact is meaningfully better than our prior estimate of 150 basis points based upon last year's proposed rules. Steve will provide additional detail later in the call, but you can see that our optimal customer relationship methodology is continuing to drive success throughout the company. Consumer household and commercial relationships continue to grow at a pace above that of our regional footprint, and importantly, customers are building deeper relationships with Huntington. Turning to Slide 8. Dan will cover credit in more detail later in the call, but you can see that credit quality continues to improve in the second quarter. Net charge-offs decreased by $49 million over the last year to an annualized rate of 34 basis points. Charge-offs are now better than our long-term goal of 35 to 55 basis points, a few quarters earlier than we expected. Even with the addition last year of $63 million related to Chapter 7 consumer loans, nonaccrual loans were down $111 million or 23% over the course of the year, and now represent 87 basis points of total loans and leases. Our capital remains strong. Tier 1 common risk-based capital increased 63 basis points to 10.71% over the last year. As we compare our results to the first quarter of 2013, net interest margin of 3.38% was down 4 basis points from the last quarter. Mortgage banking income was almost down $12 million to the first quarter of 2013. Last quarter also included a $7.6 million gain from the sale of Low Income Housing Tax Credits. Expenses increased less than 1% due to seasonal-related changes and a 1% increase in headcount. In the second quarter, we repurchased 10 million shares of stock at an average price of $7.50 under our 2013 capital plan. As a reminder, we have the ability to repurchase up to $227 million dollars worth of common stock from the second quarter of 2013 to the first quarter of 2014, leaving $152 million of authorization remaining for the next 3 quarters. The quarterly level of repurchases will vary based upon the stock price. Slide 9 is a summary of our quarterly earnings trends and key performance metrics. While this is a great snapshot of our recent results, many of these items will be discussed elsewhere. So I'll move on to Slide 10. On this slide, we show the breakdown of operating leverage for the first half of the year. In this slide, we measure the growth of revenue and expenses, adjusted for significant items and for the volatility from MSR, the auto securitization gains and last year's bargain purchase gain from the Fidelity acquisition. On the adjusted basis, revenues increased by 0.2% and expenses increased by 0.6%, creating negative operating leverage for the first half of the year. We remain committed to delivering positive operating leverage for the full year, and expect to deliver this through an increase in net interest income and our continued focus on controlling and reducing expenses. Slide 11 displays the trends of our net interest income and margin. The right side displays a 4 basis point decrease in our net interest margin over the last year to 3.38% for the quarter, which reflected the impact of a 22 basis point increase from the reduction of deposit rates in non-core funding, which reflects the continued benefit of our net remix of deposits and the redemption of trust preferreds; a 21 basis point decline in earning asset yield; and 5 basis points of lower benefit from noninterest-bearing funding. The right side of Slide 12 shows the improvement in our deposit mix. The improved deposit mix reflects the success of the Fair Play banking strategy by remixing and growing consumer and commercial no- and low-cost deposits. This improving mix has contributed to the 15-basis point decline in the average rate paid on total deposits over the last 5 quarters. On the left side, you'll see the maturities schedule of our CD portfolio, which represents a potential opportunity for continuing to lower our deposit costs, as new CDs are coming in around 30 basis points. Related to the last 2 slides, we have added a slide to the Appendix, Slide 39, that provides some additional granularity on the breakout of fixed versus variable rate for assets and liabilities. Slide 13 provides a summary income statement for the last 5 quarters. I spoke earlier about several of the notable changes in non-interest income and expenses, but I would like to touch on these in more detail. Compared to the last quarter, mortgage banking income was down almost $12 million, as the net benefit from the MSR decreased by a similar amount. The vast majority of the MSR asset is held at lower cost to market. With recent increase in the long-term yield -- the long end of yield curve, the asset is now valued on the cost side of that calculation. Service charges on deposits increased $7 million, as not only commercial treasury management activity picked up, but seasonal trends in customer activity and an 8% annualized growth in consumer checking households more than offset the approximate $2 million drag from the full quarter impact of February's change in posting order. Capital markets activity increased by over $4 million, to $12 million, which is around the quarterly run rate prior to the particularly low level in the first quarter. As we discussed then, we expected a slowdown in commercial customer activity. As you can tell, that picked up in the second quarter, but it's still not back to what we think is normal. Expenses increased less than 1%, as second quarter marketing experienced its normal seasonality, and personal expenses increased due to a less than 1% increase in headcount and modest merit increases for non-executives. These were offset by lower credit-related costs such as OREO and foreclosure, and lower rep and warranty expenses. Slide 14 reflects the trends in capital. The tangible common equity ratio decreased 14 basis points from the prior quarter. The decrease was primarily due to a reduction in the value of our investment securities portfolio caused by rising interest rates that flow through to accumulated other comprehensive income. Over the last year, the Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased from 10.08% to 10.71%. Our capital ratios were also impacted by the repurchase of common shares. Total common stock repurchases over the last 4 quarters were 31.6 million shares at an average price of $6.85 per share. As I mentioned earlier, we currently estimate that Basel III will negatively impact our Tier 1 common ratio by approximately 60 basis points, which is mostly driven by the change in asset risk weightings. Let me turn the presentation over to Dan Neumeyer to review credit trends. Dan?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Dave. Slide 15 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit quality trends were again very positive in the quarter. The net charge-off ratio fell to 34 basis points on an annualized basis compared to 51 basis points in the prior quarter. This level of charge-offs falls below our longer-term targeted range of 35 to 55 basis points, and is aided by an improved economic environment and healthy recoveries. Given the absolute low level of charge-offs, some volatility from quarter-to-quarter is likely, although we expect the overall level to continue to be positive. Loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing were down slightly in the quarter to 23 basis points and remained very well-controlled. The nonaccrual loan ratio showed continued modest improvement in the quarter, falling to 0.87% of total loans. The NPA ratio showed similar improvement, falling from 101 basis points to 95 basis points. The criticized asset ratio also showed improvement, falling from 4.49% to 4.24%. The allowance for loan and lease loss and the allowance for credit loss to loans ratios fell in the quarter to 1.76% and 1.86%, respectively, down from 1.81% and 1.91% in the prior quarter, reflecting continued asset quality improvement. The ALLL and the ACL coverage ratios both increased modestly due to the reduction in nonperformers in the quarter. Slide 16 shows the trends in our nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates the continued reduction in our NPAs, falling another 5% in the second quarter. The chart on the right shows the NPA inflows, which fell in the quarter to 25 basis points of beginning of period loans. We expect this basic trend to continue. Slide 17 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. As I mentioned before, NPAs fell by 5% in the quarter, and the level of NPA inflows was the lowest experienced in the last year, and is less than 50% of the level of inflows from 1 year ago. Turning to Slide 18. We provide a similar flow analysis of commercial criticized loans. This quarter saw a similar level of inflow as the prior quarter, with upgrades, paydowns and charge-offs contributing to a 5% reduction for the quarter. All of our reported results incorporate the findings of the recently completed Shared National Credit exam. Moving to Slide 19. Commercial loan delinquencies remained elevated in both the 30- and 90-day categories over what we had shown from the first quarter of '11 through the first quarter of '12. The increase is due to the addition of the Fidelity portfolio. All of the 90-day delinquencies are related to the Fidelity purchased impaired loans, which are recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain in accruing status. However, delinquencies remain very well-controlled in the aggregate. Slide 20 outlines consumer loan delinquencies, which were in line with expectations. 30-day consumer delinquencies showed a slight uptick from the first quarter. Home equity delinquencies showed improvement in the quarter, although that was more than offset by an increase in residential delinquencies. Although residential delinquencies were up in the quarter, they were 74 basis points lower than 1 year ago. 90-day delinquencies remain very well-controlled and showed modest improvement in the quarter. Auto, home equity and residential all showed modest improvement quarter-over-quarter. Reviewing Slide 21, the loan loss provision of $24.7 million was down $5 million from the prior quarter and was $10 million less than net charge-offs. The ratio of the ACL to nonaccrual loans rose from 207% to 214%, due to the previously noted reduction in nonperformers. The ACL to loans was lower at 1.86% compared to 1.91% last quarter. Most of the major credit metrics showed continued improvement and, therefore, we believe these coverage levels remain adequate and appropriate. In summary, we are pleased with the quarter's credit results. We remain focused on quality and discipline in our new business originations in a very competitive environment. With regard to our metrics, we anticipate the possibility of some quarter-to-quarter volatility, but expect overall improvement, including lower criticized loans and lower NPAs. Let me turn the presentation over to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you, Dan. Turning to Slide 22. Our Fair Play banking philosophy coupled with our optimal customer relationship, or OCR, continues to drive new customer growth and strength in product penetration. This slide recaps the continued strong upward trend in consumer checking account households. For the quarter, consumer checking account households grew at an annualized rate of 8% and have increased 11% in the last year. Since launching this strategy in the third quarter of 2010, we've increased our consumer customer households by over 330,000. In less than 3 years, we've added the equivalent of the entire population of Cincinnati. At the same time, we've meaningfully increased the number of products and services we provide to those customers. In the last year alone, we've increased the number of customers that use 6 or more products, from over 43% to nearly 47%. As we mentioned last quarter, we are beginning to breakout the percentage of customers with 6-plus products because that is the level we've adjusted our internal targets to focus upon. For the last few years, our 4-plus targets are aimed at increasing customer retention, which is important, as it costs less to keep an existing customer longer than it does to bring another customer in the door. To that end, as we think about incremental customers and revenue generation, consumer checking household revenue increased $3 million since the second quarter of 2012. That's net of an $8 million negative impact related to last quarter's change in posting order. Turning to Slide 23. Commercial relationships grew at an annualized rate of over 6% and have increased by over 33,000 commercial customers since the second quarter of 2010. At the end of the quarter, 36% of our commercial relationships utilized 4 or more products or services, which is 3% higher than this time last year. Related commercial revenue of $179 million, while down $11 million from a year ago, is up $3 million from prior quarter, as we began to see commercial activity pick back up from below normal levels in the first quarter. The pipeline continue to rebuild and the third quarter is off to a solid start. Turning to Slide 24 and 2013 expectations, we do have a few changes to our expectations and I will call these out as we go through the slides. We continue to benefit from the strength in the Midwest economy, and believe our strategies will continue to drive growth and improve profitability. With regard to interest rates, while the long end has seen a high level of volatility, the shorter end of the curve remains low. With our on-balance sheet loans averaging about 3 years in duration, the movement in the long end does not help us all that much, but we expect the low short end to provide continued opportunity for deposit repricing and continued shift in our deposit mix. We expect net interest margin to remain fairly stable, and for the full year, we do not expect it to fall below the mid 3.30s, as a percent. Modest total loan growth is expected to continue, and know that we will remain disciplined. The C&I pipeline is robust, and we continue to expect stronger growth in the second half of the year when compared to the first half. Auto loan originations remain strong. As we've moved through the quarter, there were several items that we continued to watch carefully. First was the relative attractiveness of incremental securities reinvestment versus auto loans. Auto loans, with their short duration, 3.25% effective yield and very clean credit quality are the compelling asset class in that comparison. The second factor we've been watching is the securitization market itself. And over the last month, rising rates and widening spreads on the senior subordinate tranches leave less excess spread for residual holders and, in turn, results in a smaller gain. And that gain could be reduced by 30% to 40% lower than our last securitization. For those reasons, we do not expect any auto securitization in 2013. This is a change from past expectations, and the net change you should expect is more auto loans and a steady decline of the available-for-sale securities portfolio. Commercial Real Estate balances should stabilize around the current $5 billion level, and all other consumer loan categories should reflect modest growth. Deposit balances will continue -- will reflect continued growth in low cost deposits, resulting in total deposit growth in line with or slightly less than loan growth. The other change in expectations this quarter is related to non-interest income. When compared to the 2012 full year, excluding any impact from securitizations, net change in MSR or one-time gains, 2013's expected to be flat to slightly down, as the expected slowdown in mortgage banking should be mostly offset by the benefit of our growth in new relationships with increased cross-sell, and the continued maturation of our past strategic investments. It's worth noting that, yesterday, the board approved the curtailment of pension benefits. This is expected to result in a one-time noncash gain to be recognized in the third quarter. And we'll have more information on this subsequent event in this quarter's 10-Q. Noninterest expense is expected to increase slightly due to higher commission expense, driven by higher expected fee revenue and the impact of the continued build-out of our in-store branches. The change in pension should lower expense modestly, and we'll continue to evaluate additional cost-save opportunities, as we remain committed to positive operating leverage for the full year. We will deliver positive operating leverage for the full year. If the revenue doesn't materialize, we will deliver offsetting expense saves. On the credit front, nonperforming assets are expected to experience continued improvement, net charge-offs and provisions are below the long -- the low end of our long term expected range, and we're several quarters earlier than we expected in achieving these results. So very pleased with the work that Dan and all of his team and other lenders throughout the bank, who have been working diligently for years now to improve credit quality and get us to a normal level, and we believe we've achieved that now. The risk on the balance sheet today is very different than when I arrived in 2009. We've completely overhauled not just credit, but the entire enterprise risk management throughout the organization. We have a much stronger set of practices that we're working from, and a terrific group of colleagues. In summary, the environment remains challenging, but we have put a few good quarters together, and the year's off to a solid start. The second quarter had some very strong areas, continued household and commercial growth, several times that of the region. That growth and improving customer activity drove improvements in many fee income areas, namely: Service charges on deposits, electronic banking and capital markets, amongst others; nearly flat expenses when compared to linked quarter and last year; increased cross-sell across the board; and net charge-offs reaching normal levels. As with all banks, there were some challenges. Pricing is tight, and structure is loosening, but I think you're seeing some separation between banks. Discipline, during this time of the cycle, we believe is crucial. Decisions now are what impact the balance sheet and credit during the next cycle. The few of us that have continued to invest are just starting to see the long-term benefits of these multi-year investments. And our differentiated strategies are working. We will grow where we have relationship advantages and competitive advantages. And above all else, we will remain disciplined in the use of our capital and deliver appropriate returns. Thank you for your interest in Huntington. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Todd Beekman: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Tracy, we'll take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: First question just in terms of operating leverage. Obviously, you've not been hitting it. I know it's a big goal of yours. And, Steve, you're very, I guess, enthusiastic about hitting it this year. Maybe sort of just 2 parts to this. One, what's been the problem in terms of getting operating leverage so far, despite your, I guess, efforts to get positive leverage? And then, two, it seems that we're kind of getting to the point where you've missed in the first half, going into second half, are you at risk of, I guess, taking more aggressive actions like cutting -- just not doing any marketing in the back half the year or something that doesn't -- is not necessarily in the right interest of the bank, but yet it allows you to hit your positive number that may not be sustainable going into '14?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, Ken, we won't do anything that impairs the long-term objectives and returns of the bank. Remember, we're all long-term shareholders. We changed our structures to include hold-to-retirement. So we will not take decisions and actions that will result in long-term trade-offs, such as you're suggesting. The first quarter started off, as we talked before, with a lot of challenge, I think much of that induced by what was going on in Washington. Second quarter was better. We've said all along, we think the second half gets -- will be better than the first half. We are starting the quarter with a strong commercial pipeline. Activities picked up in the second quarter in trust, brokerage, capital markets, treasury and management, a number of our areas that we expect will offset further decline in mortgage. And as we relayed, we expect modest balance sheet growth and discipline around the NIM. So we will deliver positive operating leverage in the second half. And we've announced initiatives around continuous improvement, the hiring of a new executive to help us enhance our management of processes, and bring more economics through to the company, including the customer -- ease at which our customers do business with us. Does this answer that?
David S. Anderson: Quickly, I'll add to it. If you look at our fourth quarter expenses, we had about a $25 million increase in 2012. And that was really due to us really gearing up for regulatory. So we don't expect to see that repeated in the fourth quarter of 2013.
Stephen D. Steinour: Does that answer your question, Ken?
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It does and I appreciate that. I guess my one follow-up question. Just in terms of auto yields, have they changed noticeably over the last couple of months or so? And does that have any impact on your willingness to grow that portfolio faster than you would have, say, 2 months ago?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, our yields in the last couple of months are essentially the same as what they were previously. There's been yield compression in that asset class over the last year and a half. And as you've seen last year and continuing this year, we remain disciplined on the pricing side. And despite overall increases in new car sales, our originations are flat year-over-year, and that reflects this discipline. As we've said before, we're not playing the market share game here. We were prepared -- we showed it last year, we let market share in Ohio slip a bit in order to maintain price. And our auto business, just to more fundamentally reflect on it, is a lot about relationships. We do a lot with -- on the wholesale side, and we have a single business unit that drives both the retail and wholesale. And we've been at it for a long time.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, so new loan yields have not gone up in the last 2 months?
Stephen D. Steinour: The new loan yields have not gone up but they haven't -- I think your question was, have you seen any material change. I thought you're implying reduction.
Operator: Your next question is from Craig Siegenthaler from Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sticking back on the auto loan topic. Can you tell us what the new money yield was in the second quarter on your average indirect auto loan versus a 3.96% balance?
Stephen D. Steinour: We were originating around the 3.25% in the second quarter.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it, helpful. And then second question, and sticking also back to operating leverage. Can you help us quantify the run rate expense saved quarterly from the curtailment of the pension plan?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we've not shared that yet, but there will obviously be a run rate impact, which we flagged in the comments. And you'll pick that up with the gain in the Q.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So just on the context of NIM, the rate of change has been pretty moderate, and you still have the CD benefits coming through. Just wondering as you guys look forward, how close are we getting to that point, with rates now backing up a little bit, where you can see that eventual stabilization of NIM? Do you have that line of sight into what part maybe of next year you think you can start to bottom that out?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it's hard to project with all the volatility, even the differences in comments amongst the Fed governors. So we'd be reluctant to venture too far into that. As you know, we're managing it intensely. We will continue. We've shown a lot of discipline. If you look at this overall multi-year period, we still have a fair amount of CD maturities over the next 4 quarters, and the core strategy of growing low-cost deposits continues to work for us. So we're offsetting the asset compression with managing this liability side, both mix and rate, I think reasonably well, and we expect to continue to do that.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. My follow-up, just a more specific question. The securities book has looked like it's kind of lapping the comps. The yield on that book has held pretty consistent, although the book has continued to shrink. So I'm wondering, is there any change with regards to what you're putting on now versus what's rolling off and -- or your desires to start building that back up a little bit, especially if the deposit growth continues to be a little bit ahead of loan growth?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the change reflected in the conversation earlier is that the investment portfolio reinvest decisions that we make -- we get roughly $100 million, $125 million of cash flow off the investment portfolio a month. We'll be -- instead of putting that back into securities, at this rate, with the outlook in volatility, we will put it the into the auto loans. We like a short duration, higher-yielding asset without the OCI, which is reflected in that substitution, if you will. There'll be -- perhaps, there will be a moment when there's a greater stability that we'll look at that investment portfolio maybe changing directions, but in the -- through this year, we'll stay with not reinvesting and putting it into the auto portfolio.
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Foran with Autonomous.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: I guess just on your noninterest-bearing deposits and kind of the core growth in customer households. Can you remind us -- there's some concern there's a noninterest-bearing deposit bubble in the industry, you guys have had one of the biggest remixes, from kind of 15% of deposits precycled, around 29% now, but you're also still a little bit below average, and you've had some pretty clear strategies to grow that. So I guess when you put it all together, a, what are you assuming in terms of deposits when you kind of evaluate your asset sensitivity? And then, b, kind of any thoughts on how your noninterest-bearing deposits will hold up relative to the industry as rates eventually move someday?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, as we -- when we launched the strategy in 2009 and expressed that in the Investor Conference in '10, it was with the view all along that we wanted to create long-term, relationship-based, low cost deposits, and thus, the emphasis on cross-sell and the reporting on 4-plus products per household. And so in line with that, we found in 2010, in part of that release, that there was a material difference in the stickiness of those deposits if they had 4-plus products or services with us. So having achieved substantial growth in the 4-plus, and now having shifted to 6-plus, it gives us -- and expecting to continue to grow the 6-plus penetration in the overall cross-sell distribution, we think we're going to get a fairly sticky consumer deposit base here, and expect that to be sustaining through a change in rates. We're -- although we've grown at a pace greater than many in the industry, we're still about 5% below the average. So we do expect -- we think we've got great product in Asterisk-Free and our premium checking product, both coming with 24-Hour Grace, unique feature, we think we've got tremendously differentiated loyalty in the base.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: And then as a follow-up on capital with all the recent changes, I mean clearly, you come out in a better place. You were in a good place to begin with, but in a better place now. And I just wonder what are kind of the big puts and takes in terms of how it might affect balance sheet decisions going forward. It doesn't seem like it's changed any of your cautiousness around OCIs, I guess I kind of wanted to verify that. And then, also, it's kind of early to talk about next year's CCAR, but with the benefit of a 10% Basel III ratio, how are you thinking about your setup for capital in 2014 and beyond?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, these -- the rules just came out. We'll have a lot of board discussion about '14. And of course, we'll get, late in the year, the scenario to review. So it'd be very premature to have any commentary on '14. As we've said before, we think our capital is robust. We were pleased this year to be able to increase the dividend. I like to say up 25%, others reflect it's up $0.01. But the 25% sounds good to me. And then the buyback increase year-over-year was helpful. Our capital priorities haven't changed. Our view of our capital being strong is something that, as an organization, we intend to keep strong capital, but we view the Basel III announcements as possibly creating more flexibility within the Fed. And we'll be reviewing that and try to ascertain that as we go forward.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Bob Ramsey with FBR.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just wanted to touch a little bit more on expenses. I know you all said the expense outlook is consistent with prior expectations, and I think that was $10 million to $20 million above the first quarter run rates. You're talking about 4 52, 4 62 a quarter in the back half of the year. Is that right?
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes. You're in the right ZIP code.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. And I guess, going back to the questions about positive operating leverage. I mean, that sort of implies expenses are flat to higher year-over-year, and your fee income and net interest income pieces sort of implied that those items are flat to down year-over-year. I'm just kind of curious what I'm missing.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the fee income was flat to down. The net interest income, we expect balance sheet growth, modest balance sheet growth, and that will be additive. And we flagged with this pension and expense savings, there are other expense opportunities that we have been working on and will continue to work on that we expect to translate as well. So we tried to be cautious in our outlook, given the volatility that's just occurred with interest rates, as we think about the second half.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. So that sounds like you're hopeful to be at least at the low end of the expense guidance?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it depends on volumes, because we've got a fair amount of commission-related volume activities. So I don't mean to be cute on this in any way or hedging, but it does in fact reflect activity-based results.
Operator: Your next question is from Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is a follow-up to Ken Usdin's question. You've often talked about your short duration securities portfolio as dry powder. And I heard your message loud and clear in terms of opting to retain auto loans instead. I guess, could you remind us on what your concentration sensitivity is in terms of auto loans, the percentage of your loan book? And would that be a signal that you may lever your balance sheet more aggressively if you reach that limit?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Hey, Erika, this is Dan. We have plenty of capacity and we look at the auto book in several ways. We look at it as a percentage of capital. We also look at how much we want as a percentage of the loan book. And we have over $2 billion of capacity at this time. We can always revisit those guidelines later, but we feel very comfortable that we can continue to hold those on the sheet and not impinge on any of our guidelines.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And this is for you as well, Dan. The charge-offs for the industry, and for Huntington specifically, have continued to trend at the low end of normal or even below normal. In your experience of past credit cycles, how long do you think the industry can enjoy sub-normal charge-offs for?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Obviously, a hard question to answer. But we are -- we still see greater than, I would say, average recoveries. And while that will begin to dissipate a bit, they are still strong at this time. We're still enjoying improvement in the overall portfolio, so criticized and classified are still coming down. We've been very disciplined in our new originations, so I wouldn't expect to see lots of new inflows on the things that we've originated since 2009. So I think that there still is a period of time where we're going to experience pretty low levels of charge-offs. Now we're at a level now where the absolute level any quarter could move around, because in the commercial book at 4 basis points, any one deal is going to move that. But I think, in general, we are going to have -- we feel pretty good in the near-term outlook, and even the medium-term outlook, that there will be a fairly low level of charge-offs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Levin with Citi.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So earlier in the year, I think you and your peers sounded more confident about loan growth picking up in the second half the year. And now, it sounds like everyone's sort of dialed back their expectations a little bit about the second half the year. And a lot of this is being attributed to customer confidence. What's going on? I mean, what's really changed out there that's gotten sort of the customer to retrench a little bit? Or is it -- am I wrong, is there some other cause?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, at least here at Huntington, so I'm talking on behalf of the industry, the expectation was always that the second half would be stronger than the first half. As we went into the year, we saw a scenario where we thought it would be weak, and it certainly was. Coming with a combination of sequestration, debt cliff, health care and tax reform, it just, in my opinion, stalled what typically would be early investment decisions. And that has continued, in part because of some global volatility, although the confidence is better today and has improved off the first quarter consistently. For us, we've remained disciplined. And you can see that in how the NIMs are holding in. And we're very return-focused. So as the competition has heated up, perhaps even more than we might have expected, it's had a bit of an impact as well. But we're -- we've made strategic decisions to be relationship-focused in 2009. We've maintained that discipline going forward. You can see on the commercial portfolio, as a whole, as we report 4-plus cross-sell, that continues to improve, and we'll maintain the course here. So there's perhaps a bit of frothiness that, with our discipline, we're not -- we're just not playing in. And that's having a marginal impact.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: What's the bull case for loan growth picking it up? Is it more like a slow ramp? Or is there potential for more like a coiled spring?
Stephen D. Steinour: I would describe it as a slow ramp and, therefore, consistent with our outlook.
Operator: Your next question is from Steven Alexopoulos with JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to start -- I know you said you didn't expect a large ramp in regulatory costs this year like you saw last year. But as you prepare to become a CCAR bank now, how much incremental expense should we be thinking about for the back half of the year?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we were clear last year that, through the middle of the year, we expected to file a CCAR. It was only a midyear change. And we invested, I think we disclosed $10 million around regulatory issues. And you can assume quite a bit of that was related to CCAR preparations. So a lot of our investment is in, and we do not expect to have a disclosable level of further investment in the second half of this year.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just for a separate question. Regarding the bulletin that CFPB put out in March on dealer markup, at this stage have you seen a change in behavior at the dealer level? And have you implemented any new practices to limit dealers marking up loans selectively?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we haven't seen any change with the dealers. And there's been a further request for information. So this is still pending a review and, frankly, a clarification to the industry by the CFPB, but no change in behavior that we've noticed.
Operator: Your next question is from Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a question, checking account question on that Slide 22. How much of that growth is coming from the new in-store branches versus the rest of the footprint?
Stephen D. Steinour: The in-stores are outproducing sort of -- as a percentage of total branches, they're outproducing. They're driving about 30% of the checking account production now. This is what we envisioned. We saw them as an acquisition machine when we announced Giant Eagle initially, being able to create dialogue, create hopefully relationship as a consequence of the dialogue to the [indiscernible] activity that our colleagues engage in, plus the 7-day a week, 80 hours of convenience that we offer in that setting. It has proven to work well for us, and we remain bullish on it.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay, and those are good numbers. And also just on top of that. Just curious how long do you think the runway is in terms of your ability to continue to put up those kinds of growth numbers. I mean, do you feel like you're getting saturated in some markets or are we just very early?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we've been -- the Meijer in-store relationship is still very, very early. It was just announced not even a year ago. And this year, we've got over 30 in-stores that are opening. We -- so we think we've got best product with Asterisk-Free Checking account. We've got unique feature with 24-Hour Grace. The Fair Play banking positioning is a big advantage, and we'll continue to invest in the products and the positioning to drive that growth. It's -- we have a denominator effect as we continue to have households in terms of the rate of growth. But we'll continue to add about 30,000 households a quarter, net to the base.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is from Ryan Stevens [ph].
Unknown Analyst: Have you -- just a follow-up to Steve's questions. Have you changed your allowable yield spread premium for the dealers?
Stephen D. Steinour: No, we have not. We have not changed it this year. We made changes a couple of years ago.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. I mean how do you envision going forward? Do you want to move to sort of a flat fee? Do you want to move to sort of 2% caps? I mean, how do you think about that?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we're going to wait and let the CFPB's position become clear before we make a decision about which direction we're going to go, if any. We may in fact be well-positioned depending on their findings.
Operator: At this time, there are no further questions in queue. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Todd Beekman: Thank you very much for your interest in Huntington. If you have additional questions, feel free to call Investor Relations at (614) 480-5676. Thank you very much, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Beekman - Director of Investor Relations Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Daniel J. Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts: R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Adam Chaim - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Thomas Frick - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Todd Beekman, Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin your conference.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Paula, and welcome. I'm Todd Beekman, the Director of Relations -- of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides can be reviewed -- we will be reviewing can be found on our website at www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about after an hour after the call. Please call Investor Relations at (614) 480-5676 for more information on how to access the recording or playback if you have difficulty getting copy of the slides. Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures. And in that regard, I direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to the comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation, additional earnings-related material released this morning as an 8-K, that all can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 4. Today's presentation, including the Q&A, may contain forward-looking statements, as such statements are based on information and assumptions available at the time and are subject to risks, change and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, the material filed with the SEC including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now turning to today's presentation. As noted on Slide 5, participating are Steve Steinour, Chairman President and CEO; Don Kimble, our Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer. Let's get started. Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Thanks, Todd, and welcome, everyone. I'll begin with a review of some the quarter's financial performance highlights and will be followed by Dan, who'll provide a brief update on credit. Steve will then wrap up with an update on our continued household and commercial relationship growth and a discussion of our 2013 expectations. Turning to Slide 7. First quarter of 2013 was a solid start for the year for Huntington. For the quarter, we reported EPS of $0.17 per share, resulting in a 1.1% return on assets and a 12.4% return on tangible common equity. This quarter's performance reflected a $24 million or 3% decline in total revenues from the first quarter of last year, driven by a $33 million decline in noninterest income. This decline reflects the absence of the securitization transaction, which contributed $23 million in 2012 and the $11.4 million bargain purchase price gain last year. Offsetting this decline was a $9 million increase in net interest income. Net interest margin increased by 2 basis points to 3.42%. Loans increased 4% over the year, led by commercial and industrial loans, up 14% from last year and auto loans, which were up 6%. Expenses declined $20 million from a year-ago quarter, as we recognized a $23 million increase to litigation reserves last year. This quarter, we delivered a positive operating leverage and a slight improvement to our efficiency ratio to 63.3%. Turning to Slide 8. Steve will provide additional detail later in the call, but you can see that our OCR methodology is continuing to drive success throughout the company. Consumer households and commercial relationships continue to grow at a pace well above that of our Midwest footprint. And importantly, customers are building deeper relationships with Huntington. Turning to credit quality. Net charge-offs decreased by $31 million over last year to an annualized base of 51 basis points. This represents the first time since the first quarter of 2008 that we've been in our long-term target range of 35 to 55 basis points. Even with the addition last year of $63 million related to the Chapter 7 consumer loans, nonaccrual loans were down $87 million or 19% over the course of the year and our allowance for credit losses as a percent of nonaccrual loans increased 1 percentage point to 207%. Our capital remains strong, our TCE and Tier 1 common ratios were both up around 0.5%. Our Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios were both impacted by last year's redemption of $230 million for a higher cost of trust preferred securities. Turning to Slide 9 for comparisons with the fourth quarter of 2012. In addition to some of the earlier observations, the comparisons with the fourth quarter reflected a reduction in our net interest margin, as 2012 fourth quarter included 5 basis points of purchase accounting and other temporary benefits, while the current quarter included only 2 basis points of similar items. Also a $16.5 million of lower mortgage banking income reflecting the 3.6% low origination volumes and tighter spreads on sales of mortgages. We also completed the share repurchases under our 2012 capital plan with the repurchase of 4.7 million shares at an average cost of $7.07. Turning to Slide 10 and other highlights for the quarter. As previously disclosed, we received a non-objection from the Federal Reserve for our 2013 annual capital plan. This plan included a 25% increase to our common dividend to $0.05 per share and also included a share repurchases totaling $227 million for the fourth quarter. We completed the sale of certain low income housing investments that result in a $7.6 million gain, and we exceeded our $4 billion 2010 lending commitment to small businesses. We are pleased with additional third-party validation of our commitment to service quality and strong growth. We were the recipient of a TNS Choice Award for the central region or about 1/3 of the U.S. for our outstanding customer acquisition, retention and satisfaction. And for the fourth time, we are recognized for outstanding customer service of the APECS 2012 Top Advocacy Award for Customer Service in our region. Turning to Slide 11. This is a summary of our quarterly earnings trends. Many of these performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation. So turning to Slide 12. This shows our breakdown of our operating leverage for the first quarter. Several people have asked to clarify how we think about our operating leverage. And simply put, revenue outgrows expenses when we adjust for significant items and the volatility of the MSR from the timing of our auto securitizations. As shown here, we've produced positive operating leverage for the period. On this adjusted basis, revenues increased by 1.2% and expenses increased by 0.8%. Slide 13 displays the trends of our net interest income and margin. The right side displays a 2 basis point increase in our net interest margin over the last year to 3.42% for the quarter, which reflected the impact of 23 basis point increase from the reduction in deposit rates and lower noncore funding, reflecting the continued remix of our deposits and the redemption of the trust preferred securities. This is offset by a 16 basis point decline in earning asset yield and 5 basis points of lower benefit from net free funds. Turning to Slide 14. On the right, we have shown continued improvement in our deposit mix. The improved deposit mix reflects the success of Fair Play banking on growing consumer DDA, as well as the focus on growing commercial demand deposits. This improving mix has contributed to the 17 basis point decline in the average rate paid on total deposits over the last 5 quarters. The current quarter balances reflected efforts to reduce the level of collateralized deposits. On the left-hand side of the slide, you see that the maturity schedule of our CD portfolio, and another wave of higher-cost CDs are expected to mature in the second quarter of 2013. Slide 15 provides a summary income statement and some color on items impacting the linked quarter performance. Items of note included -- last quarter included $17 million of securitization gains, as we completed the $1 billion auto loan sale for the fourth quarter. As we continue to be well below our overall concentration limit of 20%, there's a clear opportunity given the environment to retain more of our auto loan production compared to other investment alternatives. These loans carry shorter duration and a higher yield than the securities we otherwise would have purchased and do not have the OCI risk. The interest income nearly offsets the loss fee income in 2013 with the net impact being well less than $0.01 of unfavorability in 2013. However, in 2014, the net impact increases EPS by about $0.01. We also had $16.5 million linked quarter decline in mortgage banking revenues. This reduction reflected lower secondary marketing gains and a 3.6% decline to origination volumes. We also recorded a $10 million positive net MSR benefit for this quarter, essentially equal to that of the fourth quarter. Noninterest expenses decreased by $27.8 million this quarter, reflecting a $15 million decrease to professional services, primarily related to temporary regulatory costs incurred last year. Marketing costs were down seasonally by $5.5 million and other personnel costs were up $5 million this quarter, the majority related to increases in employee-related taxes this quarter, which were partially offset by lower commission expense. Slide 16 reflects the trends in capital. Tangible common equity ratio increased 59 basis points from the prior quarter -- prior year's quarter and slightly up from the 2012 fourth quarter to 8.92%. The Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased 10.62% from 10.15% at the end of the year-ago quarter. These ratios reflected the impact of repurchasing 28.1 million common shares at an average price of $6.48. Let me turn the presentation over to Dan Neumeyer to review the credit trends.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Donald. Slide 17 presents an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit quality trends in the first quarter were very positive, led by the net charge-off ratio, which fell to 51 basis points on an annualized basis compared to 69 basis points in the prior quarter. This level of charge-offs falls within our long-term targeted range of 35 to 55 basis points. It is worth noting that given the absolute low level of charge-offs, some volatility from quarter-to-quarter is possible, although we expect the overall trend to continue to be positive. Loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing were stable in the quarter and remained very well controlled. You'll recall that in -- the second quarter uptick in last year in past dues was caused by the acquired Fidelity portfolio. Fidelity loans include accruing purchased impaired loans, which were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and will remain in accruing status. The nonaccrual loan ratio showed continued modest improvement in the quarter following [indiscernible] of total loans. The NPA ratio showed similar improvement through the continued reduction in commercial OREO balances in the quarter. The criticized asset ratio also showed improvement falling from 4.79% to 4.49%. The allowance for loan and lease loss and the allowance for credit loss to loans ratios fell in the quarter to 1.81% and 1.91%, respectively, down from 1.89% and 1.99% in the prior quarter, reflecting continued asset quality improvement. The ALLL and ACL coverage ratios both increased modestly due to the reduction in nonperformers in the quarter. Slide 18 shows the trends in our nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates continued reduction in our NPAs, decreasing 21% over the last year. The chart on the right shows the NPA inflows, which fell in the quarter to 28 basis points of beginning of period loans. Slide 19 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. NPAs fell by 7% in the quarter. The level of NPA inflows was the lowest experienced in the last year and the lower inflows drove the overall reduction. Turning to Slide 20. We provide a similar flow analysis of commercial criticized loans. This quarter saw a similar level of inflow as the prior quarter, with upgrades, pay-downs and charge-offs contributing to a 6% reduction for the quarter. Moving to Slide 21. Commercial loan delinquencies remained elevated in both the 30- and 90-day categories over what we had shown from the first quarter of '11 through the first quarter of '12. Again, the increase is due to the addition of the Fidelity portfolio. All of the 90-day delinquencies are related to the Fidelity purchased impaired loans, which are recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain in accruing status. However, delinquencies remain very well controlled in the aggregate. Slide 22 outlines consumer loan delinquencies, which are in line with expectations and reveal a generally improving trend. In aggregate, 30-day consumer delinquencies showed noticeable improvement quarter-over-quarter, as depicted in the chart on the left. All of the individual consumer loan categories showed improvement quarter-over-quarter. 90-day delinquencies showed modest improvement in the quarter with auto, home equity and other consumer all showing reductions. Reviewing Slide 23, the loan-loss provision of $29.6 million was down $10 million from the prior quarter and was $22 million less than net charge-offs. The ratio of ACL to the nonaccrual loans rose from 199% to 207%, due to the previously noted reduction in nonperformers. The ACL to loans was lower at 1.91% compared to 1.99% last quarter. Most of the major credit metrics showed continued improvement, and therefore, we believe this coverage levels remain adequate and appropriate. In summary, we are pleased with this quarter's credit results. We expect continued volatility but overall improvement in our credit metrics, including lower criticized loans and lower NPAs. Let me turn the presentation over to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: Turning to Slide 24. Our Fair Play banking philosophy coupled with our optimal customer relationship, or OCR, continues to drive new customer growth and strength in product penetration. This slide recaps the continued strong upward trend in consumer checking account households. For the quarter, consumer checking account households grew at an annualized rate of 11.8%. Our 4+ product through services penetration grew to 80%, an increase of 5% since this time last year. It's worth noting that in the second quarter, we anticipate making a change in our product and service count to a more conservative definition that will be most notable -- noticeable as modest decrease in our 4+ percentage. This change is a natural evolution, as we've made significant strides towards our 4+ cross-sell threshold. And as we hold ourselves to a higher standard, we are increasing our goals and measurement to drive 6+ products and services for our consumer, customers. For the fourth quarter-related revenue was $239 million, down $12 million from the quarter in 2012 mainly due to 2 items. That's -- the 2 -- first there are 2 -- few number of days, resulting in lower net interest income; and secondly, a decrease in service charges on deposit accounts. That decline reflects typical seasonality in the February implementation of a new posting order for consumer transaction accounts. Full year impact from the new posting order, which was incorporated in the previous 2013 guidance, is estimated to be between $25 million and $30 million. From here, we expect service charges on deposits to trend with overall household growth. Turning to Slide 25. Commercial relationships grew at an annualized rate of nearly 12%, as we experienced very strong growth in small business. At the end of the quarter, 36% of our commercial relationships utilized 4+ -- utilized 4 or more products and services. This is 3% higher than this time last year. Related commercial revenue of $175 million, while up $5 million from a year ago, is down $15 million from the fourth quarter of 2012. While the fourth quarter was particularly strong, the decline was larger than we expected, as we saw a noticeable change in commercial customer activity. Capital markets activity started off very slow, as many companies moved up transactions into December, given the uncertainties that existed at that time. Late in the quarter, we saw the pipeline rebuild and the second quarter is off to a solid start. Turning to Slide 26 and 2013 expectations. For the most part, we aren't changing our expectations all that much from what we stated in January. There are a few changes, and I will note these. We continue to benefit from the strength in the Midwest and believe our strategies will continue to drive growth and improve profitability. With regard to interest rates, we expect the interest rate environment will remain relatively stable. With the opportunities for deposit repricing and mix shift, we expect net interest margin to remain fairly stable and, for the full year, do not expect it to fall below the mid-3.30s percent. Modest total loan growth, excluding any future impacts of additional auto securitizations, is expected to continue. C&I pipeline is robust. Yet with the current economic uncertainties, we expect this to translate to stronger growth in the second half of this year. Auto loan originations remain strong. As we said last quarter, with the opportunity to change the size and timing of securitizations, the one change is that we are currently planning only one securitization for later in the year. Even with this change, we expect to continue to be well below our overall concentration limit of 20%. There's a clear opportunity given the environment to trade some of the securities reinvestments for auto loans. These loans carry a shorter duration and higher yield and do not have the OCI risk. The interest income gained by not securitizing nearly offsets the loss fee income in 2013, the net impact being well less than $0.01 and favorable in 2013. However, in 2014, the net impact due to higher interest income increases EPS by about $0.01. Our CRE balances, commercial real estate balances, should stabilize in 2013. We now expect that to be around $5 billion. Other consumer loan categories should reflect modest growth. Deposit balances will reflect continued growth in low-cost deposits, resulting in total deposit growth, in line with to slightly less than total loan growth. Noninterest income for the full year, excluding any impact from securitizations or change in net MSR, is expected to be relatively stable as the expected slowdown in mortgage banking will be offset by the benefit of our growth in new relationships and increased cross-sell success. Noninterest expenses in the first quarter were $10 million to $20 million lower than the quarterly run rate we expect for the remainder of the year. This slide lists a few areas where we expect to see an increase next quarter. But even with these increases, we remain committed to positive operating leverage for the full year. On the credit front, overall credit quality is expected to experience continued improvement and net charge-offs well in the normalized range this quarter -- this past quarter, are expected to remain volatile but reach sustainable normalized levels by the end of 2013. The level of provision for credit losses was at the low end of our long-term expectation. In summary, the environment remains challenging but 2013 is off to a solid start. The first quarter had some strong areas of performance: Double-digit annualized consumer and commercial relationship growth; net interest margin up 2 basis points from a year ago, with the cost of funds dropped another 23 basis points during that period; nearly $20 million in linked quarter decline in expenses; increased cross-sell across the board; 25% increase in our declared dividend and the approved buyback authorization; 5% annualized loan growth. Now as with all banks, there was some challenges. Pricing is tight and structure is loosening, but I think we are starting to see some separation between banks. A few of us that continue to invest are just starting to see some of the long-term benefits of these multiyear investments. Our differentiated strategies are working, and we will grow where we have relationship advantages and competitive advantages. We, our board, our management team and our employees are all long-term shareholders. So above all else, we'll remain disciplined in the use of our capital to drive appropriate risk-adjusted returns. Thanks for your interest in Huntington.
Todd Beekman: Operator, we'll now take questions. [Operator Instructions] Paula?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Scott Siefers of Sandler O'Neill.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Steve, I was hoping you could just expand upon some of the comments you made both in the text of the outlook and then toward the -- just toward the end of your prepared remarks there about some of the deterioration in structure and just not only pricing that you're seeing just in the market as a whole.
Stephen D. Steinour: I'll ask Dan Neumeyer to start, and I'll add to it. Dan, why don't you go ahead?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Sure. Well, as we've said for a number of quarters, obviously, pricing has been under pressure for some time. I think in the last quarter, we actually saw more instances of structural give-ups. And so there are probably more instances where we have actually had to walk away from deals because of structure, and that could be reduction in the amount of recourse on some of the commercial real estate loans, higher cash flow multiples, looser covenants, et cetera, all senior deals being done where we may have seen a strip of mezzanine in the past or deals where we would apply an SBA guarantee that are getting done in the conventional basis. So those are some of the things that probably increased a bit more in the last quarter.
Stephen D. Steinour: Scott, I'll add to that. Auto pricing is a bit sharper, and these are normal recovery competitive dynamics at play and probably even further accentuated by this artificial rate environment.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. Yes, definitely make sense. And then I was just hoping to ask a question on auto specifically. If you guys have any thoughts on that recent CFPB guidance, anything it will do either to kind of profitability of the business, the way you look at it, et cetera.
Stephen D. Steinour: We, of course, are following it. It's -- there's a lot still to evolve. We started with a view of this business consistent with our Fair Play overall. So we don't have any intended changes at this point and we like the business that we're able to produce today, and we watch this every week. So no change at this point but obviously, focused on what the CFPB is intending to do by way of new regulation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My question on auto, what exactly prompted the change in your thought process in terms of the securitizations? And I ask because I think the answer, Steve, you gave in your prepared remarks, you probably could have given that same answer last quarter or 2 or 3 quarters ago. What changes that makes you want to retain more? And I guess also, should we now assume that the balance is -- I know you got plenty of room before you get to your 20%. Should we assume instead of a sort of $4 billion to $5 billion number we average something much higher?
Donald R. Kimble: Ken, this is Don. As far as the thought process behind that, you hit on some of the key points with making sure that we keep below -- we are well below the 20% limitation there, and so we do have a lot of additional room to move up. And part of it too is, is that the -- part of the benefit is really the capital efficiency associated with this transaction and with our current capital actions. We felt that there was capacity to go ahead and keep some of those on balance sheet. Another component that we're focusing on a lot more is, yes, this is a very liquid asset for us, and it is a substitute for certain other investments that we might choose to make. And those other investments in our portfolio would result in potential OCI risk to us. And so that step is another benefit that we're pursuing as far as the securitization transaction decision.
Stephen D. Steinour: There's much more discussion about the debt policy and when does it end, how does it end and timing, Ken, and that's caused us to relook at the -- at OCI risk and, frankly, other balance sheet-related risk.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it, okay. And just a quick follow-up. The sale of your tax credit investments or a portion, does that have an impact on your effective tax rate going forward?
Donald R. Kimble: It will have a slight increase to the tax rate as a result of that but not material.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Nash of Goldman Sachs.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Steve, can you give us just a little bit more color on what drove the policy change in the ordering of transactions? Was it regulatory driven? And can you remind us what the current policy is at this point relative to what it changed from?
Stephen D. Steinour: There was no regulatory effort or initiative around this, Ryan. But as we looked at Fair Play and as we continue to look at Fair Play and how we're proceeding, we look at our -- all of our products. And this is one where we felt it was prudent to make a change. We planned for that change last year and incorporated it into the forecast for this year. We have gone with a change in the logic, so that it's a more chronological and sequential approach. So it starts with electronic transactions, debit and ATM, principally getting posted chronologically. And so that's based on time of transaction. And then checks getting posted sequentially based on check number. Anything else with the date and time stamp we post low to high, and then fees and interest post last. So that's the -- that's -- we think the fairest approach. We have studied a number of banks that have made changes. Few banks haven't made changes yet. We thought this was completely consistent with our philosophy and something that we planned for last year and are pleased to have implemented.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Great. Just as a follow-up, just in terms of your expectations for loan growth, particularly in the C&I business, you are assuming a pickup in the back half of the year, are you still assuming no change to the economic environment? Is this more about just on-boarding clients and getting pipelines converted?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, there was a sense that -- and a hope that we would have more stability out of Washington, fiscal policy that would set an outcome together in the first half of the year that the outlook was based on. Because heading into the New Year with the first cliff on January 9 to us presented a higher risk. And our calling activities for the first quarter were very consistent month-to-month, but we just found deferrals of decisions going on. And to some extent, there was a bit of pull-forward more than we expected out of the capital markets business that was probably tax-related at year-end. So we're sitting as we come into the second quarter -- or as we went to the first quarter, January was a disappointing month; February, got a bit better; March, much back -- much closer to normal. As we come into the second quarter, we're sitting with a strong pipeline in commercial. But the overall activities month-to-month for the first 3 months and continuing through April are essentially the same in terms of calling activity and contact. So I think that second half will continue and we may -- given that where the pipeline is, we expect to have a good second quarter.
Ryan M. Nash - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. If I could squeeze one last one in. Steve, you commented that auto is sharper, are you just seeing competitors conceding on price, or are you actually seeing loosening of standards, things around like lease terms, residuals and stuff? Any clarity there?
Stephen D. Steinour: There's more leasing activity to be sure that's emerging, and that becomes challenging in terms of volume. That's particularly true on the new side. So pricing on new is -- I should have clarified my earlier remark, it's much more around new car pricing than used, even though we do a majority of our lending on used and we're seeing that mix continue to shift up a bit. So that has given us more capacity to adjust and retain pricing at the levels we want.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin of Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Don, a couple of questions on the fee side. So with the mid-February change, can we assume that the fee change impact is halfway through from a run rate perspective, to that -- to get to that $25 million? How do we think about the $25 million to $30 million as far as what was in the first quarter run rate?
Donald R. Kimble: I would assume those changes as far as check order were done in early February, so the impact in the current quarter was roughly about a $5 million impact. Keep in mind, too, that there is some seasonality to the fees with the fourth quarter tending to be higher than what the first quarter activity level would be.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Yes. Okay, got it. And my second question is I just wanted to understand the base starting point for that stable fee comparison. So last year fees were $1.1 billion. You talked about going x auto sales, x MSR, that was 40 and 14, and then x the bargain purchase gain. So is it fair to say that, that core base is about $1.03 billion as a start? And then you think about moving parts to fee out -- the fee change, core growth, mortgage challenges and then you go from there?
Donald R. Kimble: I think you've summed it up pretty well, yes. So we will be backing out the impact of the auto securitization gains and MSR for both periods. And then on a core basis, we would expect the growth in core revenues to offset some of the challenges we're seeing mainly on the mortgage side compared to the previous year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt O'Connor of Deutsche Bank.
Adam Chaim - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: This is actually Adam Chaim in for Matt O'Connor. I have a couple for you. Looking back 2 to 3 years, you expanded your auto business into new geographies. I don't think you've done much since. Is there additional opportunity for expansion possibly to continue to fuel the securitization sales? And the second one is -- actually, go ahead.
Stephen D. Steinour: Sorry, Adam, I didn't mean to cut you off. This is Steve. We were always thinking about expansion and we don't have any commitments to do so at this point. But we like the asset class and we like the performance of it over time and believe we've got some competitive advantage with it, so there's a continuous assessment.
Adam Chaim - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And the second one is last quarter you noted that, in response to your economic outlook, you moderated the pace and size of planned investments. This might be looking a little bit further out, but what signs are you looking for to reset investment spend back to previous levels?
Stephen D. Steinour: We would -- I think, if we get a fiscal plan in Washington that there's an economic expansion that will be stronger than the current outlook for GDP. And that would be something, I think, we could confirm fairly quickly in our commercial base with decisions that have been deferred. And in that context, if we see an expansion, our customer is actually moving more dynamically than we would follow.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Levin of Citigroup.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Steve, can you just elaborate on something, I think the answer to one of the previous questions. What specifically are you seeing that gives you confidence that the C&I loan growth will pick up at the back half of the year? Is it just primarily the pipeline?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, pipeline activity and then discussions with the different customers that sort of went into a wait-and-see mode in the first quarter. They have plans that are very specific. They actually have sales outlooks and in some cases even demand that will cause them to expand. Here in the Midwest, we talk about auto manufacturing and energy as being drivers in our commercial book. But emerging in the first quarter is also the housing side. There's been a stabilization, an increase in new housing start in many of the markets that will also, I think, be sustained and felt during the year.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And just a quick question about credit. It looks like the TDRs were up quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Any color on that?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. So the increase in the TDRs was primarily in the home equity category. We've got some of our 10-year balloons starting to mature. And so in many cases, the best alternative for both the customer and ourselves is to put them into a 20-year amortizing product, and so that's what we've done here. But the reason they're categorized as TDRs is in some cases or in many of these cases, based on their FICO score or the LTV in the property, we wouldn't have originated a new loan with a 20-year am. And therefore, we view that as the concession. So I think it's a great outcome for the customer. It's the right outcome for the bank. But we are designating those as TDRs.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Ramsey of FBR.
Thomas Frick - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: This is actually Tom Frick for Bob. On mortgage banking, it looks like your originations held up relatively well this quarter compared to peers. Can you tell us how much of your production is HARP? And how the recently announced HARP extension will impact your mortgage banking going forward?
Donald R. Kimble: Roughly about 1/4 of the production is HARP-related that's fairly consistent with what we saw towards the end of last year. And we think that the extension for 2 years will be net incremental. But some of the things we're excited about are just some of the increased activity as far as purchase mortgages as well. And so our pipeline and our activity level will give us a pretty good clarity as far as the next 30 to 60 days as far as closing, and we've seen a lot of strong volumes there just given the recent rate limits as well.
Thomas Frick - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, great. And then to follow up on gain on sale margins. Looks like you experienced a 140 basis points of contraction this quarter. I mean, do you expect that to stabilize from these levels?
Donald R. Kimble: Well, one, the origination volumes include those that we keep in portfolio. And so if you just look at the volume that we actually sold in the secondary market, the reduction will be about 19%. And so what we did see as far as the actual contraction and gain on sale was about 30 basis points. So it was far less than what you're showing there, but that's mainly because of the difference of what we're keeping on books versus selling.
Thomas Frick - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay, so how much did you sell?
Donald R. Kimble: We sold roughly $800 million this year out of the $1.1 billion originations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Murray of Nomura.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Could we focus in on the loan pricing, is there sort of a floor whether it's related to ROE or related to a spread where it hit the limit and you guys decide to walk away?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. We clearly have that at every individual product and every individual relationship and we have pricing grids for our commercial and also for consumer. And Dan's team is part of the credit approval process, who review the return that we're getting on, the extension of credit and making sure that we're remaining disciplined there. That's one of the reasons why we believe that we've been able to maintain a very stable margin compared to many in the business and combined that with the aggressive management of our deposit costs that allowed us to keep that stability.
Stephen D. Steinour: In the first quarter, we've walked away from more than we have in any prior quarter as a consequence to that risk return trade-off.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. Any specifics on sort of what the ROE limit might be?
Donald R. Kimble: We haven't publicly stated what our floor ROE is, and we do have guidelines for each of our bankers, and they are well aware of it. But they haven't provided any additional guidance there and we remain very disciplined on that.
Keith Murray - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then on Basel III, if you guys are willing to provide an update and where you guys are in Basel III?
Donald R. Kimble: We really haven't. The last time we had provided that was second quarter of last year. It was about 150 basis point hit to our Tier 1 common, and we feel it's in our best interest to wait until the rules are finalized before we update those. But we're reluctant to provide any clarity there until we get clarity on what the new rules are going to be.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin St. Pierre of Sanford Bernstein.
Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: A couple of points on net interest margin dynamics sequentially. Your spread was stable but the contribution from noninterest-bearing deposits was down about 3 basis points. There was about $1 billion decline, almost $1 billion decline in noninterest bearing, average noninterest bearing. But the period-end balances were significantly higher than the average. Is there anything unusual with respect to noninterest-bearing deposits during the quarter?
Donald R. Kimble: Throughout the quarter and some of these occurred late in the fourth quarter, but that we had 3 impacts really drove some of the changes. One was the impact of our decision to reduce some of our collateralized deposits. Again, we mentioned earlier in the call, concerns about the OCI risk prospectively. And for collateralized deposits, we're required to keep 105% of those balances in basically agency-backed securities, which today in the market are earning somewhere between 150 and 175 basis points. And we feel that there is real risk to our OCI for maintaining that and there isn't sufficient reward for those deposit relationships. Second was the expiration of TAGP, and that had a couple hundred million dollar type of impact to our balances and has resulted in a much more stability there after that. So it's not a large impact but it did add some. And the third was the combination of normal seasonal trends we see going from fourth quarter to the first quarter, but also we did see some of our small business banking customers start to utilize some of their cash positions as opposed to draw down on lines and ask for additional credit. And so those really contributed to the remaining piece of the impact on DDA balances.
Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then somewhat related to that, as you look forward to an eventual rise in rates, could you talk about your assumptions in terms of your rate sensitivity and what you give us quarterly around the impact of potential rise in rates on what your assumptions are around the retention of noninterest-bearing deposits, and whether the Fair Play sticky customers might have -- might actually mute that?
Donald R. Kimble: We think that clearly we'll have a benefit and an advantage for us as we look at our deposit mix. And to date, our deposit mix is more biased toward the retail side than the commercial side compared to many of our peers. And as a result of that, we'll have greater stability in that deposit mix and base even when rates do increase. We continue to watch and try to anticipate what the impact would be for our commercial borrowers. But keep in mind that a significant portion of those balances are being utilized to help offset the deposit service charges and activity fees that will require them to still maintain some of those balance even as rates go up. And so we think we'll be well positioned as far as retention of those balances.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is a follow-up to Scott's question on the CFPB release on dealer markups. Some investors have concluded that this could potentially have further downward impact on spreads on that business. And I just wanted to get your thoughts, is it way too early to draw that conclusion? Or is the way that release is written lead you to believe that, that would have no impact to the dynamics of pricing?
Stephen D. Steinour: It's too early, Erika, to reach that conclusion. There's a lot of ongoing discussion, I believe, with some in the industry, some of the larger ones in the industry and the CFPB. And obviously, a lot of industry concern where auto is recovering, not to somehow inadvertently dislocate financing in the market.
Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And my follow-up question is one to Ken Usdin's question. I think the investor community looks at the year-over-year progression on deposit service charges as part of their measure of the success of Fair Play. And, Don, to your point, if the posting order change added -- or deducted $5 million from the run rate, and we look at that comparison year-over-year and you add that back, is it fair to conclude then that the year-over-year progression on an apples-to-apples basis on this line item was up 9%?
Donald R. Kimble: I think that's a fair analysis, Erika. Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom of RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Question that you have a comment on the release about expecting to keep a greater portion of mortgages on the balance sheet. Could you just talk a little bit about that decision, and what makes sense and what doesn't make sense?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, this is Don. And as far as that decision, we're keeping some of our 10- and 15-year fixed rate, fully amortizing mortgage loans on balance sheet over the last year. So we've been selling those off as far as the production. The benefit to us there is, is that right now, with the Fed in the market on a monthly basis buying $85 billion of the same type of product we would usually buy and put in our investment portfolio, we feel that the spreads are tight there, and by keeping the mortgage loans on our balance sheet, it still provides us a very active source of liquidity and minimizes the OCI risk, again, for us. And so that again is another substitute that we feel is appropriate. The 10- and 15-year paper is fairly predictable as far as cash flow and is underwritten by Huntington. And so we're very confident with the underlying credit quality associated with that as well.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So similar in some ways to the auto decision but maybe a little different duration -- dynamic?
Donald R. Kimble: Very consistent, yes.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just a follow-up to the many follow-ups on auto. But how do we think about the size of the held-for-sale portfolio, meaning the size of the securitization later in the year, and how do you make a determination in terms of what to put on the balance sheet or what to put on held-for-sale?
Stephen D. Steinour: We originate the same quality and have -- so we're -- from a credit -- we're indifferent whether we securitize or hold it. And then as we approach year end, we'll have a number of factors to look at, including where we think interest rates are going and response to QE and OCI risk, as well as our outlook in terms of '14 production with -- we have a fair amount of room with our 20% cap. We're originating $4-plus billion a year now, so we will have a combination of factors to go through [ph].
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So there's no plan to keep it all on the balance sheet, it could go in either bucket?
Donald R. Kimble: Well, essentially, we've put it all in our loans initially. And then as we get closer to making a decision for securitization, at that point where it becomes probable, we do transfer those balances into a held-for-sale type of category. So what goes in the securitization is almost identical to what we keep on the balance sheet. So there isn't a designation at time of origination, of this loan is for the securitization and the other loan is for our portfolio. And so we make those decisions and transfers as we get clarity on the timing of the securitization transaction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler of Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I just wanted to make sure I heard one of your points in the prepared remarks near the end of the call. Steve, did you guide up NIE for the remaining quarters of 2013 by $12 million? I may have missed what you said there.
Stephen D. Steinour: We said $10 million to $20 million, and that will be seasonal -- comprised of seasonal differences and marketing principally, along with commission and related incentive with incremental capital markets and other fee products that are sold.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And does that also cover professional services and also litigation, travel, which I think were also low? Or do you think those items will remain kind of at this new base here?
Donald R. Kimble: We don't provide a lot of guidance on individual line items. I'd say that in general, some of those categories were closer to the long-term rates but that there are some variability in some of those categories based on activity.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then can you just help us with your expectations for the securities portfolio here given both kind of what you think on the loan growth and deposit side? And also loan -- securities yields are actually still quite elevated. And I'm wondering, is that really held-to-maturity math driving that? Or is it short-term lower yielding securities that are running off?
Donald R. Kimble: As far as our guidance, we would show that securities portfolio coming down over the remainder of the year, reflecting both the decision on the mortgages and also the indirect auto. And it wouldn't be quite a dollar-for-dollar offset but it clearly would have some impact there. And as far as the yield holding up, it's a combination of factors that you did talk about. Some of the lower yielding securities have matured. We did have some variable rate securities or short-duration type securities that have either matured or have been sold off. And we have seen a little bit of a shift in some of the mix that some of the purchases that we have been taking over the last quarter or so have been slightly longer in duration but less extension risk, so we've been looking at more bullet type of securities than what we had historically.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos of JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I wanted to start, looking at the growth in consumer checking accounts in the first quarter, it was around 36,000. Can you give us a sense, what was the average balance of these accounts when the account was initially opened?
Donald R. Kimble: I don't think we've provided a lot of details on that because as those accounts that are initially opened, usually take at least 90 days to see -- to build up. And so I would say that generally the new accounts that we've been adding, we probably had an outsized proportion coming from our in-store and we have publicly stated that the in-store deposit balances on average have been coming in at a lower level, that the customer base there tends to be a little bit younger, still high income levels and good demographics. But as a result of their age, coming in at a slightly lower balance. But again, generally, we've been pleased with the accounts we've been picking up.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. When I look at the consumer checking revenue, which I guess is up $2 million or $7 million if you adjust for the check ordering, and the new checking households are up 131,000 year-over-year. What am I missing, that it doesn't appear you're making that much of a return on the new customers you're bringing over?
Donald R. Kimble: So what's impacting our retail business in general and is impacting on all retail businesses throughout the country is just this lower rate environment continues to phase in. And so the credit that they're receiving as a business segment for those deposit balances continues to shrink. And so the margin that we're seeing for that business is lower than where it was historically. The benefit for that is it offset another area, which should allow us to maintain a favorable margin but low rates have a clear negative impact on the margin for retail.
Stephen D. Steinour: So the funds transfer pricing reduces what would -- if we did this on a constant basis, you'd see a much different number. Part of the reason we like this rate of expansion, when we get to a normalized curve, there'll be a significant incremental contribution coming off of that deposit base.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I get it. That's helpful. And just one follow-up on the margin. Where do you see the portfolio loan yield bottoming?
Donald R. Kimble: We really haven't talked about that explicitly either. What we continue to talk about it is that our guidance would suggest that margin will still remain above the mid-30s at those levels throughout the year, and that anticipates further compression on loan yields.
Stephen D. Steinour: That's mid-3.30s.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Mid-3.30s. Steve, did you say in your comments that you thought the margin would be relatively stable this year?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, I think we've tried to guide that outlook from the fourth quarter. As for the full year, mid-3.30s. We were pleased with the first quarter at 3.42%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Long of Raymond James.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: So within your footprint, are there any MSAs where you're seeing a stronger pipeline of C&I or where your business customers seem to be more bullish?
Stephen D. Steinour: We have, I think, strength in the number of the MSAs. It's hard to compare one versus another, David, not to ignore the question. There is -- economy in Pittsburgh is doing quite well. The economy in Indianapolis, equally strong. So the 3 largest cities in Ohio are doing well. So Michigan is doing well. So can't distinguish one from another.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: What about on pricing pressure within C&I. Is it more intense in any particular MSA that you can talk about?
Stephen D. Steinour: Not really.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Micenko of SIG.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: On the marketing line, I know, Don, you don't give guidance. And the press release talked about a ramp-up on the marketing program at the end of quarter. You've been around $75 million in '11 and '12 on the full year. Is it reasonable to think that the full year number reverts back to that historical trend with that new program coming on late in the quarter?
Donald R. Kimble: The $75 million is more of on a historic definition of marketing that we did change and loosen the things out of marketing that were more contract related and not necessarily marketing specific. And so if you look at the last calendar year that we had about $64 million of marketing and -- or $11 million of marketing in the first quarter of this year would be fairly comparable to that general type of trend with the various seasonal changes.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. Okay, great. And then Steve, you're talking about earlier a definitional change in cross-sell. And I was wondering if you could -- as you do the transaction ordering, maybe talk about to and from, so to speak, where it is, what the material changes maybe would be and what to look forward next quarter when those new numbers come out.
Stephen D. Steinour: So we won't have financial impact, and we're still working through it. So I don't want to be -- it'd be premature for me to comment. The -- and it's consistent with us moving from 4 to 6 products per household and just relooking at it. We're trying to focus on quality and revenue as we do this. But we'll have more to talk about next quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from Terry McEvoy of Oppenheimer.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: First question, are you seeing different competitors on the lending side in the Midwest? Or has the competitive landscape changed at all in terms of the names? The reason I ask is that the bank that reported yesterday showed loan growth in Michigan for the first time in a while, and it's a well-known bank in that state.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, it's essentially the same list of competitors, some may be more active or have had more focus than recently, but we've been competing against the same group over the last 4 years or more.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. And Terry, this is Dan. I would say that basically, the competitors are the same. We have seen a few of our competitors move a little bit more in and out of the market over the last few years as they've been looking at either to move away from commercial real estate or auto exposure, et cetera. And I think now some of them are starting to come back in. So that would be probably the one difference is maybe a couple of the banks starting to be more interested in Michigan again.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: And then my follow-up, weeks doesn't pass without an article about the growing acceptance of prepaid debit cards. I'm just wondering how does that trend, if it does impact the Asterisk-Free product, the 24-Hour Grace product that you guys have. And is that a threat at all to future growth?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well we don't offer a reloadable or prepaid at this time. We do not see it having a meaningful impact on our Asterisk-Free. And the uniqueness of 24-Hour Grace continues to be compelling, even though the vast majority of our customers will never use that feature.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Brian Foran of Autonomous.
Brian Foran - Autonomous Research LLP: I guess, you've referenced a couple of different changes around OCI risk and maturity extension. And I guess, it's a general thought process that you're looking at the market and actually worried about Fed coming out earlier, how the specific rates for you versus how much of it is driven by some increased concern around rates being part of the stress test and you don't want it to affect your capital planning going forward. I guess more broadly, just why so much focus on OCI and the maturity extension this quarter incrementally?
Stephen D. Steinour: It's nothing to do with stress test. It's a more a view and a forward positioning and trying to be in a position where we've got a very, very sound balance sheet in a different rate environment. And so we saw a backup early in the year in rates, and it -- as a consequence, we reacted. And we think what we're doing is proof for the long-term interest of the shareholders. Thank you very much. We're very grateful for the interest. I appreciate the questions and the exchange today. Todd is available as he has been in the past if there are follow-ups to any of the questions. Have a great day. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes your conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-17 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Beekman - Director of Investor Relations Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Daniel J. Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Russell Gunther - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division John V. Moran - Macquarie Research
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kyle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Huntington National Bank Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Beekman, you may begin your conference.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Kyle, and welcome. I'm Todd Beekman, the Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. A copy of the slides that we will be reviewing can be found on our website at huntington.com This call is also being recorded and will be made available for rebroadcast starting about 1 hour after the close of the call. Please call Investor Relations at (614) 480-5676 if you have difficulties receiving the slides or more information on the replay. Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out 1 key disclosure. This presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures. And in that regard, I will direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures and reconciliations to comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation, the additional earnings-related material we released this morning and related 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 4. Today's discussion, including the Q&A period, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to change, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, the material filed with the SEC and our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now turning to today's presentation. As showed on Slide 5, participating today are Steve Steinour, our Chairman, CEO and President; Don Kimble, Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Neumeyer, Chief Credit Officer. Steve?
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you. Welcome. I'll begin with a review of some of the quarter's and full year highlights, Don will review the financial performance, and we'll be followed by Dan, who will provide a brief update on credit. Don will then provide you with an update on our continued household and commercial relationship growth and then close with a discussion of our 2013 expectations. Turning to Slide 7. The fourth quarter, like all of 2012, was a very solid quarter for Huntington. For the second quarter in a row, we earned just over $167 million or $0.19 per share, which is up from $0.14 in the fourth quarter of 2011. This equates to a 1.19% return on assets and a 13.5% return on tangible common equity. This quarter's performance was driven by a $41 million or 6% increase in revenue as we continued to manage our balance sheet in this difficult yield curve environment. Loans increased an average of 3% annualized, and net interest margin expanded 7 basis points, 5 of which we view as temporary benefits, which mostly relate to the Fidelity acquisition earlier in the year. Our mortgage business continues to prosper and had a very strong quarter, growing revenue by $17 million. As we announced earlier in the quarter, we completed our second auto loan securitization in 2012. Turning to the full year, we're pleased with our year's financial results. At September of 2010, when our year-to-date ROA was just 49 basis points, we told you that our long-term goal for ROA was 1.1% to 1.35%. For 2012, Huntington earned 1.15% on ROA and EPS of $0.71, a 20% increase from the previous year. This has been achieved through a significant amount of hard work by all of my Huntington colleagues as we've continued to execute our long-term strategic plan. In 2012, we were able to grow revenue by over $204 million. The cornerstone of our strategy has been to invest in the franchise, to grow market share and grow share of wallet. This has led to a steady loan growth and a significant improvement in our overall deposit mix. Average core deposits increased 8%, and total demand deposits, which we view as critical relationship accounts, increased 27%. This growth resulted in a 3-basis point NIM expansion and a 5% increase in net interest income. Noninterest income increased by $117 million as mortgage banking posted a record year. We completed 2 auto loan securitizations, and our expanded customer base drove growth in service charges on deposits, as well as allowing us to make up nearly 1/2 of the electronic banking income lost to the Durbin Amendment. Noninterest expense increased $107 million. Much of that investment has been in people. Since the end of 2011, we added over 550 full-time equivalent employees, a 5% increase, as we opened 37 net new branches, expanded our infrastructure, particularly in risk management, and continued to round out our product offerings with the launch of several new commercial verticals. Don will go into additional detail later, but I want to take a moment to state that as we've seen the economy slow from our previously expected base, we've moderated our pace of planned investment in 2013 so that we can drive positive operating leverage in 2013 as we did in 2012. Turning to Slide 8. Don will provide additional detail later in the call, but you can see that our OCR methodology is continuing to drive success throughout the company. Consumer households and commercial relationships continue to grow at a pace well above that of our Midwest footprint, and, importantly, customers are building deeper relationships with Huntington. Turning to credit quality. Net charge-offs decreased by $95 million this year, which included the third quarter's $33 million of Chapter 7-related loans. The full year net charge-off ratio was 85 basis points, down from 1.12 in 2011, not quite at our long-term goal of 33 to 55 basis points, but another year of progress like this one will nearly get us there. Even with the addition of $63 million related to Chapter 7 consumer loans, nonaccrual loans were down $133.5 million or 25% over the course of the year, and our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of nonaccrual loans increased 12 percentage points to 199%. With regard to capital, 2012 was the first year we participated in the Federal Reserve's capital program. Over the course of the year, we actively managed our capital within the restrictions they set forth, redeeming $230 million of higher cost TruPS and buying back over 23 million or over 2.5% of our total shares. Both our tangible common equity ratio and Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased, 46 and 47 basis points, respectively. Turning to Slide 9 for other highlights. The backbone of our strategy is convenience and service. This year, we were recognized by 2 prominent names in the business for just that. MONEY Magazine named Huntington as one of the best banks in America, and this is the second year in a row that we receive this recognition from MONEY Magazine. And more recently, J.D. Power ranked us highest in small business banking satisfaction in their 2012 study. We've continued to look for opportunities to optimize the balance sheet and improve the franchise. In 2012, we completed the securitization of $2.3 billion in auto loans, successfully acquired and integrated Fidelity Bank and opened 37 net new branches, which includes the consolidation of nearly 5% of our traditional branch network. And while we expect the environment to be difficult, we have and will continue to actively manage and to drive growth and deliver solid profitability. Let me turn the presentation over to Don Kimble to review the detailed financial performance. Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Thanks, Steve. Slide 10 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trends. Many of these performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation. Turning to Slide 11, we show a summary income statement for the full year and for the recent quarters. We adjust the revenue and expenses for items like the gain on the Fidelity acquisition and the first quarter's additional litigation reserve. We also show the impact of the tax benefit recognized last quarter. As shown, we produced positive operating leverage for both the full year and linked quarter. On a reported basis, revenues for the full year were up $200 million or 8%. Expenses were up $107 million or 6%. On the adjusted basis, revenues increased by $181 million or 7%, and expenses increased by $91 million or 5%, resulting in a positive operating leverage of 1.6%. Slide 12 displays the trends of our net interest income and margin. The right side displays a 7 basis point increase in our net interest margin to 3.45% for the quarter, which reflected the impact of a 1 basis point improvement in earning asset yield. This includes about 5 basis points of temporary benefits primarily related to the purchase accounting accretion. It also includes a 6 basis point increase resulting from the reduction of deposit rates and the improvement in deposit mix. On to Slide 13. On the right, we have shown continued improvement in our deposit mix. The improved deposit mix reflects the success of Fair Play banking on growing consumer DDA, as well as our focus on growing commercial demand deposits. This improving mix has contributed to the 19 basis point decline in the average rate paid on total deposits over the last 5 quarters. On the left side of the slide, you can see the maturity schedule of our CD portfolio and that another wave of higher cost CDs are expected to mature in the second quarter of 2013. Slide 14 provides a summary income statement and some color on items impacting linked quarter performance. Items of note included $17.1 million linked quarter improvement in mortgage banking revenue. This improvement reflected better secondary marketing gains as origination volumes remain relatively stable at about $1.2 billion for the quarter. We also recorded a $10 million positive net MSR benefit this quarter compared to a $4 million net MSR cost last quarter. This quarter also included $17 million of securitization gains as we completed the $1 billion auto loan sale earlier in the fourth quarter. Noninterest expenses increased by $12 million this quarter, reflecting a $5 million increase in professional services related to temporary regulatory costs. We would expect these costs to decline significantly in 2013. Our personnel costs were up $6 million this quarter. Much of this related to increases in commission expense. Head count also increased by about 1% this quarter, primarily related to our in-store expansion. Other expenses increased $3 million linked quarter, which reflects increased litigation operating losses for the current quarter. Slide 15 reflects trends in capital. The tangible common equity ratio increased slightly to 8.76%. The Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased to 10.47% from 10.28% in the end of the last quarter. These ratios reflected the impact of repurchasing 13.2 million common shares this quarter for $83 million. The Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios increased by 13 and 15 basis points, respectively. Now let me turn the presentation over to Dan for credit trends. Dan?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Don. Slides 16 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit quality trends in the fourth quarter were very positive, led by the net charge-off ratio, which fell to 69 basis points on an annualized basis compared to 105 basis points in the prior quarter. The prior quarter did include the 33 basis point effect of the regulatory guidance related to Chapter 7 bankruptcy consumer loans. Loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing were stable in the quarter and remain very well controlled. You'll recall that the second quarter uptick in past dues were caused by the acquired Fidelity portfolio. Fidelity loans include accruing purchased impaired loans, which were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and will remain in accruing status. The nonaccrual loan ratio showed continued modest improvement in the quarter, falling to 1% of total loans. The NPA ratio showed similar improvement due to a sizable reduction in commercial OREO balances in the quarter. The criticized asset ratio also showed fairly significant improvement, falling from 5.45% to 4.79%. The allowance per loan and lease loss and the allowance for credit loss to loan ratios fell in the quarter to 1.89% and 1.99%, respectively, down from 1.96% and 2.09% in the prior quarter, reflecting continued asset quality improvement. The ALLL and ACL coverage ratios both increased modestly due to the healthy reduction in nonperforming assets in the quarter. Slide 17 shows the trends in our nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates continued reduction in our NPAs, falling 13% in the quarter. The chart on the right shows the nonperforming asset inflows, which fell in the quarter to 43 basis points of beginning-of-period loans. Slide 18 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. NPAs fell by 13% in the quarter compared to a 3% reduction in the prior quarter. This represents the largest quarterly reduction in the past year, and it was a result of lower inflows along with healthy payments and asset sales, which included a meaningful reduction in commercial OREO. Turning to Slide 19. We provide a similar analysis of commercial criticized loan flows. This quarter saw a similar level of inflow as the prior quarter with upgrades, paydowns and charge-offs contributing to a 12% reduction for the quarter. Moving to Slide 20. Commercial loan delinquencies remain elevated in both the 30- and 90-day categories over what we had shown from the second quarter of 2011 through the first quarter of 2012. The increase is due to the addition of the Fidelity portfolio. All of the 90-day delinquencies are related to the Fidelity purchased impaired loans, which again are recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain in accruing status. However, delinquencies remain very well controlled in the aggregate. Slide 21 outlines consumer loan delinquencies, which are in line with expectations and reveal a generally improving trend. In aggregate, 30-day consumer delinquencies showed modest improvement quarter-over-quarter, as depicted in the chart on the left. The residential portfolio showed noticeable improvement in the quarter, while auto and home equity were up very modestly. 90-day delinquencies continued their overall decline, with auto flat quarter-to-quarter and residential and home equity both down. Reviewing Slide 22. The loan-loss provision of $39.5 million was up $2.5 million from the prior quarter and was less than net charge-offs by $30.6 million. The ratio of the allowance for credit loss to non-accrual loans rose from 189% to 199% due to the previously noted reduction in nonperformers. The ACL to loans was lower at 1.99% compared to 2.09% last quarter. Most of the major credit metrics showed continued improvement, and therefore, we believe these coverage levels remain adequate and appropriate. In summary, we remain very pleased with this quarter's results, we expect continued improvement in our credit metrics and expect to move towards normalized charge-off levels by the end of 2013. Let me turn the presentation back over to Don.
Donald R. Kimble: Thanks, Dan. And turning to Slide 23, our Fair Play banking philosophy, coupled with our optimal customer relationship, or OCR, approach is driving continued new customer growth and strength in product penetration. This slide recaps the continued strong upward trend in consumer checking account households. For the year, consumer checking account households grew at a rate of 12.2%, while our 4+ products or services penetration grew to 78.3%, an increase of almost 5 percentage points since this time last year. For the fourth quarter, related revenue was $251 million, up $5 million from the third quarter of 2012. The current quarter is also up $21 million or 9% from a year ago, clearly demonstrating the connection between the household growth and driving our top line revenue. Turning to Slide 24, commercial relationships grew 9% from a year ago. At the end of the fourth quarter, 35% of our commercial relationships utilized 4 or more products or services. This is 1.5% higher than last quarter and almost a 4% increase from a year ago. Related commercial revenue is up $14 million or 9% from last year. Now turning to Slide 25, we provide our first look at 2013 expectations. While we expect to see strong growth in the Midwest economy compared to the broader country, we do believe customer sentiment is negatively influenced by uncertainty that continues in Washington. And this will weigh heavily on the overall U.S. economy. Nevertheless, we continue to benefit from the strength in the Midwest and believe our strategy will continue to drive and improve profitability. With regard to interest rates, we expect the interest rate environment will remain relatively stable. With the opportunities for deposit repricing and mix shift, we expect net interest margin to remain fairly stable and we do not expect it to fall below the mid-3.30s. Modest total loan growth, excluding any future impacts of additional auto securitization, is expected to continue. The C&I pipeline is robust, yet with the uncertainty, we do not expect this to translate to strong growth until the second half of the year. Auto loan originations remain strong, and with the relative impact of securitizations coming closer to its full phase-in impact, this should translate to absolute growth in the indirect portfolio. Commercial Real Estate balances should stabilize in 2013 between the $5 billion and $5.5 billion level. Other consumer loan categories should reflect modest growth as we've started to substitute some shorter duration mortgage loan balances for securities purchases. Deposit balances will reflect continued growth in low-cost deposits, resulting in total deposit growth in line with to slightly less than total loan growth. Noninterest income is expected to be relatively stable as the expected slowdown in mortgage banking will be offset by the benefit of our growth in new relationships and increased cross-sell successes. For 2013, we continue to anticipate positive operating leverage and modest improvement in our overall expense efficiency ratio. We continue to focus on efficiencies, and as a result of our expectations for the economy, we have moderated the pace and size of our planned investments. On the credit front, we expect to see improvement from current levels and there could be some quarterly volatility given the uncertain and uneven nature of the economic recovery. The level of provision expense for 2012 is at the lower level of our long-term expectation. With the outlook for continued improvement, this should keep the provision levels relatively low. 2013 presents a number of challenges for Huntington and the banking industry overall. We believe we are positioned for measured growth and improvement in sustainable, long-term profitability. Despite these challenges, we are committed to our strategy and believe this will drive long-term differentiated performance. Thanks for your interest in Huntington.
Todd Beekman: Operator, we will now take questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So do you expect total loan balances to grow in 2013 if we include your estimates for 2 auto securitizations?
Donald R. Kimble: Our outlook would have modest growth including the impact of the auto securitizations. Keep in mind that we are getting closer to that 2 years of doing the auto securitizations, and so it should start to plateau the impact of those sales.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. Then, if loan demand this year, let's say, is a little weaker in C&I and Commercial Real Estate than you planned, would you consider holding more residential mortgages and more indirect auto loans to temporary support higher earning asset growth versus buying more securities?
Stephen D. Steinour: We would, but you caveated your question, Craig. This is Steve. We're optimistic that the economy will perform reasonably well but could in fact pop if we can get through this set of issues in Washington. And so we're -- we think we're well positioned to participate in an expansion should we be able to get into that mode.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And Steve, my only point is it appears you may have a sort of loan growth hedge that some of your competitors might not to actually have decent loan growth in a difficult environment if things don't work out great this year.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we've tried to be realistic, but on the conservative side, as we've given guidance, there's a wide range of GDP estimates out there given the current Washington uncertainties. And so you can go from a negative to a strong positive 3-plus percent, and that's why we're hedging.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Alexopoulos from JPMorgan.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: On the expenses, if we looked at 2012, core expenses were up around $90 million, just above that. When we think about 2013 and your comments to moderate the pace of investments, how much of an increase in operating expenses should we be thinking about based on what you know at this point, including your contractual obligations to open new branches, et cetera?
Donald R. Kimble: This is Don. And we currently expect our quarterly expense run rate to be relatively flat or modestly below the fourth quarter level, excluding any unusual one-time items or unforeseen regulatory or legal issues. And this does reflect the decision we have to moderate the size and pace of some of our previously planned investments in light of the challenging economic outlook. We will continue to invest in our franchise but just at a little slower pace.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And Don, should we expect you guys to cut maybe a little more deeper into variable expenses early in the year to match some of the revenue pressure you might see, given your outlook on the economy?
Donald R. Kimble: We really haven't commented on timing. There are several areas of seasonal changes to expenses. And for instance, there are some payroll tax issues that hit in the first quarter, and we tend to see some seasonal fluctuations in marketing and other expenses, but what we're focused on is the longer-term guidance and outlook.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And just to follow up on the guidance. You were talking about the margin not falling below the mid-3.30s. Most banks here are talking about running out of room to further lower deposit costs, that being a cause of incremental pressure as we move through the year. Why is that dynamic any different for you guys?
Donald R. Kimble: It is a challenge, but I would say that we are getting a lot of benefit from our change in our mix in our deposits. And we still believe that we have some room to pull down our overall deposit costs. We have about $4.1 billion of CDs that have an average rate today of 1.2%. The current go-to rate is in the 20 basis point range, and so we think that there is a lot of opportunity there as well. Historically, our average cost of funds for deposits are higher than our peers, and we think that we have a little bit more of a lever to pull as a result of that.
Stephen D. Steinour: We probably have a bit less pressure on the investment portfolio. Do you want to comment on that, Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, Steve usually teases me about having the lowest yielding investment portfolio in my peer group, but we try to keep the duration fairly short there. And so we think we will have less falloff from our current yield there than many of our peers as well, which will be a relative benefit for us compared to our peers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: I was hoping maybe you could just give a little bit more clarity around the net interest income expectation. I know you all said in the guidance that you expect the benefits of growth to be largely offset by NIM pressure. But you also talked about net interest income growing over 2013 after a seasonal weakness in the first quarter. So does that mean that in the first quarter, you'll be a bit lower then build from that level, but in total, in 2013, you expect to be roughly in line with 2012? Is that the right way to interpret that?
Donald R. Kimble: As far as the overall net interest income that we gave, we expect that to show an increase for the full year, year-over-year. And as far as the seasonal trends, we do note that, with the shorter day count in the first quarter, that we tend to see a slight reduction then. But on a full year basis, it should be up year-over-year.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. So up on -- so how are you getting up year-over-year if the benefits of growth are mitigated by the margin pressure?
Donald R. Kimble: We're saying that they do mitigate but they don't eliminate. So we would have a slightly lower margin than what our current run rate is, but we still expect the asset growth to more than offset that impact.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Got you. And then the 5 benefits of temporary benefits that you all highlighted, does that disappear in full in the first quarter or is there any -- does it take a little bit longer for those to phase out, and sort of where are you entering the first quarter?
Donald R. Kimble: We would expect to see about 1 basis point of contribution throughout 2013 from that accretion.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is actually Bryan from Ken's team. I was wondering if you could comment on your near-term outlook for mortgage banking revenues. So obviously, a pretty strong quarter, even x the hedging results. Can they continue to run at the $45 million to $50 million level per quarter in the first half of '13?
Donald R. Kimble: We haven't commented specifically as far as the range. We do think there is opportunity near term. We expect the first half of 2013 to be strong, maybe not quite as strong as the fourth quarter of this year, but we are continuing to see that we can get net flows plus the benefit from our servicing portfolio as well. So we think that we have a few more quarters left as far as higher than normalized production.
Bryan Batory - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And can you just comment on how gain on sale margins trended during the current quarter, and just how the pipeline also trended in close of the year?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. The margins themselves were in line with prior quarters. And as rates did increase at the end of the year, we did see some pressure on secondary gains associated with that, and pipelines continued to remain strong for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Josh Levin.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: You talked about, you think the economy could pop. So in that sort of bullish scenario where the economy pops, maybe rates move up sooner rather than later. If that were to happen, how do you think about how your deposits are going to behave in that environment and what that means for asset sensitivity? I mean do you feel like you have a good handle on modeling how deposits will behave, or is it just -- are we just in uncharted waters here?
Donald R. Kimble: We do believe that we have a handle around our deposit levels and inflows that we have -- we've spent a lot of time and effort in deepening the relationships with both our commercial and consumer customers, and so that resulted in some strong growth for us from a deposit perspective. We know that there will be some excess liquidity that our customers are maintaining in the form of deposits today that we'll see some pressure when the economy does start to pick up. But we do believe that our liquidity position and overall deposit outlook is consistent with our expectations for the economic growth occurring in the second half of the year.
Stephen D. Steinour: Why don't you comment on our position vis-a-vis outgo? Slightly asset sensitive.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. And from an outgo perspective or asset liability management perspective, we continue to maintain our interest rate sensitivity position as slightly asset sensitive. So if we do see a pop in rates, we think that we are positioned to benefit slightly from that change. But our outlook today assumes that rates will remain flat and very low throughout 2013.
Josh Levin - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. My second question is you've talked about the fiscal cliff and lingering uncertainty as inhibiting loan growth, but do you have a sense when you talk to your customers, what specifically do they need to see from Washington to give them confidence to start actually investing and thus borrowing?
Stephen D. Steinour: There's a -- we look at our pipelines and our sales activity weekly. So we have a, we think, reasonably good insight, we have very strong activities, we have strong pipelines. But we've seen for now, a number of months, deferrals on closing loans, on fundings and reflecting restraint on investment and expansion by a number of businesses. And it ranged from things like fiscal cliff a couple of weeks ago, now sequestration has been pushed out for 2 months. So there needs to be some confidence around a plan before I think there's this potential for robust growth to pop, if you will.
Donald R. Kimble: And I think just to highlight that, too, as far as our C&I portfolio, we saw an increase as of period end balances compared to the last quarter of over $400 million. And so I think that's starting to show that there was some sense of getting some closure on some of those transactions at the end of the year, maybe for tax reasons or others. But I think that does position us well going into the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Long.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: My question is regarding Commercial Real Estate. Looking at some of your peers, they started growing that part of their business. The federal data has showed growth in the fourth quarter. I just want to see where you guys stand. It looks like your guidance is for it to be relatively flat through the year, and I know you guys have added a lot of resources to C&I. Would you be looking to do that in CRE here at this point?
Stephen D. Steinour: We would not expect to add a lot of resources. And at the end of 2009, we bisected the Commercial Real Estate book between the core and the non-core, and we indicated then and continue -- it's in the broader investor pack, that breakout. We've got about $1.6 billion or so of non-core remaining as of year end. But we had fairly high paydowns of non-core in the fourth quarter. We had about $250 million, when you get into the investor pack. So there was actually reasonably good underlying core activity because of the balances reducing less than the non-core payoffs. This is an area that the bank experienced significant problems with in '08 and '09, and therefore, we've put a hard cap in, in terms of how much exposure and concentration we want to manage. And therefore, the $5 billion to $5.5 billion range is where we expect to be in '13, and it's roughly 100% of capital.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala.
Russell Gunther - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: It's Russell Gunther, on for Erika. I have a quick question, just back to the securitizations. You mentioned an expectation to complete 2 of them in '13. Any sense for the magnitude relative to the level you saw in '12?
Donald R. Kimble: We haven't provided any specific guidance as far as the size and the timing. We're still working through some of those issues as we walk through our plans. But our outlook does assume the continuation of 2 securitization transactions in 2013.
Russell Gunther - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just circling back to the normalized charge-off levels you expect to approach in the fourth quarter. I think, previously, you have said that's around 35 basis points, is that still a good range?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Actually it's 35 to 55, and so by the end of the year, we expect to be at the upper range of that and continued progress after that. But by the fourth quarter, we're pretty confident in our ability to hit the upper end of that range.
Russell Gunther - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, great. That helps. And then just last question, on the expenses, could you give us a sense for the type of investments, the planned investments, that you were making that you're pulling back. What specifically are you scaling back?
Donald R. Kimble: It's more in just the timing and size of some of those investments. And so we have a number of strategic initiatives that we have been investing in, and we've just been slowing the pace and nature of those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Moran.
John V. Moran - Macquarie Research: So Ohio continues to kind of attract a lot of talk or attention for being a particularly competitive market. Any comments anecdotally that you guys care to share on pricing structure competition in the market?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the -- we are in 6 states. There's no difference in any of the 6 states to Ohio, or for that matter, the other ones. We're in competitive markets, for sure, but that would be true in all of them, all of the states.
Donald R. Kimble: Maybe if I can just add a little color to that as well. As Steve said, we continue to remain very disciplined as far as pricing, and it's very consistent across all states. I think one area that reaffirms that is just taking a look at our C&I yields absent the impact of the hedging, and you can see for instance this last quarter, our C&I yields declined by 2 basis points despite the fact that LIBOR was down by 2 or 3 basis points during that time, same time period. And the temporary benefits that we had talked about really didn't impact the C&I yields that much. More of the portfolio from Fidelity was related to residential real estate and commercial real estate as opposed to C&I. And so we are and continue to remain very disciplined and believe that will be something we'll maintain prospectively.
John V. Moran - Macquarie Research: That's helpful. And just a second one if I could. On the rate of sort of customer acquisition household growth on the consumer side, and also on commercial, the pace of sort of new acquisitions seems to be slowing here as we went through '12. Would you guys attribute that to sort of broader uncertainty, and would it be reasonable to expect that, that will pick back up if we sort of get past some of the stuff down in Washington that you alluded to? Or do you think that kind of the initial thrust here with OCR and some of the different approaches that you guys took led to real rapid acquisition that now is sort of naturally sort of dwindling a bit here in terms of growth rate?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, when we unveiled our Fair Play strategy in late 2010, we didn't project double-digit growth rates. So we've exceeded expectations significantly in terms of what we've been able to deliver. There is seasonality to the consumer side, and we think to a certain extent, as we shared, the business side has also been impacted somewhat in terms of deferred decisions. So we expect to maintain strong relationship growth and continue with what we think is a successful strategy.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Todd Beekman: Thank you very much for your interest in Huntington. If you've got any more questions, feel free to follow up with the IR department. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Beekman - Director of Investor Relations Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Daniel J. Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank
Analysts: Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Joshua M. Sherwin - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. My name is Martina, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Huntington National Bank Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Todd Beekman, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin your conference.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Martina, and welcome. A copy of the slides that we will be reviewing can be found on our website, www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about an hour after the close of the call. Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation will reference non-GAAP financial measures. In that regard, I will direct you to the comparable GAAP financials and the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation, the additional earnings-related material we released this morning and related 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 4. Today's discussion, including the Q&A period, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumption available at this time and are subject to change, risk and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and the material we filed with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now turning to Slide 5 in our presentation. Participating today is Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Don Kimble, our CFO; and Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer. Let's get started and turning to Slide 6. Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Thank you, Todd, and welcome, everyone. We'll begin with a review of our third quarter performance highlights. Dan will provide an update on credit, Steve will then provide you with an update on our strategy and then close with a discussion of our expectations. Turning to Slide 7. We reported net income of $167.8 million or $0.19 per share, up from $0.17 per share last quarter and $0.16 in the year-ago quarter. Total revenues increased $8.1 million or an annualized 5% from the second quarter. Most of the improvement came from our noninterest income. Noninterest income increased $7.2 million, with a $6.3 million improvement in mortgage banking revenues driving most of this change. Our net interest income increased $0.8 million, reflecting a 4 basis point decrease in the margin and a $0.3 billion increase in earning assets. Total loans declined by $1 billion reflecting the impact of transferring $1.3 billion of auto loans to held for sale at the end of the second quarter. Average total core deposits were up 9% annualized from the second quarter led by strong growth in commercial deposits. Noninterest expense increased $14 million. The current quarter reflected a $4.7 million increase in personnel costs, almost entirely related to higher health care costs, a $4.4 million increase in the cost of extinguishment of debt related to loss on our trust redemption this quarter and a gain last quarter. And the quarter also included $4.5 million of cost related to our capital plan and stress test model development during the current quarter. The quarter also included one significant item, which was a $19.5 million state deferred tax valuation allowance benefit. Turning to Slide 8. Steve will provide additional detail later in the call, but you can see that our OCR methodology is continuing to drive success throughout the company. Turning to credit quality, net charge-offs increased $20.9 million this quarter. Of this quarter's net charge-offs, $33 million or 3 -- 33 basis points were related to regulatory guidance requiring consumer loans discharged under Chapter 7 bankruptcy to be charged down to collateral value. Over 90% continue to make payments as scheduled. Despite an additional $63 million of nonaccrual loans related to Chapter 7 bankruptcy, nonaccrual loans were down $29.1 million or 6%. Our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of nonaccrual loans decreased 3 percentage points to 189%. With regard to capital, our tangible common equity ratio rose 33 basis points to 8.74%. The Tier 1 common also increased, up 20 basis points from last quarter. Our Tier 1 and our total risk-based capital ratios declined by 5 basis points and 6 basis points, respectively, reflecting the impact of our trust preferred redemption. Turning to Slide 9 and other highlights for the quarter. We were recognized by MONEY Magazine this year as one of the best banks in America. This is the second year in a row that we've received recognition from this magazine. Another periodical, Bank Director Magazine, ranked Huntington as the second best bank in the country. Our capital management actions continued in the current quarter with an additional 3.7 million shares purchased and the previously announced redemptions of our trust-preferred securities. Our wealth area launched 2 new ETFs, and we entered into 2 new sponsorships in the state of Michigan. Slide 10 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trends. Many of the performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation. So turning to Slide 11. We show a summary income statement for the quarter and also on a year-to-date basis. We adjust the revenue and expenses for items like the gain on the Fidelity acquisition and the first quarter's addition to litigation reserve. We also show the impact of adjusting for our tax benefit, recognized this quarter. While we did not have positive operating leverage in the third quarter, we continue to see modest positive operating leverage on a year-to-date basis. This performance was despite the negative quarterly impact of approximately $17 million related to the Durbin Amendment effective in the fourth quarter of last year. We continue to expect positive operating leverage for the full year. Slide 12 provides trends in the net interest income and margin. The right-hand side of the slide provides a 4 basis point -- it displays a 4 basis point decrease to our net interest margin to 3.38%, which reflected 6 basis points of reduction related to the impact of the extended low-rate environment on asset, yields and mix, a 4 basis point decline from the balance sheet management changes. And these were offset by 6 basis points of increase from the reduction in deposit rates and improvement in deposit mix. Turning to Slide 13. On the right side, you can see that we've shown continued improvement in our deposit mix over the last 5 quarters, as noninterest-bearing DDA balances increased to 27% from 21% of total average deposits. The improved deposit mix reflects the success of Fair Play banking on growing consumer DDAs, as well as our treasury management and OCR focus on growing commercial demand deposits. This improving mix has contributed to the 29 basis point decline in our average rate paid on total deposits over the last 5 quarters. On the left-hand side of the slide, you can see that the maturity schedule of our CD portfolio and another wave of higher-cost CDs are expected to mature in the middle of 2013. Slide 14 provides a summary income statement and some color on items impacted linked quarter performance. Items of note included $6.3 million of improvement in mortgage banking revenues. This improvement reflected the higher secondary marketing gains, as origination volumes remained fairly stable at about $1.2 billion for the quarter. This quarter also included $4 million of security gains as we repositioned our portfolio by increasing our Held-to-Maturity securities portfolio by $0.9 billion to $1.6 billion. Noninterest expenses increased by $14 million this quarter, reflecting $4.5 million of regulatory costs related to this year's capital plan. We would expect these costs to continue at this level for the next quarter but do not -- not to continue into 2013. Our personnel costs were up $4.7 million for this quarter, primarily related to health care costs up 37% from last quarter. This increase reflects both the impact of a few large claims, along with seasonal trends. As we've announced earlier in the quarter, we continue to redeem our higher cost trust-preferred securities. We have $300 million of trust-preferred securities remaining, with an average rate of LIBOR plus 102 basis points. Slide 15 reflects the trends in capital. Intangible common equity ratio increased to 8.74%, up from 8.41% at the end of the prior quarter. The Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased to 10.28% from 10.08% at the end of the prior quarter. These ratios reflect the impact of repurchasing 3.7 million common shares for approximately $25 million. The Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios declined by 5 and 6 basis points, respectively, reflecting the impact of $114 million of trust-preferred securities redemption. Slide 16 provides an update on the performance of our in-store strategy. We currently have 83 stores open under the Giant Eagle and Meijer partnership. We'll open another 44 stores by the end of 2013. We have stated our expectation for a 2-year breakeven for these stores. During the fourth quarter, we'll have 4 in-store branches that have been opened for this 2-year time period, 3 of which are already at breakeven or better. The impact of this strategy has reduced our pretax, pre-provision earnings by approximately $20 million in 2012. This proactive pretax pre-provision earnings is expected to continue into 2013, as the estimated $25 million increase to total expenses should be offset over the course of the year by the revenue generated from maturing branches. The total in-store strategy is expected to be breakeven in 2014. We continue to be pleased with the performance of this initiative and the value of the partnerships and the financial results, especially when considering the negative impact of this low-rate environment. Now let me turn the presentation over to Dan.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Don. Slide 17 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. The third quarter charge-off ratio reflects an increase to 105 basis points, up from 82 basis points 1 quarter earlier. However, the ratio was impacted by $33 million, or 33 basis points, by the regulatory guidance related to Chapter 7 bankruptcy, consumer loans. Looking through this impact, both the commercial and consumer portfolios experienced improvement. Loans past due, greater than 90 days and still accruing, were relatively stable in the quarter and very well-controlled. You may recall that the second quarter uptick in past dues were caused by the acquired Fidelity portfolio. Fidelity loans include accruing, purchased impaired loans which were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and will remain in accruing status. The NPA ratio showed modest improvement in the quarter despite the addition of $63 million of new non-accruals due to the related impact of the previously referenced Chapter 7 loans. The criticized asset ratio also showed improvement, falling from 6.01% to 5.45%. The allowance for loan and leased loss and the allowance for credit loss to loans ratios fell in the quarter to 1.96% and 2.09%, respectively, reflecting continued asset quality improvement. The ALLL and ACL coverage ratios both fell modestly, although they remain healthy and appropriate given the generally improving loan portfolio, including lower nonperforming loans. Slide 18 shows the trends in our nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates a modest but sustained reduction in our nonperforming assets. The improvement in the quarter is impacted by the addition of the $63 million referenced earlier. Similarly, the chart on the right shows the NPA inflows, which also includes the additional $63 million. That $63 million accounts for 16 basis points of the 53 basis points of inflows. Slide 19 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. NPAs fell by 3% in the quarter, compared to 1% reduction in the prior quarter. As already mentioned, inflows increased in the third quarter due to the Chapter 7-related loans. Payments and return to accruing status were both up in the quarter and contributed to the quarter-over-quarter reduction. Turning to Slide 20. We provide a similar flow analysis of commercial criticized loans. This quarter saw a sizable reduction in criticized inflows as the previous quarter included $213 million of inflows related to the folding in of the Fidelity portfolio. Upgrades of previously criticized loans, along with increased paydowns, resulted in an 11% decrease in criticized commercial loans for the quarter, the largest reduction experienced in the last year. Moving to Slide 21. Commercial loan delinquencies remain elevated in both the 30- and 90-day categories, or over what we had shown from the second quarter of '11 through the first quarter of '12. This increase is due to the addition of the Fidelity portfolio. All of the 90-day delinquencies are related to the Fidelity purchased impaired loans, which were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain in accruing status. However, delinquencies remain very well-controlled. Slide 22 outlines consumer loan delinquencies, which are in line with expectations and reveal a generally improving trend. In aggregate, 30-day consumer delinquencies showed modest improvement quarter-over-quarter as depicted in the chart on the left. Both residential and auto loans showed improvement quarter-over-quarter, while home equity delinquencies were up slightly. 90-day delinquencies continued their overall decline, with auto flat quarter-to-quarter, residential down, and home equity up 3 basis points. Reviewing Slide 23. The loan-loss provision of $37 million was relatively flat from the prior quarter and was less than charge-offs by $68 million. The ratio of ACL to NALs continued the modest decline, from 192% to 189%. The ACL to loans was lower at 2.09%, compared with 2.28% last quarter. Most of the major credit metrics continued to show a continued improvement and therefore, we believe these coverage levels remain adequate and appropriate. In summary, we remain pleased with the quarter's results and expect continued positive movement in the coming quarters despite ongoing economic concerns. And now, I'll turn it back to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you, Dan. Turning to Slide 24. As mentioned in Don's opening comments, our Fair Play banking philosophy, coupled with our optimal customer relationship or OCR process, continues to drive significant new customer acquisitions and increasing share of wallet. This slide recaps the continued strong upward trend in consumer checking account households. In the third quarter, consumer checking account households grew at an annualized rate of 12.7% to 1,204,000. We've grown households at a 12% rate over the last year, and since we've launched our new consumer strategy in the middle of 2010, we've added over 240,000 households. 4+ products and services penetration is relatively similar to last quarter at 75.9%, an increase over 3% since this time last year. The pause in the 4+ growth looks to be related to the timing of ACH payments that look to have cleared in early October versus month-end September for approximately 6% of the households. For the third quarter, related revenue was $246 million, down $4 million from the second quarter of 2012. However, it was $6 million lower than a year ago. As you may recall, the fourth quarter negative impact of Durban was $17 million, so when you compare just our consumer household revenue year-over-year, we've already made up over 65% of the mandated reduction in debit card interchange fees. Slides 31 and 32 in the appendix provide additional details regarding consumer quarterly OCR trends. Turning to Slide 25. Commercial relationship growth remained strong, but as we commented in the release, customer sentiment changed late in the quarter and this directly impacted growth. Commercial relationships in the third quarter grew at an annualized rate of 7.9% and were up nearly 10% from a year ago. While there was a slowdown in new relationship acquisition, we continue to increase cross-sell. At the end of the third quarter, 33.5% of our commercial relationships utilized 4 or more products or services, this was nearly 1% higher than last quarter and over a 4% increase from a year ago. Related commercial revenue, just like LIBOR and capital markets activities, continued to be volatile, decreasing $13 million, and it is a similar level from the third quarter of 2011. Slides 33 and 34 in the appendix provide additional details. Turning to Slide 26. Our strategy of investing in the business to grow the customer base, coupled with our OCR sales process to drive additional cross-sell and improve customer retention, is positively impacting the company's financial performance. The local Midwest economy plays an important role on our customer needs for additional financial services. Consumer sentiment has changed little and the pipeline of new commercial customers remains robust, but there has been a clear hesitation with commercial customers given the uncertainties surrounding the election and fiscal cliff. Nevertheless, we continue to benefit from the strength in the Midwest and our ability -- and the ability of our strategy will continue to drive growth and improve profitability. With regard to net interest income, we anticipate it will be relatively stable, modest total loan growth. Excluding any future impacts of additional auto securitizations, it is expected to continue, as is growth in low-cost deposits. So the benefit from this growth is expected be offset by net interest margin pressure. C&I loans are expected to show a steady growth reflecting the benefits of our strategic initiatives to expand our business in commercial and the expertise in the related verticals. Commercial Real Estate loans are expected to modestly decline from current levels. Residential mortgages and home equity loan growth is expected to be relatively flat. We continue to expect to see strong automobile loan origination, so on balance sheet, growth will be muted due to expectations of completing occasional securitizations. Growth in no- and low-cost deposits remains our focus. Growth in overall total deposits, however, is expected to be slightly less than growth in total loans. Noninterest income is expected to be relatively stable from this quarter's level, when you exclude any auto securitizations and security gains and net impact from the MSR. We expect our growth in new relationships and increased cross-sell success to be offset by a slowdown in mortgage banking activity. For 2012, we continue to anticipate positive operating leverage and modest improvement in our expense efficiency ratio. This will likely reflect more the benefit of revenue growth as expenses could increase slightly. While we continue our focus on improving expense efficiency throughout the company, we anticipate additional regulatory costs and expenses associated with strategic actions. On the credit front, we can expect to see continued improvement from current levels. There could be some quarterly volatility given the uncertain and uneven nature of the economic recovery. The level of provision expense, as mentioned earlier, is at the low end of our long-term expectations. We will remain disciplined in our growth and pricing of loans and deposits, and there's still some leverage there. We continue to believe 2012 will be another year of marked progress in positioning Huntington for measured growth and improvement in sustainable long-term profitability. Thanks for your interest in Huntington.
Todd Beekman: Operator, we'll now take questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Erika Penala from Bank of America.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My question is just sort of clarity on some of the expectations that you laid out for us, which we appreciate. As the top line is expected to be relatively stable and you're expecting some expense growth, some modest expense growth, what is going to fuel EPS growth for 2013? Should we count on the provision staying at the low end of the range? Or am I thinking of it too simplistically?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. Erika, this is Don, and I don't know that we provided explicit guidance yet for '13, but we're very focused on improving the operating earnings of the company that in the near term, we will have some challenges because of the impact of some of our initiatives, namely the in-store branches, and so the addition of $25 million of expenses there we believe will be offset by other expense initiatives to help minimize that. We don't expect to have a significant positive operating leverage, but we are very focused on trying to drive that. As far as the credit outlook, we expect to continue to see improvement in the overall credit metrics and the provision will reflect the immediate reserves and the establishment of the provision for that.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And my follow-up question is for Steve. Steve, I think you have a very clear message to the investor community that you're looking to invest in this franchise over the long term. I'm curious as to -- if the operating environment lengthens some of your -- some of -- how long it takes, for example, to break even with some of your initiatives, how quickly will you look for expense rationalization elsewhere? For example, if the in-store branch network, not because of your efforts, but let's say because of the operating environment, takes longer than you think to break even, how quickly can you pull expense levers elsewhere?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, we're continuing to work expenses throughout the company and we will do so next year, and so we're offsetting some of the investments with reductions in a variety of other areas and that will continue. We're going to be paced about further expansions at this point, and I think we've got enough momentum and opportunities to absorb what we've already committed and still drive the company in the fashion we want to, Erika.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My question's on capital deployment. If I remember right, you had about $180 million that you could have bought back through first quarter of 2013, but it looks like buybacks slowed a lot this quarter. I was wondering if you can just provide a little more detail on kind of what your buyback strategy is and should we expect an acceleration in buybacks over the next couple of quarters just to get you up to the CCAR level? Or is there something else that we should be considering?
Donald R. Kimble: Ken, this is Don. And as far as the capital deployment, you're right that our approval for our capital plan included the ability to buy back over $180 million worth of common stock, that our strategy, as far as executing against that, has really had a couple of components, one is more of a recurring-based approach and another is to be more price-sensitive. And so this past quarter, we didn't see the same number of opportunities that we would have had in the second quarter to execute against that more price-sensitive type of strategy and we'll continue to reassess that as we work through the year.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Does your commentary on slowing loan growth play a part into just the lack of other options you have for that capital? I mean, with all things equal, with the same price, would you buy more stock because of the lack of loan growth opportunities?
Donald R. Kimble: Well, we do see loan growth slowing some, but it might just change the mix of business a little bit. I don't know that, that would have a direct impact on our share buyback approach or timing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Ramsey from FBR.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Along those same lines, if the market doesn't give you more attractive opportunities for buybacks and as you have highlighted, you do have a good deal of excess capital. How do you think about deploying that to the dividend and dividend increases potentially?
Donald R. Kimble: As far as dividend increases that -- we really are constrained based on the capital plan that we submitted last year, then we'll be reassessing that for the current plan that we'll be submitting in January to see if there's other opportunities in connection with return of capital. But now, we don't have any flexibility through the first quarter of next year as far as assessing that.
Bob Ramsey - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Well, as you, I guess, think about the plan for next year, I mean, do you have a payout ratio in mind that you guys would ideally like to work towards? Or how do you think about what the right level of dividend could be?
Donald R. Kimble: We're still working through that strategy now. We have a lot of thoughts and opinions on that and we'll be working that into our recommended plan and reviewing that with the regulators. So I wouldn't want to comment or provide any expectation at this point in time as far as any changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers from Sandler O'Neill.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I guess on the theme of overall growth and then kind of tying it back into some of these capital deployment questions. If the loan growth environment is kind of getting a little tougher, does this change at all the way you would think about potentially doing M&A? I mean, Steve, you've been, I think, pretty clear about what kinds of banks you'd like to buy, but if the longer-term growth profile is maybe slowing a little bit, does that have any ramification on the way you think about looking externally for growth?
Stephen D. Steinour: No, the answer to your question, definitely. We're -- we've established some criteria. We're going to be disciplined about the use of capital. If we find the right situation, we have the capacity to do things and -- but as you've seen throughout the year, we're going to retain the discipline. Despite -- the loan growth is only part of the story, Scott. We're getting extraordinarily strong, deposit household, consumer deposit household growth. And while the attractiveness of DDA in this interest rate environment is muted, it is contributing to our ability to actually manage a NIM expansion year-over-year in a meaningful way. So we like what's going on with our acquisition on the deposit side, and our cross-sell to those households, and we'll be working that very, very diligently, and then acquisition has the potential to create a bit of a distraction. So to that, like the fundamentals of the business in a number of respects, but we clearly will need to be driving at even a higher level, going forward, given this new interest rate environment.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay, I appreciate that. And then I guess, Don, kind of a follow-on on the idea of growth and specifically with regards to the auto portfolio. I guess I've looked at the securitizations that you've been doing the last couple of years, as in part, just a way to help cap auto's contribution to the overall loan portfolio. But by the same token, it has generated some fee income. Have you guys given any thought, given that originations are still pretty strong, to maybe making those securitizations a little more frequent or regular, such that it could become a more consistent fee contributor?
Donald R. Kimble: Scott, as far as that question, we understand the value of having more frequent securitizations. The challenge we have is that there are costs associated with each transaction and we want to make sure that we're economic and efficient as far as execution on those. And so we do believe that we'll probably continue at, say, 2 a year, and the size of those securitizations might be changed slightly. We announced earlier this month that we closed a transaction of $1 billion, which was down from the previous securitization transaction, and also reflects the impact of the partial loan sale we had during the third quarter. So I think you might see a little bit more flexibility as far as the size of future transactions as opposed to the frequency.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler from Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So just isolating the C&I loan growth rate, and you're kind of more conservative comments today on the forward trend, I'm wondering, what was the impact from floor plan seasonality and any other items that may have been unusual or any other loan segments that might have been negatively seasonal in the third quarter? Was there anything else?
Donald R. Kimble: There really wasn't much else as far as seasonality and floor plan loans generally were fairly stable. So we didn't see much increase. What we really did see though was, in the month of September, commercial loan balances were fairly stable and we would tend to see a little bit of a step-up at the end of each quarter. And so that's why we showed a little bit slower growth in general than what we had in previous quarters.
Stephen D. Steinour: Craig, the pipeline going into the third quarter was strong and currently is strong. What we saw, more deferred decision-making throughout the quarter, and that may be the environment until we get beyond this fiscal cliff uncertainty, which is why we're trying to just adjust expectation. I don't think the fundamentals have changed and our activities haven't changed. So I think we're in a moment of pause, but we're trying to be conservative and/or realistic depending on what happens with the upcoming election and the cliff.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And Steve, if you look at last quarter's, fourth quarter growth rate in C&I, it was very strong for almost every bank out there, very strong. A lot of that did then go away in January, but with that seasonal trend in the past, I guess your guess is the negative decision-making related to the fiscal cliff and election will more than offset that, sort of keeping C&I loan growth well below where it's even been in the nonseasonal quarters.
Stephen D. Steinour: We do have that outlook. Obviously, there's a lot at play over the next 4 months here. And the fundamentals, however, remain encouraging, but a lot of our business, and it may be unique to us, compared to some of the other banks you're looking at, is with privately-held businesses. And put yourself in their shoes, you've got tremendous levels of uncertainty and I think that's causing a pullback, a deferral.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Don, I was wondering if you can just give us a little bit more color on the earning asset yield side. Number one, understanding the volume comments that you guys have all made, can you just talk us through what you're seeing in terms of the incremental pricing on the loan side? And then secondly, it does look like you're allowing some of the securities portfolio to run down a little bit. Can you talk about cash flows and your kind of from and to rates as far as how you're thinking about the tough rate environment with regards to securities and reinvestments?
Donald R. Kimble: Sure. As far as the loan yields, the C&I loan yields for the current quarter, really remained in line with what we've seen in previous quarters, that there is tough competition out there, but I think we've been doing a good job of remaining fairly disciplined as far as that price, that the yields will change over time as it reflects the improving underlying credit quality of the originations compared to the existing portfolio. Commercial Real Estate really did not have a lot of originations in the current quarter, and so I wouldn't want to comment on any changes there as far as pricing because there really wasn't sufficient volume to make that differentiation. On the Indirect Auto side, we continue to target our 2% type of credit-adjusted spread. We're maintaining that. We did see volumes come down just ever so slightly from second quarter to third quarter and that probably reflected a little bit more aggressive pricing from some of the competitors, but we want to make sure that we maintain that discipline there and you may see ongoing changes as far as volumes, based on that. And then on the consumer portfolios, we did see some price increases that we initiated on some of the consumer loan portfolios in anticipation of the new capital standards. And so we started to price some of those portfolios a little bit higher to reflect that. On the securities portfolio, in aggregate, if you add both the Held-to-Maturity and available for sale, the balance really stayed relatively stable from quarter-to-quarter. The challenge we're seeing now, though, that you probably heard from others, is with the effect of QE3, the primary asset class we put in that investment portfolios, are agency CMOs, and so that yield has come down. And so what we're seeing for the reinvestment of cash flows that are sourced from that, which tend to run about $140 million a month, are probably about 30 basis points lower today than where they were last quarter, and so we're seeing yields there in the $150 million to $170 million range as far as new purchases.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And then my second question, I just want to ask you about mortgage banking because I know in kind your outlook, you're talking about it being a little bit lower, but you seem to have really still strong strength this quarter and that was even with the -- an MSR-net write-down. So I wanted to just ask you about your pipeline for mortgage banking, how you feel about the kind of production fees, and then if you could also just make a comment on what, if anything, you're changing with related to MSR hedging, and how that flows through the income statement?
Donald R. Kimble: Great. As far as the mortgage volume, we would agree that we think the fourth quarter is still going to be strong as far as origination volume for us in mortgage lending, that application flows are still very strong for us. So our outlook comment is more referencing over the longer-term horizon that we do think that will come down from the current levels. We expect to continue to see strong spreads from those secondary marketing gains on sale of those loans as well. As far as the MSR assets, we really have 2 components of our MSR, and the hedging strategy is different for each. For our fair value portion of our hedge, which is -- now represents about 1/3 of the total MSR asset, we try to hedge that so we can protect volatility against the overall impact from changes in interest rates. For the low-comp portion of the portfolio, we don't do a 100% hedge and what we do there is try to evaluate what the impact is to the total mortgage banking income line item as opposed to just the MSR asset. And so we're looking at that as far as the rate impact on current origination volumes and pricing to see if that's an organic hedge against a portion of it, so you might see continued volatility in that plus or minus $4 million range on a quarter-to-quarter basis based on that overall position.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then Don, just the last thing. As we hear the outlook, it seems like some of the outlook is very consistent with near term and then some of the outlook is more about the longer term, right? And I guess maybe can you just spend a second and kind of just discern the 2?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, we tend not to give a specific guidance on the next quarter, but I would say the majority of the observations or expectations are for the medium-term horizon, the next couple -- the 3 quarters or so. And so our guidance on loan growth, on margin, on fee income, tend to be more of that over the medium term as opposed to the immediate quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Stephen Scinicariello from UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just with regard to the expenses, we know that the in-store strategy poses a bit of a headwind over the medium term here. But just curious if you could talk about some of the potential sources of operating leverage that you see both over the medium term and longer term as well.
Donald R. Kimble: As far as additional efficiencies, we continue to look at a number of areas, including both frontline and back-office type efficiencies. And so we put in a number of changes that will help drive better efficiency in some of our branches and how we are providing service and how we process transactions from that perspective. We've done a number of things on the back-office side to consolidate and streamline and provide more efficiencies throughout the servicing side of it. This last year, we've really adopted more of a continuous improvement type of value throughout the entire company, and encouraging our colleagues to identify other opportunities for us to provide more efficient and effective service to both our internal customers, as well as our external customers. And so each one of those, while they may not be large initiatives and you probably won't see an announcement of a significant adjustment of staffing levels or one-time charges, but we do believe that each of them will be incremental and additive to help result in additional efficiencies that can help fund some of the investments we're making in in-store and other initiatives.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great, that's very helpful. And then just the last question I had for you was, just as you look at that Michigan marketplace, some of the competitive dynamics may be in the process of changing, given the acquisition in that marketplace, just kind of wondering if you're seeing that as a potential opportunity or as a possible threat?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, Michigan has been a terrific market for us to operate in and we've been in it for decades now. We have significantly expanded the team in -- the teams, I should say, in Michigan. The Meijer announcement earlier this year reflects confidence, based on performance over the last few years, of our ability to grow in Michigan. And we certainly expect to continue to grow. Our deposit share went up a notch this year, I think, 8 to 7, and so we're going to continue to invest in Michigan and expect it to grow, and I haven't given thought to competitive dynamic change. There's a -- we like where we're positioned. We believe we can compete, win and grow, and we expect to continue to do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Joshua Sherwin from [indiscernible].
Joshua M. Sherwin - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: This is Josh, actually from Jack Micenko's team. Just a quick question on the deposit composition. I saw that your MMDAs ticked up significantly in the quarter. Is there anything in particular driving that?
Donald R. Kimble: We did see some increases there, especially on the commercial side, that as part of our treasury management services, for our commercial customers, we've been able to identify some customers that we've been able to attract their money market deposits. We've also had some concerted efforts as far as retention on the consumer side related to the money market balances as well, and that provided a change in the trend compared to previous quarters.
Operator: There are no further questions. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation today. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Beekman - Director of Investor Relations Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Daniel J. Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank Nicholas G. Stanutz - Senior Executive Vice President of ABL, CRE and Auto Finance Group Director
Analysts: Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Maclovio Pina - Morningstar Inc., Research Division David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Kurt, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bank's Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Todd Beekman, you may begin your conference.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Kurt. Welcome. I'm Todd Beekman, the Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides that we will be reviewing can be found on our website at www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about an hour after the close of the call. Please call Investor Relations at (614) 480-5676 for more information on how to access this recording or playback should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides. Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these. Let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation will reference to GAAP -- non-GAAP financial measures. In that regard, I direct you to the comparable GAAP financial measures and the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measures within the presentation. Additional earnings-related material that we released this morning and the related 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 4. Today's discussion, including Q&A period, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to change, risk and uncertainties, which may cause results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to the slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Slide 5. Now turning to today's presentation. Participants will be Steve Steinour, CEO; Don Kimble, our CFO; Dan Neumeyer, our Chief Credit Officer; and joining us for the Q&A will be Nick Stanutz, Senior Vice President, Head of Auto and Corporate Real Estate. Let's get started turning to Slide 6, and Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Thanks, Todd, and welcome, everyone. We'll begin with a review of our second quarter performance highlights; and then Dan will provide an update on credit; and then Steve will continue with an update on our OCR strategy; and then close with the discussion of our expectations for the remainder of this year. Turning to Slide 7, we reported net income of $152.7 million dollars or $0.17 per share. That's equal to last quarter, but up 5% and 6%, respectively, from the year-ago quarter. Total revenue decreased $17.9 million, or 3% from the first quarter, all due to a decline in noninterest income, as the first quarter included 2 large gains. Noninterest income declined by $31.5 million at the first quarter, included a $23 million gain from our auto loan securitization, and an $11.4 million bargain purchase gain associated with the Fidelity Bank acquisition. Importantly, our net interest income increased $13.6 million, reflecting a 2 basis point increase in the margin and strong organic loan growth, as well as the impact of Fidelity Bank and the municipal lease portfolio purchases that occurred late in the first quarter. Average total core deposits were up 13% annualized from the first quarter, about 1/2 of which related to the Fidelity acquisition. Noninterest expense decreased $18.4 million as the prior quarter included a $23.5 million increase to our litigation reserves. The current quarter also reflected lower deposits and insurance -- other insurance costs of $5 million. It was negatively impacted by the $6.8 million of expenses related to Fidelity. Turning to Slide 8. Steve will go into additional detail later in the call, but you can see that our OCR methodology is continuing to drive success throughout the company. Turning to credit quality, our metrics were fairly stable. Net charge-offs to loans declined from 85 basis points to 82 basis points this quarter. Nonaccrual loans were up 1%, and our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of nonaccrual loans decreased to 192%, which we still believe will continue to compare favorably to our peers. With regard to capital, our tangible common equity ratio rose 8 basis points to 8.41%. Our Tier 1 capital ratio decline reflected the impact of growth in risk-weighted assets, as well as our trust-preferred redemption that was completed this quarter. The Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios declined by 29 and 35 basis points, respectively. Turning to Slide 9 and other highlights for the quarter. We successfully completed the integration of Fidelity Bank within 90 days of the acquisition. Cost saves are at or above our planned levels, and we expect to achieve greater than 60% cost saves over the next couple of quarters. We signed an agreement with Meijer, a leading grocer in Michigan, to increase our in-store distribution by over 80 stores. The repurchased 6.4 million shares is part of our capital plan this past quarter at an average price of $6.26 per share. And Pete Kight joined our Board of Directors. Pete is the founder and former Chairman of CheckFree. He'll bring new insights to our board. Slide 10 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trends, and the performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation. Turning to Slide 11, we show a summary of income statement. Here, we also show both revenues and expenses adjusted for the impact of significant items in the prior quarter. On both a GAAP on the adjusted basis, revenues and expenses were both up 4% over the prior year. This revenue performance was despite the negative impact of approximately $17 million related to the Durbin Amendment implemented in the fourth quarter of last year. Slide 12 displays the trends of our noninterest -- net interest income and margin. During this quarter, our fully taxable equivalent net interest income increased by $13.6 million, reflecting the benefit of a $1.3 billion increase in our average earning asset and a 2 basis point increase in our net interest margin to 3.42%. The increase in the net interest margin reflected the impact of 5 basis point increase from the reduction in deposit rates and the improvement in the overall deposit mix. A 2 basis point improvement from balance sheet management changes, which were offset by a 5 basis point reduction related to the impact of the extended low-rate environment on loan yields. Slide 13 shows the trends in our loan and lease portfolio. Average total loans and leases increased $2 billion or 5% from the prior quarter, primarily reflecting $1.3 billion or 9% growth in average commercial and industrial loans, reflecting the continued organic growth from multiple business lines, including equipment, finance, large corporate and health care, as well as the impact of our $0.4 billion municipal lease portfolio purchased late in the first quarter. A $0.4 billion or 9% increase in the average automobile loans, as we originated $1.1 billion of loans this quarter, which is a new record for us. The growth in commercial real estate balances reflected the impact of the Fidelity acquisition, as majority of Fidelity loans were commercial real estate. Last quarter, we gave an update on our auto loan pricing, and given the continued level of originations from this business, we thought it would be helpful to update our recent pricing performance. As you know, we originate super prime and direct auto loans. The charts on the left show the industry rates for the super prime new and used vehicles. Huntington comparable rates are shown on the right, again, segregated between new and used autos. Our originations have had an average FICO score of 760, have been fairly stable over the last several years. With regard to loans on new vehicles, as shown on the left, the average industry rate in 2012 first quarter for super prime loans was 3.21%. This rate was down 43 basis points from a year earlier. Huntington's average rate, as shown on the right, in the 2012 first quarter was 3.93%, or 72 basis points higher than the industry average. Further, this was down only 33 basis points from the year prior. The story is similar for used car loans. For the industry, the average rate in the 2012 first quarter for super prime loans was 4.40%, a 66 basis point drop from a year earlier. In contrast, our average rate in the 2012 first quarter was 5.93%, or 153 basis points higher than the comparable industry average. For the second quarter, our new car rate saw 17 basis point improvement, while our used car rate dropped about 31 basis points. Nevertheless, both new and used car average rates of 4.10% and 4 -- 5.62% offer very respectable returns. Onto Slide 15, we have shown continued improvement in our deposit mix in the last 5 quarters, as noninterest-bearing DDA balances increased to 27% from 20% of our total average deposits. The improved deposit mix reflects the success of Fair Play banking on growing our consumer DDA, as well as other treasury management and OCR focus on growing commercial demand deposits. Turning to Slide 16, our total average core deposits are up $1.4 billion or 3%. This reflected a $0.7 billion of deposits from the Fidelity acquisition. The demand deposit growth reflected strong growth in consumer households and commercial relationships, which both increased at about a 12% annualized pace this past quarter. As mentioned last quarter, about $1 billion of our commercial balances reflect temporary deposits, which are expected to decline over the next several quarters. Slide 17 shows the trends in our noninterest income, which decreased $32 million or 11% from the prior quarter. The decrease reflected $23 million of lower gains on loan sales, as the prior quarter included gains associated with our automobile loan securitization. The prior quarter also included the $11.4 million bargain purchase gain related to the Fidelity Bank acquisition. Mortgage banking income showed an $8.1 million decrease related to the $7 million decline in our MSR hedging net gain. Service charges on electronic banking provided linked quarter growth of 9% and 10%, respectively, reflecting the impact of our household growth and cross-sell focus. Capital markets fees increased $3.5 million this past quarter, reflecting the benefits from our investment in the strategic initiative. The next slide summarizes expense trends. Noninterest expense declined $18.4 million or 4%. This reflected the impact of last quarter's $23.5 million increase in our litigation reserves. Other areas of note included $3.6 million decrease in the occupancy costs, which includes seasonal trends, but also a $2 million temporary benefit. A $5 million reduction in deposit and other insurance reflected adjustment to insurance premiums in both the prior and current quarter. Slide 19 reflects the trends in capital. Our tangible common equity ratio increased to 8.41%, up from 8.33% at the end of the prior quarter. The Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio declined from 10.15% to 10.08%. These ratios reflected the impact of repurchasing 6.4 million shares in the average price of $6.24 per share. Last month, the Federal Reserve issued a notice of proposed rule-making related to the Basel III capital standards for the United States. These proposed rules have been published for comment and are not yet final. But we estimate, that on a fully phased in basis, our Tier 1 common ratio to be negatively impacted by approximately 150 basis points. So with that, let me turn the presentation over to Dan Neumeyer to review the credit terms. Dan?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Don. Slide 20 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. The second quarter charge-off ratio showed modest improvement falling from 85 basis points to 82 basis points. Charge-off dollars were fairly flat quarter-over-quarter on an expanding loan portfolio. Loans past due greater than 90 days and still accruing increased in the quarter, with that increase being attributable to the Fidelity portfolio, which is included in our overall numbers in the second quarter. Fidelity loans include accruing purchased impaired loans which were recorded at fair value upon acquisition and will remain in accruing status. The NPA ratio increased slightly as consumer OREO assets were reduced in the quarter, but the ratio was impacted by the $1.3 billion reclassification of automobile loans to held for sale. The nonaccrual loan ratio increased slightly from 1.15% to 1.19% as nonaccrual inflows were up in the quarter. The criticized asset ratio increased from 5.8% to 6.01% due to the addition of the Fidelity portfolio. The allowance for loan and lease loss and the allowance for credit loss-to-loans ratios fell to 2.15% and 2.28%, respectively, from 2.24% and 2.37%, respectively, reflecting continued asset quality improvement. The coverage ratios both fell modestly, although they remain healthy and appropriate given the generally improving loan portfolio. Slide 21 shows the trends of our nonaccrual loans. The charts on the left demonstrate a modest uptick in the nonaccrual loan ratio in the quarter. This was driven by an increase in nonaccrual loan inflows during the past 3 months. During the second quarter, we moved several large credits, primarily in the commercial real estate portfolio to nonaccrual status. The level of inflow is depicted on the charts on the right-hand side of the page. As you can see by the graphs, the movements from quarter-to-quarter tend to be choppy, and the unevenness is confined to the commercial portfolio where the size of the credits can result in larger swings from quarter-to-quarter. Last quarter's inflows were the lowest reported in several years, underscoring uneven nature of the commercial portfolio. Slide 22 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. NPAs fell by 1% in the quarter compared to an 11% reduction in the prior quarter. As already mentioned, inflows increased in the second quarter, as several larger commercial credits were moved to nonaccrual loan status and is reflected of the uneven moves mentioned earlier. The average reduction in NPAs over the last 2 quarters was 6%, consistent with the quarterly reduction experienced in prior quarters. We continue to make good progress in our NPA reductions with the 20% reduction year-over-year. Turning to Slide 23, we provided similar flow analysis of commercial criticized loans. While a significant increase in inflows was depicted, 213 million of the additions are due to the Fidelity transaction. Upgrades of previously criticized loans also increased in the quarter, and along with pay-downs and charge-offs, resulted in a net 4% increase in criticized commercial loans. As you will see in the footnotes, however, excluding the impact of Fidelity, criticized commercial loans were down 7% in the quarter, which is consistent with the level of quarterly reductions over the past year. Moving to Slide 24. Commercial loan delinquencies show an increase in both 30- and 90-day categories. The increase in the 90-day delinquencies are exclusively related to Fidelity-purchased impaired loans, which again, are recorded at fair value upon acquisition and remain an accruing status. Even without the adjustments for Fidelity, delinquencies remained very well controlled. Slide 25 outlines consumer loan delinquencies which are in line with expectations. 30-day delinquencies were flat quarter-over-quarter, as depicted in the chart on the left. Both residential and home equity loans showed improvement quarter-over-quarter, while auto delinquencies were up due to the movement of $1.3 billion of loans to held for sale. In terms of dollar delinquency, the level of auto delinquencies is actually up only modestly from the prior quarter, which is noticeably lower than the 3 quarters prior to that. 90-day delinquencies continue their decline. Reviewing Slide 26, the loan loss provision of $36.5 million was up marginally from the prior quarter and was less than net charge-offs by $47.7 million. The ratio of ACL -- nonaccrual loans fell to 192% from 206%, still providing a healthy coverage level. The allowance for credit losses to loans was lower at 2.28% compared to 2.37% last quarter. We also believe this to be a solid ratio given the continued improvement in the risk profile of the portfolio and overall improving trends. In summary, we are pleased to the quarter's results and expect continued positive movement in the upcoming quarters despite ongoing economic challenges. Let me turn the presentation over to Steve at this point.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thanks, Dan. As mentioned in Don's opening comments of Fair Play banking philosophy, coupled with our optimal customer relationship, or what we refer to as OCR, is driving continued strength in new customer growth and product penetration. This slide recaps the continued strong upward trend in the consumer checking account households. In the second quarter, consumer checking account household grew at a rate of 11.6% to 1,167,000. Just over 3,000 households were added because of the Fidelity acquisition. We've grown households to the 12% rate over the last year. And since we've launched our new consumer strategy in the middle of 2010, we've added over 200,000 households. 4+ products or services penetration continued to improve, increasing nearly 1% over the last quarter to 76%. It was nearly a 5 percentage point increase since this time last year. And for the second quarter, related revenue was $250 million, up $13 million from the first quarter of 2012, however, it was $10 million lower than a year ago. And as you may recall, the fourth quarter negative impact of Durbin to us was $17 million. So when you compare just our consumer household revenue, we've already made up over 40% of the mandated reduction in debit card interchange fees. Slide 34 and 35 in the appendix provide additional details regarding consumer quarterly OCR trends. We're seeing similar trends in our commercial relationships. As shown on Slide 28, the relationships growth were strong and accelerating. Commercial relationships in the second quarter accrued an annualized rate of 11.9% and were up over 10% from a year ago. At the end of the second quarter, 32.6% of our commercial relationships utilized 4 or more products. This is 0.1 point below last quarter that reflected the combination of both very strong organic growth, the addition of less penetrated Fidelity customer base, and then the typical slightly longer sales cycle that comes with the commercial and small business customers. Related revenue bounced back from its usual seasonal first quarter weakness, increasing $19 million and was up over 13% from second quarter 2011, as we saw the continued benefits in the investments we made in the company we anticipate from the investments we've made: equipment finance, treasury management and capital markets. Slides 36 and 37 in the appendix provide additional details. Turning to Slide 29, our strategy of investing the business to grow the customer base, coupled with our OCR sales process to drive additional cross-sell in improved customer retention is positively impacting the company's performance. The local Midwest economy plays an important role in our customers' needs for additional financial services. As we've been stating for the last couple of quarters, we are concerned with the fragility of the U.S. and global economic recovery, and over the last quarter, have played out with a noticeable economic deceleration. Nevertheless, we continue to benefit from the Midwest recovering faster from the broader U.S., but we remain cautious. With regard to net interest income, we anticipate modest growth. Momentum we are seeing in our total loan growth, excluding any future impact of additional auto securitizations, is expected to continue as is growth in low-cost deposits. So the benefit from this growth is expected to be mostly offset by net interest margin pressure. C&I loans are expected to show meaningful growth, reflecting the benefits of our strategic initiatives to expand our business in commercial lending expertise and related verticals, as well as to other geographies. Commercial real estate loans are expected to decline from current levels. Residential mortgages and home equity loan growth is expected to be relatively flat. This view regarding home equity and residential mortgages is a change from our prior expectations noted last quarter, as we continue to evaluate the impact of the new proposed capital rules recently released by our regulators. We continue to expect to see strong automobile loan originations, though one balance sheet growth will be muted, due to the expectation of completing occasional securitizations. Growth in low- and no-cost deposits remains our focus. Growth in overall total deposits, however, is expected to be slightly less than growth in total loans. Noninterest income is expected to show modest growth from this quarter's level when you exclude any gains from auto securitizations and any net impact from the MSR. This modest growth, we expect, will be driven by increased cross-sell success, both in key activities related to customer growth, as well as increased contribution from our capital markets activities, treasury management and brokerage business. For 2012, we continue to anticipate positive operating leverage and modest improvement in our expense efficiency ratio. This will likely reflect more the benefit of revenue growth, as expenses could increase slightly. While we continue to focus on improving expense efficiencies at the company, we anticipate additional regulatory costs and expenses associated with strategic actions. With credit front, we expect to see continued improvement, albeit at a slower pace than we've seen in the last several quarters. There could be some quarterly volatility given the uncertain and uneven nature of the economic recovery. The level of provision expense, as mentioned earlier, is at the low end of our long-term expectations. As we've done over the last 2 years, our focus is on continuing to execute our core strategy, make selective investments in initiatives to grow long-term profitability. We are pleased with our financial performance over the last quarter even as we added -- with the added work of converting the integrated Fidelity Bank in less than 90 days. We remain disciplined in our growth. In pricing of loans and deposits, there's still some leverage there as we continue to fight for every basis point. Our Fair Play, coupled with OCR, is proving to be absolutely the right strategy and market positioning for us. We continue to believe 2012 will be another year of marked progress in positioning Huntington for better sustained long-term profitability and growth. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. Operator, well now take questions. [Operator Instructions]
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erika Penala.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question was just some clarification on the expense guidance. So you mentioned that there's a chance that it could pick up slightly from here. Now if I add back the gain on the early extinguishment of debt this quarter, that takes me to about 4.46, 4.45. Is that what you're talking about in terms of additional uptick? Or is that the base upon which there could be additional uptick in the second half of the year?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, Erika, this is Don, and I would say that the base as far as our current expense level, that we would be looking for reductions absent the initiatives. And those initiatives include the branch rollout, not only for Giant Eagle, but also for our new relationship with the Meijer organization up in Michigan. And so as a result of those, along with some additional regulatory costs, we would expect to see a slight increase in expenses. Keep in mind, too, that the Fidelity acquisition wasn't in a full expense complement for the second quarter. We do expect to see some cost savings and the fact that we've had some conversion-related expenses associated with that as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just question on reserve releases. You've been -- should you -- will we be looking for the roughly $40 million, $50 million per quarter reserve releases going forward? You do have enough reserves, but I was just wondering how to model that going forward?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Well, as we've mentioned, we're probably -- this is Dan, we're probably at the low end of our provision expense, and we do expect continued modest improvement in charge-offs. So I think that probably answers your question.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. As a follow-up, just on the credit side, are you seeing any material slowdown? There was a couple of banks over the last 2 days that said that Ohio is one of the most price competitive markets in the country. I just wonder if you can add some color on that, Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: We're not seeing a slowdown, Paul, impact in credit at this point. I think there is a slow down in economic investment and related activity. I believe there's already an impact coming from a combination of factors including -- especially the fiscal cliff being topical at this point and an increasing concern or lack of confidence caused by that.
Donald R. Kimble: And, Paul, this is Don. I could follow up with a point there as well. As far as competitive nature of the pricing, we really focus on relationship pricing, and we believe we've been able to maintain our spreads in the commercial side even though others may be -- characterize Ohio, and some of our markets are being very competitive. And I guess I would just -- I like to highlight there that as far as our commercial loan yields, they're only down 2 basis points linked quarter, and that happens to be the impact of the LIBOR rates being down on average about 2 basis points as well.
Stephen D. Steinour: Then finally, Paul, of the 6 states we do business in, pricing really doesn't vary state-to-state.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask you, Don, about the Basel III adjustment, the 150 basis points. Can you give us some color on where specifically within the portfolio you're seeing most of the RWA step up?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, good question. We're seeing RWA step up on the residential real estate side and on the off-balance sheet exposure. For the most part, home equity is fairly a net wash given the impact of the first loan position that we have for a lot of our home equity loans.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And there are nothing in the numerator?
Donald R. Kimble: Numerator impact is primarily OCI-related with the mark-to-market portfolio and pension.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: All right. So that was expected. So 8-6 is still a really strong place to be, but the number is probably a little bit lower than people had anticipated. Does that at all change your view about how you think about stress test magnitude of what you'd ask for your next year as far as dividends and buybacks and, in addition, acquisition opportunities? Has anything changed with regards to how you're thinking about capital, utility and management?
Donald R. Kimble: Great question, Ken. And you're right, we were surprised by some of the proposal here as well. Keep in mind that it is a proposal that we plan to participate with others in responding to the Fed's proposal. As a result of this, we're going to have to take a look at a number of things. We'll have to take a look at our focus on certain products and our pricing associated with those products, if there truly is a change in the capital charge associated with those. I don't think we are far enough down the road as far as taking a look at what the impact would be for future capital plan recommendations or suggestions, but I do not believe it impacts our current plan or projections.
Stephen D. Steinour: But you heard from our comments that we're already starting to adjust. And when we know the final rules, we will adjust to minimize impact.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my -- just a follow-up question on credit. Some of the movements to non-accruals of some large commercial loans, can you tell us kind of like what the vintage of that, meaning, are those older loans? And have you seen anything in terms of some of the newer growth you put on start to migrate at all?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: They are older vintage. The 2 loans in particular were vintage of approximately 2006, 2007. And, no, we have not seen any of the newer originations, not seen any significant migration in those. Actually, our early stage migration is looking quite strong, which is one of the reasons that we're pretty confident in ongoing improvement in the credit quality metrics.
Operator: Your next question comes the line of Steven Alexopoulos.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: For my first question, I wanted to just drill into the comments on the competitive landscape a bit. It's remarkable how well the C&I and CRE loan yields are holding in here. Can you talk about the blended yield that you're adding new loans to the portfolio? And do you expect to see more pressure on those loan yields in the second half?
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, this is Don, and as far as the new loan yields, it still is around the LIBOR plus 300. And as far as the spreads going forward, it all depends on the credit outlook for those loans. We tend to focus much more on credit risk-adjusted spreads as opposed to just the absolute loan yield, and we would expect to continue to maintain those credit spreads as we would venture into continued improvement. In the credit quality for new underwriting, we could see some changes there. But that's a reflection of improved expected credit quality as opposed to tighter credit markets.
Steven A. Alexopoulos - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Yes. And therefore, my follow-up question, one of your midwestern competitors this morning put up higher provision expense citing commercial as part of the reason, are you seeing anything up there? I know your comments on the macro landscape sounded somewhat cautious. Anything that might put upward pressure on your provision level over the next few quarters, given that you did see an inflow into nonaccrual?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Well -- this is Dan, I don't think so. And we do really believe that this quarter was affected by a couple of disparate and unique events that happened to skew the numbers. Generally speaking, we expect the numbers to continue to improve. So I don't see anything in the landscape that would require any big movements there. We do have lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter, and it's our expectation that next quarter, we'll see those move down again.
Stephen D. Steinour: Over time, we're traditionally seeing second quarter to be a little more lumpy or volatile, just simply because of annual statements coming in and other things. So if you look back to June 11, second quarter, you would see the same thing in our portfolio, not a lot of change, but breaking the trend line.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: I would also comment that our results do include this year's niche actions, which for us, were very modest. But usually, we don't have those reflected until the third quarter. This year, the results came in earlier, so we made those adjustments, but again, extremely modest in terms of changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just looking here on Slide 14, which you referenced earlier in your prepared remarks. What were the main drivers that allowed your auto rates to improve by actually a fairly wide margin while the industry is deteriorating?
Stephen D. Steinour: Nick, you want to take that?
Nicholas G. Stanutz: Sure, Craig. Now this is Nick Stanutz. We have, as you know, we have 1,000-point grid that we use around pricing. And we look weekly at approval rates, the funding rates, and it tells how competitive we are in certain grids at the end of the day. So we are very strategic in how we think about the pricing and where the opportunities are in the market. But we really, at the end of the day, are getting rewarded for being in this business. In the downturn of '09 and '10, with so many left this business, the dealers have come to value, not only our value proposition and our model, but the consistency that we have applied to the dealer and the dealer-centric view we have around this business. And that has really allowed us to be successful at putting the rate in the market that you see here.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I understand how you could've created value in the crisis when other -- when the cap is sort of pulled out of the market. But what I'd don't understand is what would actually allow the rate to go up sequentially from the first quarter? Is it certain geographies? Is it certain new auto manufactured dealers you've been working with? Anything specific?
Nicholas G. Stanutz: Well, when you think about the grid that we use as pricing point, if we take more volume at a certain pricing point over 1 quarter to the next, we'll have a change in that yield going upward, going down. So it's really very specific and very targeted, our focus about how we think about pricing from week-to-week. And what the market intelligence is telling us by, again, the approval rate of whether we book that loan or not at the end of the day.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes. One thing we keep in mind, too, is that we monitor not only the pricing, but also the aggregate credit outlook for each of these as well. And so we're seeing very consistent FICO scores, very consistent custom scores associated with the borrowers and very similar average maturity and collateral value levels as well. So as Nick said, it really depends more on individual sales within the grid and what type of volume we're picking up in each of those.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Steve, I guess, this is probably most appropriate for you. So I think youre a couple in -- a couple of years into the in-store strategy, and you guys have gone to some length to discuss the kind of the profile of that customer. But now that you're a couple of years into it and then you signed some additional agreements, I wonder if you can talk about how well you're transitioning the customer in terms of product use? There's always that stigma that in-stores are good for deposits, but tough for much else. Now that you're a couple of years into it, maybe if you could talk a little about the success you've had making sort of that customer look like a more traditional branch customer.
Stephen D. Steinour: Sure. Look, Scott, the convenience proposition of 7-day-a-week and extended hour provides a lot of elements to support consumers holistically. And so we've made good deposit progress, but we've always envisioned these as being full service. So they're oriented, they're geared to product education of our colleagues in the in-stores, is around -- and they're -- is around full menu. And their goals and objectives and their incentives are around full menu. So there's -- it's proving to be a good outlet for us for loans, as well as deposit products, and we're now at a point where we're looking at those -- that channel as one we can do more with small business, again, taking advantage of the extended hour and as well as investments. So it's been 21 months. We like what we see. Obviously, we're pleased with the results today, given the Meijer expansion, and frankly, looking forward to having a low-cost or a lower-cost distribution network as a consequence of how much in-store relative to total that we'll have competitively going forward.
Donald R. Kimble: And, Scott, this is Don. If I just could add onto that as well. We look at our cross-sell activity 90 days after the relationship has been initiated, and the cross-sell ratios we're seeing for that 90-day checkpoint are very consistent with what we're seeing in more of the full-service stores. So to Steve's point, we're very pleased with the fact that we're able to just show this is a sales engine force as well and not just a service provider.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: All right, that's perfect color. I appreciate that. And then, Don, while I have you, just really quickly -- and my apologies if I missed it, but have you guys given any additional color on the timing of a potential auto securitization and I think you just said second half, but...
Donald R. Kimble: We generally just say that we're looking about 2 a year, but that's all we've really said. We haven't provided any more commentary there. We did transfer roughly $1.250 billion or $1.3 billion held for sale at the end of the second quarter, just to give you some additional color there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Don, I wanted to follow up. Ken asked my question, but I want to follow up to your guidance on the capital from the NPR. The increase in the risk weighted assets, I assume that's tied to perhaps the auto securitizations that are off balance sheet. If that's the case, do you change your viewpoint on how you work that business going forward? Do you keep stuff on balance sheet more than securitizing and getting them off, if you're getting a capital hit any way?
Donald R. Kimble: That really isn't driving much of a change at all. The change is coming from unused lines of credit and also from the residential real estate and a little bit on the CRE side. But the auto book really isn't significantly impacted from this.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mac Pina.
Maclovio Pina - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: I understand that when you talk about losses in your CRE, we expected to see large swings. But this quarter in particular, I'm wondering if there's a particular story behind that increase in net charge-offs?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: There really isn't. These -- there were 2 charge-offs that made up a good portion of that. They were unrelated, both in terms of where they're located, the type of properties and the circumstances. So over time, we tend to look more at where things are trending because you can't have movement from quarter-to-quarter, and we still expect to see continued charge-off performance really across the board, but particularly within commercial real estate.
Donald R. Kimble: These were identified as potential problems before and we did have substantial reserves established even before coming into the quarter. So it's not like these were a complete surprise.
Maclovio Pina - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Yes. So -- and then the story is more about just naturally lumpiness and the size of the loans...
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes. And when you get down to the level -- last quarter, we only had $9 million of CRE charge-offs. So when you're dealing with numbers that are that small, a deal or 2 can move the numbers quite substantially.
Maclovio Pina - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Right. Right, okay. And also quickly on the credit side and kind of a follow-up on your provision expectation. Looking at it from another point of view, I understand it's under -- on your low side, but as a percentage of loans, not as a percentage of releases, going forward, is -- you're booking at around 40 basis points of loans. Can you remind us like what's your long-term expectation for that?
Stephen D. Steinour: Long-term expectation, I guess, I'll say it this way. The -- we're at about our kind of a low point for provision, we have not reached the -- our targeted charge-off level yet. We're targeting over the long-term, 35 to 55 basis points of charge-offs. And clearly, we're not there yet, but moving towards that number.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of David Long.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: The OCR model is still driving real nice customer acquisitions both in households and businesses. And when you look at the fees, we had real nice increase in the fees, both to service charges and capital markets fees and some other fees. So given the strong performance, have you seen any initiatives by your competitors to try to duplicate the strategy? And if not, why not?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: David, we have not seen strong competitive responses. There are some things that, at the product level, are being done by some institutions. As we said, when we launched 24-hour grace, we felt we had first mover advantage. We didn't expect that to be followed for several years, given overall pressures, which have only intensified and the impact of Durbin. So we are of the belief that we're not going to get a competitive response this year, direct competitive response, could be surprised of course. But thankfully, we've got a lot of momentum and positioning with the product, and we're going to be able to continue with that for the foreseeable future without a direct response. As you look at 2013, a lot of challenges coming from this flat yield curve, and you've seen a couple of regionals announced expense programs. And so very hard to compound the expense program with competitive responses that would strip into the revenue side of the equation.
Donald R. Kimble: David, if I could just also add that if you look to any of our competitors, they all talk about deepening relationship with their customers, and that's the primary area of focus. And I think that's critical, especially for anybody here in the Midwest, that they have to have deep relationships. And so, I don't think that from that perspective, our strategy is unique. We do have some unique products. I think what does differentiate us is our relentless focus on executing a sales management process. And whether you're talking about retail or business banking or auto or our commercial, we actively manage that on a daily basis, report on a weekly basis. And there is a lot of discipline and rigor around that process, and we think that's what's going to drive our differentiated performance and not just the products set. So that's something that's even harder to replicate because it requires a very consistent and ongoing effort, and just not aware of that existing in other places at the level of those here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just one more different question on the competitive environment. Steve, you talked about how parts of the Midwest are recovering faster than the broader U.S. You probably get tired of asking the pricing in the competitive environment question. But maybe you could give us a little bit of a high-level view of some of your submarkets, sub-geographic markets, in terms of which markets you are seeing the best growth and which markets are the most challenging, and I'm particularly interested in your thoughts on the Eastern Ohio, Western Pennsylvania region, and if there's any energy tailwinds that may show up eventually.
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, you can see the impact of what's going on in the energy side in Eastern Ohio, Western Pennsylvania already. I noted the office market in Pittsburgh being dramatically different than it has been for decades. There's certainly a Mahoning Valley, Youngstown-Warren, there's economic activity that we wouldn't have seen just a couple of years ago. And so, it's early. And I believe there will be more and maybe much economic impact, but it's already observable. In terms of the first part of your question for where we're growing the context of competition, Columbus is where our hometown -- the hometown bank here. So that's a meaningful advantage given the legacies that occurred here. And then we've done well in the number of other markets. I'd point out Cleveland where we went 7-day-a-week with retail banking a couple of years ago, a lot of investments we made in Eastern Michigan. And then certain markets, we've had a track record of doing well over time and they're continuing to perform.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just in general, Michigan, what -- you're obviously making a bigger bet there, but what kind of expectations do you have for the Lansing, Ann Arbor markets?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Well, we would expect to grow throughout Michigan and hope we'll be able to achieve that in Lansing and Ann Arbor. Those are new markets to us. We'll rationalize our Meijer distribution over time with further investments. Those -- Ann Arbor is a great market as is Lansing with the state capital and very large university. We intend to significantly invest in Michigan and to grow.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy.
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Steve, could you talk about the opportunities or desires for additional M&A transactions like Fidelity? And then also, could you talk about the acceptance and the rollout of some of your new products within the Fidelity franchise? And did we see any success with that in the most recent quarter?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, as you know, we've made investments in our capabilities, both on diligence and on acquisitions and integration conversion front. So we've staffed those areas, we've put people in place going back now several years. Their early on work was evident, getting an acquisition at quarter end and then converting and integrating inside 90 days, hitting the expected greater than 60% take out. So we like what we've created and in our abilities to execute. There -- this cycle has been a bit of an anomaly in terms of bank failures, I think, for at least for most of us. I'm not sure what that suggests for the future. It certainly isn't getting easier out there on one hand, but that doesn't necessarily mean failure as we've seen over the last couple of years. So where interest we started today, intending to grow the core at the rates, we're achieving or even better. We want to execute our OCR strategy even better and drive core revenue and profitability. If we can find some opportunities that are financially attractive to the shareholder, we'll pursue those. We look at a number of things. But we don't have -- if we don't see anything strategic, there's nothing compelling that we have to do in our footprint, and we're only interested in our footprint. Did that answer your question, Terry?
Terence J. McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Research Division: Then just one other question for Don. As I build out my model on the mortgage banking line in future years, making maybe the assumption that revenue comes down, could you just provide some color into the related expenses connected to mortgage, maybe in the first half of this year, while I'm able to take out the expenses as well, again going forward.
Donald R. Kimble: Yes, the incremental expense associated with mortgage volume tends to be around 40% of revenues as a general ballpark assumption.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters.
Todd Beekman: Thank you very much for your interest in Huntington. If you do have any follow-up questions, feel free to reach out to me, Todd Beekman, at (614) 480-3878. Thanks very much, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Todd Beekman - Director of Investor Relations Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Treasurer Daniel J. Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Mary W. Navarro - Senior Executive Vice President, Retail & Business Banking Director, Regional Banking Group President and Senior Executive Vice President of The Huntington National Bank Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank
Analysts: Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Matthew, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I'd like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bank First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Todd Beekman, you may begin your conference.
Todd Beekman: Thank you, Matthew, and welcome. I'm Todd Beekman, the Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides that we will be reviewing will be found on our website at www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as -- for rebroadcast starting about an hour after the call. Please call the Investor Relations department at (614) 480-5676 for more information on how to access this recording playback if you -- should you have difficulties. Slide 2. There's several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe it is helpful to understand Huntington's results of operations or financial performance. For the non-GAAP financial measures used, the comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure, can be found in the slide presentation, its appendix, the earnings press release, the quarterly financial review, the quarterly performance discussion, or the related 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 3. Today's discussion includes a Q&A period that may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumption available at this time and are subject to change, risk and uncertainty, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, refer to the slide and material found with the SEC, including our most recent 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now turning to today's presentation. As noted on Slide 4, participating today will be Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Don Kimble, our CFO; Dan Neumeyer, Chief Credit Officer; Mary Navarro, Head of Retail and Business Banking Director. Let's get started. Turning to Slide 5. Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Thanks Todd, and welcome, everyone. We're going to mix up the order a little bit today and I'll begin with a review of our first quarter performance highlights, and Dan will provide a review of credit. Mary will continue with an update on our in-store partnership with Giant Eagle. Steve will then provide you with an update of our OCR strategy, review of our Fidelity Bank acquisition and close with a discussion of our expectations for this year. Turning to Slide 6. We reported net income of $153.3 million or $0.17 per share. That's up 21% from a year ago and also from the fourth quarter. There were 2 significant items that impacted this quarter's results. First was an $11.4 million gain relating to our recently announced FDIC-assisted purchase of Fidelity Bank in Dearborn, Michigan. The other was a $23.5 million addition to our litigation reserves related to previously existing actions taken against us. Total revenues increased $58.6 million or 9% over the fourth quarter. Our non-interest income growth drove most of this improvement, up $56 million, reflecting the benefit of a $23 million gain from our first quarter auto securitization, the $11.4 million gain from our Fidelity Bank acquisition, and a $22.3 million increase in mortgage banking revenues. Fully taxable equivalent net interest income increased $2.6 million or 1%. For the quarter, our net interest margin increased by 2 basis points as we continue to lower our deposit and other funding cost. We also had a 5% annualized growth in average earning assets. This growth reflected the benefit of continued strong commercial loan growth, up 17% annualized from the fourth quarter. The auto securitization negatively impacted auto loan growth for the quarter, as we transferred the balances to loans held for sale at the end of last year. Average total core deposits were stable this quarter with the mix continuing its shift to lower-cost demand deposits. Total demand deposits increased $0.6 billion or 16% annualized. Non-interest expense increased $32.4 million as the quarter included the $23.5 million increase to our litigation reserves. Also, the prior quarter included a $9.7 million gain on the extinguishment of debt related to our TruPS exchange. Adjusted for these items, expenses were essentially flat. Turning to Slide 7. Our OCR methodology is continuing to drive success throughout the company. On the consumer side, we grew checking account households by an annualized 14.2% this past quarter. This represented an 11.7% growth rate since the first quarter of 2011. More importantly, our cross-sell performance also continued to improve. At the end of the quarter, 75.1% of our consumer checking account households have over 4 products or services. This compares with 70.5% a year ago, an almost 5 percentage-point improvement. We continue to drive similar success on the commercial side. Annualized growth in commercial relationships was 13.3% this quarter. Our cross-sell measures were also impressive. At the end of the quarter, 32.7% of our commercial relationships used 4 -- over 4 products and services, up from 25.4% a year ago or up over 7 percentage points. These cross-sell metrics continue to reinforce the message that our strategy of acquiring customers and deepening the relationships with those customers through additional sales of financial services is working. Turning to credit quality. Our metrics continued to improve as well. Non-accrual loans were up 14%. This reduction is after reflecting an $8.7 million addition to our home equity non-accrual loans resulting from the application of the new regulatory standards to our portfolio. Our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of non-accrual loans increased to 206%, which we believe will continue to compare favorably to our peers. Net charge-offs declined 1% on an annualized basis point of -- 85 basis points remained consistent with last quarter. Our capital position remains strong. Our tangible common equity ratio rose 3 basis points to 8.33%. Our regulatory capital ratio strengthened further with most improving by 10 to 15 basis points from the prior quarter. These ratios reflect the impact of the Fidelity Bank acquisition, which closed on March 30, but they do not reflect any of the capital actions included in our first quarter capital plan. Turning to Slide 8. Other highlights for the quarter included $400 million purchase of an equipment finance portfolio, which closed in March, allowing us to leverage our equipment finance team expertise. We continue to reposition our branch network, completing a consolidation of 29 of our full service branches in March, providing some efficiency improvements to help fund our investments and strategic initiatives, including our in-store expansion where we added 14 new locations in the first quarter. We also were, again, recognized for outstanding customer service with the APECS 2011 Top Advocacy Award for Customer Service in our region. Huntington had the highest net-advocacy rating for customer service for 3 years in a row. Slide 9 provides the summary of our quarterly earnings trends. Many of the performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation. Turning to Slide 10. We show the summary of -- a summary income statement. We've also adjusted the revenues and expenses for the impact of significant items. On this adjusted basis, revenues were up 8% over the prior year with expenses up 6%. This 2% positive operating leverage is critical for our long-term success and reflects our early-stage results for many of the strategic initiatives we have started over the last several years. Slide 11 depicts the trends in our net interest income and margin. During the first quarter, our fully taxable equivalent net interest income increased by $2.6 million, reflecting the benefit of a $0.6 billion increase to our average earning assets and a 2 basis-point increase to our net interest margin to 3.40%. The increase in net interest margin reflected the impact of the following: 7 basis-point increase related to the reduction in deposit rates and the improvement in the deposit mix, and this was offset by a 4 basis-point reduction related to the impact of the extended low-rate environment on loan yields. Slide 12 shows the trends on our loan and lease portfolio. Average total loans and leases decreased $0.4 billion or 1%, which is 4% annualized from the fourth quarter and primarily reflected a $1.1 billion or 19% decline in average automobile loans. Decline from the fourth quarter average balances reflected the December 31 reclassification of a $1.3 billion of auto loans that held for sale. Originations remained strong in the quarter, with over $950 million of loans booked this past quarter. This decline in average automobile loans was partially offset by a $0.6 billion or 4%, which is 17% annualized growth in average commercial and industrial loans, reflecting increased activity from multiple business lines, including equipment finance, large corporate and dealer services. C&I utilization rates were down slightly from the prior quarter due to an increase in unfunded loan commitments. Very little benefit was recognized from either the Fidelity Bank acquisition or the equipment finance portfolio purchase due to timing in the current quarter. Continuing onto Slide 13. We've shown continued improvement in our deposit mix over the last 5 quarters as we've increased the non-interest bearing DDA balances from -- to 26% from 18% of total average deposits. The improved deposit mix reflects the success of a fair banking -- Fair Play banking on growing consumer DDA and our treasury management OCR focus on growing commercial demand deposits. Turning to Slide 14. We show a stable level of total average core deposits. This reflected a $0.6 billion increase in total demand deposits offset by declines in money market deposits of $0.5 billion and core CDs of $0.3 billion. The demand deposit growth reflected strong growth in consumer households, which again increased an annualized 14% pace, and similar growth in our commercial relationships of an annualized 13%. As mentioned last quarter, about $1 billion of our commercial balances reflect temporary deposits, which are expected to decline over the next couple of quarters. Slide 15 shows the trends in our non-interest income, which increased $56 million or 24% from the prior quarter. The increase reflected the $23.9 million of higher gains on loan sales as the current quarter included $23 million of gain associated with our automobile loan securitization. We expect to have about 2 securitizations a year going forward. This quarter also showed a $22.3 million increase in mortgage banking income driven by a $10 million increase in origination and secondary marketing income, as well as a net improvement of about $12 million in our MSR hedging activity, as the current quarter included a gain of $7.7 million compared with a $4 million MSR loss last quarter. Other income included an $11.4 million gain related to the Fidelity Bank acquisition. This was offset by a $7.2 million decline in mezzanine investment gains. The next slide summarizes expense trends. Non-interest expense increased $32.4 million or 8%. Again, this included the impact of the $23.5 million increase in our litigation reserves, previously existing actions recorded in the other non-interest expense. In addition, it reflects the prior quarter's benefits of the $9.7 million gain on the early extinguishment of debt related to our trust preferred securities. Other areas to note include a $15.4 million increase in personnel costs, as this quarter reflected a $9 million increase in benefit expense, primarily seasonal payroll tax-related, and a $6 million increase in performance-based incentives. It also reflected an $11.4 million reduction outside data processing and other services. This is primarily due to the prior quarter costs associated with the conversion to a new debit card processor. Slide 17 reflects the trends in our capital position. These are all as of end-of-period balances and reflect the addition of over $700 million of assets from the Fidelity Bank acquisition. Tangible common equity ratio increased to 8.33%, up from 8.3% the prior quarter. The Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased to 10.15%, up from 10% the previous quarter. We believe this increase is noteworthy during a quarter when we grew risk-weighted assets by nearly $1 billion. With that, let me turn the presentation over to Dan Neumeyer to review the credit trends. Dan?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Don. Slide 18 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. The first quarter continued to show good overall improvement in our credit quality metrics. Net charge-offs fell by $1 million, and net charge-off ratio remained flat at 85 basis points reflecting slightly lower average loans, particularly due to the March automobile securitization. We do expect the positive trend in charge-offs for the balance of the year, although the pace of improvement will likely remain more modest as we move closer to normalized charge-off levels. Loans, 90-plus days delinquent and accruing were down in the quarter, falling to 15 basis points. This is an improvement from the prior quarter and also an improvement over the prior year. We continue to have no commercial delinquencies in the 90-day plus category. The non-accrual loan ratio fell noticeably to 1.15% from 1.39%. This was the largest quarterly reduction in the non-accrual loan ratio in over a year. The Criticized asset ratio also showed a meaningful reduction in the quarter falling to 5.8% from 6.53%. The allowance for loan loss, loan and lease lost, and the ACL-to-loans ratios fell to 2.24% and 2.37% from 2.48% and 2.60%, respectively, due to the asset quality improvement. However, the ACL to NAL ratio increased from 187% in the prior quarter to 206%, even with the addition of $8.7 million of performing secondly in home equity loans that are sitting behind delinquent first mortgage as we implemented the new regulatory guidance that was issued earlier this quarter. Slide 19 shows the trends in our non-accrual loans. The charts on the left demonstrate the continued reduction in the level and percentage of our non-accrual loans. The 14% reduction in the first quarter was the largest percentage reduction experienced in the last year. As shown on the charts on the right, during the quarter, we also experienced the lowest level of new inflows that we have seen in several years. The performance of the commercial book was very strong. We did see a modest increase in consumer non-accruals, due in large part to the addition of $8.7 million of the home equity non-accrual loans due to the new regulatory guidance just mentioned. As we reach a more normalized level of nonperformers, the change between quarters may have some level of variability, although we expect the overall trend to remain positive. Slide 20 provides a reconciliation of our non-performing asset flows. NPAs fell by 11% in the quarter, compared to a 4% reduction in the prior quarter. Inflows were down 29% from the prior quarter and was the primary driver of the overall decline. Turning to Slide 21. We provide a similar flow analysis of commercial Criticized loans. Inflow of new Criticized loans was 28% lower in the first quarter compared to the fourth, and was the primary contributor to the 8% reduction in Criticized loans for the quarter. Upgrades to Pass were steady for the quarter, while paydowns were somewhat lower. Moving to Slide 22. Commercial loan delinquencies were up modestly from the prior quarter, although they remain very well controlled and within expectations for current and future periods. We continue to have no 90-day plus commercial delinquencies, and as a result of our early identification and treatment of problem loans. Slide 23 outlines consumer loan delinquencies, which were down modestly in the quarter in both the 30- and 90-day categories. This is consistent with typical seasonal patterns. Year-over-year performance was flat in the 30-day category and showed modest declines in the 90-day segment. The black line on the left side of the slide excludes government guaranteed loans and shows an improvement in the 30-plus day category to 1.87% from 2.06% in the prior quarter. Auto and home equity both showed improvement in the quarter, while residential delinquencies were up slightly. On the right, the 90-day plus delinquencies fell to 32 basis points from 40 basis points in the prior quarter. In the 90-day category, all consumer segments saw improvement in the quarter. Reviewing Slide 24. The loan loss provision of 34.4 was lower than the prior quarter and was less than charge-offs by $48.6 million. The ratio of ACL to NALs improved to 206%. The ACL to loans declined to 2.37% compared to 2.6% last quarter, although we believe this is to be a very solid ratio, given the continued improvement in the risk profile of the portfolio. Overall, despite the continued challenges presented by the economic environment, we remain pleased with the direction of credit quality across the portfolio and expect continued improvement throughout 2012. Let me now turn the presentation over to Mary Navarro to provide an update on our in-store channels. Mary?
Mary W. Navarro: Thank you, Dan. Turning to Slide 25. Now that we're 18 months into our partnership with Giant Eagle, we wanted to provide you an update on the progress we've made and the great results we're seeing. We signed a 15-year agreement with Giant Eagle, one of the largest grocers in Ohio. Giant Eagle has significant market share in most of the state. We wanted to have full service branches in grocery stores because convenience is very important to customers, both consumers and small businesses. As you can see from Slide 25, adding 104 in-store branches significantly improved our branch market share in many markets. In fact, when we complete 2012, we'll have more branches in Ohio than any other bank. Again, making it more convenient for our customers. When the buildout is complete, we'll have almost 500 branches across the state with a population of nearly 12 million. Turning to Slide 26. The grocery store branch is a very efficient point of distribution. The average Giant Eagle store has 5x to 6x more customer visits per week than a traditional branch. Most customers are usually there more than 2x per week. When you look at Giant Eagle's customer demographics, they're very attractive. The income, network, homeownership and college degree percentages are all higher than our overall customer base and a stand-out when compared with Ohio -- the Ohio average. Giant Eagle's customer base is a great fit for us, and we're acquiring them at a fast clip. 10% of our new customer households have come from our 40 Giant Eagle branches, which is less than 6% of our total branch count. This is happening because our colleagues are out in the grocery store aisles helping customers find what they need in the store. They're also using an iPad to download coupons to the customers of Giant Eagle's foodperks! account, so that when they check out, they actually get the advantage of those coupons right there that day. They also can be seen occasionally bagging groceries. They're really looked at as the friendly banker. The transactions have also ramped up in these branches and faster than a new -- traditional branch, proving out the fact that customers appreciate the added convenience. The cost to build an in-store branch is 1/8 of a traditional branch. Plus, there is less ongoing overhead. We have 3 branches that have been open 18 months, and they're all very close to breaking even and are on track to meet our 24-month goal. As customers continue to use more and different technologies to do their banking, fewer customers will use the branches for transactions. We think the full-service bank branch inside a grocery store will be a convenient alternative for new product purchases like mortgage, investments or insurance. We're doing this very differently than other banks. We have a different type of colleague. They're all universal bankers that do more than just take deposits. We have also full-service branches, and the bankers working there are gold like the colleagues at a traditional bank. The focus is on acquiring new customers and building deep relationships. We're also open more hours, 7 days a week, totaling 75 hours. We're very excited about the results so far and are thrilled to have Giant Eagle as our in-store partner, not only because they have a great customer base but because we're able to work together to come up with new ways to grow both of our customer bases. Now, let me turn it back to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you, Mary. Turning to Slide 27. As mentioned in Don's opening comments, our Fair Play banking philosophy, coupled with our Optimal Customer Relationship, we call it OCR, it's clearly driving accelerated new customer growth and product penetration. This slide recaps the continued strong upward trend in consumer checking account households. In the first quarter, consumer checking account household growth accelerated 14.2% and has grown by 11.7% from a year ago. Importantly, 75% of total households use over 4 products or services, a significant improvement from 73.5% at the end of last year. For the first quarter, related revenue was $237 million, up 2.6% from the fourth quarter of 2011. However, it was $12 million lower than a year ago, due mainly to the impact of the Durbin Amendment's mandated reduction of debit card interchange fees. While notably, related revenue was up $8 million since the first quarter of 2010, which is pre-Reg E and pre-Durbin. We continue to analyze potential opportunities to expand the product offering, and most recently began developing our own credit card product, which we plan to roll out in 2013. Slides 36 and 37 in the appendix provide additional details of consumer quarterly OCR trends. We're seeing similar trends in our commercial relationships as shown on Slide 28. Commercial relationship growth was also strong and also accelerating. After growing just over 8% in 2011, commercial relationships in the first quarter grew at an annualized rate of 13.3% and are up nearly 10% from a year ago. At the end of fourth quarter, 32.7% of our commercial relationships utilized 4 or more products or services, up from 25.4% a year ago. Related revenue, while experiencing its usual seasonal first quarter decline, increased $12 million or 8% at this time last year, and by over $30 million since the first quarter of 2010. Slides 38 and 39 in the appendix provide additional details. On Slide 29, as we announced on March 30, we acquired Fidelity Bank in Dearborn, Michigan through an FDIC-assisted transaction. As we've told you for several years, we're looking for acquisition targets. They're between $500 million and $2.5 billion in size in our footprint, which are financially attractive. Fidelity definitely fits these criteria. We acquired approximately $800 million in assets and assumed a similar amount in liabilities. After performing due diligence on more than half the loan portfolio, we bid $150 million asset discount that eventually led to the $11.4 million bargain purchase gain that Don described earlier. This is a strong franchise with 15 branches that are north and west of Detroit and stretch to Ann Arbor. We have some overlap and plan on consolidating 6 branches out in the combined network. Importantly, the acquisition is a nice, little tuck-in deal that will add more than 18,000 Fidelity customers to our platform, where we can provide a broader range of products, and some of the highest-rated customer service in the industry. This acquisition, coupled with the recent CapPR result, provides a good opportunity for us to review our longer-term capital priorities. Those priorities coincidentally align with the timeline of the last 2 years. After ensuring appropriate capital and risk levels, rallying the core business is our top priority. Over the last 2 years, Huntington has invested in people, products and services required to become a top quartile-performing bank. We analyze those investments monthly to our goals, and are nimble enough to be able to quickly reallocate resources. We can clearly see the benefits of those investments to the growth of our customer relationships. Since the first quarter 2010, we've added nearly 200,000 consumer checking households and over 20,000 commercial relationships. Much of the groundwork of those investments is behind us. But there are still some pieces, like the completion of the Giant Eagle in-store buildout, to be completed. Our next capital priority is dividend. During the middle of last year, the board raised the dividend from $0.01 per share per quarter to $0.04, and we announced the target payout range of 20% to 30% of net income available to common shareholders. We will continue to evaluate the dividend and have a view that the regulators, with their comments on increased scrutiny, have placed a cap on the dividend payout ratios of most banks at around 30%. As we announced in mid-March, the Federal Reserve had no objection to our proposed capital actions, which included the potential repurchase of up to $182 million of common stock. As a result, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program consistent with that capital plan. Like the other aspects of our approach to capital management, we will be disciplined in this activity and see a direct relationship between the price of our stock and the number of shares we may repurchase during any given quarter. The next capital priority is to use it for other strategic actions and we're defining strategic actions very broadly, and that would include possibly acquisitions, portfolio purchases or remixing our liabilities. Disciplined management of capital to improve long-term shareholder risk-adjusted returns is of paramount importance. Hopefully you all can see the clear progression we've made over the last several years, and know that Huntington's management with their requirements to hold 50% of their net stock awards to retirement is standing right alongside us long-term shareholders. Turning to Slide 30. Over the course of the last 6 months, investors have been asking about our view that the Midwest is recovering faster than the rest of the country. We believe that there's strong evidence the Midwest is turning from the rust belt, historically, to a recovery belt, with that being led by a growth in manufacturing, education, medical and natural resource investments. According to the March Philadelphia Fed Coincident, in economic activity index, our footprint states are predicted to grow faster than the country as a whole, and the recovery in unemployment is leading the nation in some states. For example, in February, Ohio's unemployment rate dropped to 7.6%, Pennsylvania to the same number, Indiana to 8.4. Michigan is now back to levels not seen since 2008, at under 9%. Manufacturing generally is strong or at least returning. For example, auto companies are predicted to increase production over 14 million units in 2012, up from 10 million units just a few years ago. Several major manufacturers have opened or expanded new plants, investing hundreds of millions of dollars in Midwest-based facilities. The natural resources boom from the Utica and Marcellus Shale covers half the states in our footprint, and the multiplier effect of the E&P exploration and production investment is clearly evident. It's in the commercial real estate and the growth in jobs relating to steel, construction and broader chemical industrial complexes. With the investments we have been making since 2009, our OCR sales process and focus, we are clearly capitalizing the benefits of this recovery as evidenced by improving credit quality, growth in SBA loans and 8 consecutive quarters with commercial loan growth. Midwest is an exciting place to be and Huntington is right in the middle in capturing the disproportionate benefit from this recovery. Slide 31 is our last slide and recaps our expectations for 2012. With regard to the economic environment, some of the encouraging signs seen late last year continue to build throughout the quarter. While our footprint states are clearly benefiting from this recovery, the U.S. and global economies continue to experience elevated levels of volatility and uncertainty. This requires that we remain cautious. With regard to net interest income, we anticipate modest growth. The momentum we are seeing in total loan growth, excluding any future impacts of additional auto securitizations, is expected to continue, as is growth in low cost deposits. Although benefit from this growth is expected to be mostly offset by net interest margin pressure. C&I loans are expected to show meaningful growth, reflecting the benefits of our strategic initiatives to expand our business and commercial lending expertise through related verticals like health care, asset-based lending and equipment finance. Commercial real estate loans are expected to decline from current levels but at a slowing pace, than that which we have seen over the last several years as we begin to approach a level that is more in line with our overall aggregate, moderate-to-low risk profile and concentration limits. Residential mortgages and home equity loan growth is expected to remain modest. We continue to expect to see strong automobile loan originations. About one balance sheet growth will be muted due to the expectation of completing the occasional securitizations. Growth in low- and no-cost deposits remains our focus. Growth in overall total deposits, however, is expected to be slightly less than growth in total loans. Fee income is expected to show modest growth from the first quarter level, and we excluded the bargain purchase gain, auto securitization and any net impact from the MSR. This modest growth, we expect, will be driven by increased cost cross-sell success, growth in key activities related to customer growth, as well as increased contribution from our capital markets activities, treasury management and brokerage business. For the full year, we anticipate positive operating leverage and modest improvement in our expense efficiency ratio. This will likely reflect the benefit of revenue growth as expenses could increase slightly. While we continue -- we'll continue our focus on improving expense efficiencies throughout the company, additional regulatory costs and expenses associated with strategic actions, including the planned opening of over 40 in-store branches, along with the integration of Fidelity Bank, may offset any efficiency improvements. On the credit front, we expect to see a continued improvement. The level of provision expense, as mentioned earlier, is at the low end of our long-term expectations. And there could be some quarterly volatility, given the uncertainty and uneven nature of the economic recovery. As we have done over for the last 2 years, our focus is on continuing to execute our core strategy, to make selective investments and initiatives to grow long-term profitability. We will remain disciplined in our growth and pricing of loans and deposits. There is still some leverage there. Our Fair Play banking, coupled with OCR, is proving to be absolutely the right strategy and market positioning for us. We will remain focused on improving cross sell. We believe 2012 will be another year of marked progress in positioning Huntington for better, sustained, long-term earnings growth and profitability. Thank you for your interests. Operator, we will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question relates to 2 loan categories that everybody in the industry has talked about as very competitive, commercial C&I and auto, where your yields were respectively flat to up 7 basis points. Could you give us a little bit more color on how -- the reasons why the yields held in -- held so much this quarter, and relative to your margin guidance, what your expectations are for a future potential pressure?
Donald R. Kimble: Good question, Erika. This is Don. I'll take the first crack and at the end of the comment, additionally on the commercial. But as far as the auto, the reason for the increase in their link quarter really reflects the impact of taking some of the more recent production originations and transferring them into held for sale or at the end of the fourth quarter. And so those were a lower-yielding loan compared to the portfolio in the aggregate. Now that being said, we were very pleased with our production in the current quarters, that originations, as I said, were in excess of $950 million. Spreads were still in that 2 to 2.25 spread and adjusted range that we had targeted before, and they were actually up slightly from the previous quarter. And so we've been pleased with our ability to continue to maintain the appropriate yields on that portfolio and have a good success in originating volumes with those levels. On the commercial loan side, you're right, that the market is very competitive, especially if you look at the upper middle market and large corporate books. We are seeing more pressure downstream as well, that our guidance prospectively says that our margin should be relatively stable, having some slight pressure because of lower interest rates, but it's also given the expectation that we are going to continue to see some pressure on commercial loan yields. Dan, any other thoughts on that?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: No. I mean, I concur with those comments. We are -- obviously, it is -- C&I side is quite competitive. I think everybody's feeling that pressure. I think we've worked hard to maintain those margins. We'll continue to see some pressure going forward, but we're pretty pleased with what we're able to maintain at the present time.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, and the second question, before I move back into the queue. Your guidance on the expense side for modest growth, does that exclude the litigation -- the addition to the litigation reserve that you booked this quarter? And that, are the actual run rate that we should be growing from would be closer to $439 million on a quarterly basis?
Donald R. Kimble: You're absolutely right, Erika, and it would reflect impact of the Fidelity acquisition and other initiatives that we have. That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran from Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess, a follow-up on the auto. The cumulative loss expectations, back in the appendix, are going up. Is there -- I guess, what's driving the higher cumulative loss expectations, fully recognizing that they're still at pretty low levels?
Donald R. Kimble: We would consider those very low levels. I think for the past quarter, they're up a little bit because of the mix of used versus new. And as I mentioned, we were actually seeing a slight increase in the credit adjusted spreads during the past quarter, and that's reflective of a little bit higher loss expectation. But we haven't changed our underwriting standards. Again, very pleased with the overall credit outlook. And so, that's more of an indication of why we're seeing higher loss rate. You'll see a slight tick down in average FICO scores there, too, but not meaningful.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then just kind of, as we think about overall level of gain on sale that we should kind of expect over time, the $23 million versus the $1.3 billion of securitizations, do you have any historical context? I mean, is that kind of 1.7%, 1.8% gain on sale rate? I recognize in the short term, it will fluctuate based on auto rates and to your swap spreads, but is that a normal level of gain on sale, or are we historically high right now? Or where would you peg it?
Donald R. Kimble: That's a good question. I wish we had a crystal ball to more accurately predict that, but that our third quarter securitization last year was at a 1.5% gain. Now, we're at $50 million a gain on a $1 billion securitization. This quarter was helped because it was a publicly registered transaction as opposed to a private transaction in the third quarter of last year. So we hope that with our continued familiarity in the market as far as our asset quality and the performance for underlying indirect auto loans in those securitizations, we'll be able to maintain appropriate spreads and pricing, but I don't want to put guarantees out there as far as any market condition changes. But that's a reasonable expectation based on what we're seeing right now.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And the last one I had was just competitive environment in Ohio. Some of your competitors, I guess, have highlighted it as particularly bad on the commercial lending side. How would you kind of see the competitive environment in Ohio?
Stephen D. Steinour: I don't know that I would consider it any more competitive than -- we're only in the Midwest, so I think we generally feel like the competitive environment is fairly consistent across that footprint, and I think now, folks are realizing that with the recovery, it's a good place to be. So I would expect that will continue, but I wouldn't say that we feel it's really that much more competitive than what we've been seeing. We feel that we've been seeing that for the last couple of years.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: A couple of unrelated questions. Just first, to follow up on the comment about rolling out a credit card sometime next year. I guess first, is there a current Huntington-branded credit card that somebody else owns in services that you might be able to take back or purchase?
Stephen D. Steinour: There is a credit card that is branded Huntington. We will not be taking it back, however, Matt.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So I assume your relationship with that provider ends this year, which is why you can get it next year?
Stephen D. Steinour: That's correct.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then just any thoughts on, like the target customer base and how quickly you can grow that and how many you can likely, over time?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, this is intended to be a customer-focused offering. And we would expect it to at least get to industry norms with that product.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. And any idea what that means in terms of outstanding, if you had a penetration of, I guess, maybe 20%, 25% which is what some others have?
Stephen D. Steinour: I don't think we've provided any direction on that at this point. It's so far out, Matt.
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. No, it sounds interesting, though. And then just separately, you've rolled out some of these or a number of the in-store branches. You consolidated some of the traditional branches, which obviously will save you some money. Or is there opportunity as you look out the next couple of years to consolidate more traditional branches?
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes, and it's something we look at and we think about as any good retailer would. How can you become more efficient with your distribution?
Matthew D. O'Connor - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: All right. Care to share any numbers or not at this point?
Stephen D. Steinour: Not at this point, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: First, just on your near-term strategy in terms of the size of the securities portfolio. We grew a lot in the first quarter. Before that it was declining. I'm just wondering, kind of, what your plans are here. What's driving it? And also, what type of securities have you been adding in terms of duration and also type?
Donald R. Kimble: Craig, this is Don. As far as the securities portfolio, some of that was really related to the timing of the securitization transaction, the build up there, that we would expect our period end balances that we're showing in securities portfolio that migrate more back toward the average position as far as the balances. The duration of our portfolio actually dropped a little bit from the fourth quarter, at end of 3.2 years to the first quarter of 3.1 years. And so, we've been continuing to purchase more of our agency-backed CMOs and other similar structures to what we've had in the past, and so we really haven't changed the mix significantly from the previous quarters.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then, when you think about credit quality, generally in the indirect auto business, it seems like it's really benefited from really a robust, kind of, used car market. But if trends do reverse, do you think there's any risk? And this is broadly for the industry of any rep and warranty issues in this market?
Donald R. Kimble: As far as rep and warranties, I don't know that I see used similar to what you would have seen in mortgage that as far as our sales for the securitizations, we really don't have the same type of exposure from a put-back risk perspective there. As far as the expected losses that will model out and also the rating agencies model out in connection with the securitization transactions, don't assume that we'll continue to have the benefit of the stronger used car prices. And so the cume losses that you'll see in the back slides do not reflect the current robust used car prices, and show more of a normalized level. So our expectation is that should not have a significant change to our outlook from that perspective.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And in terms of risk management there, what kind of oversight do you have to make sure dealers aren't filling in the paperworks, saying that, this individual is a teacher or a doctor, and that they're not unemployed. I wondered, kind of, how do you oversee that risk?
Donald R. Kimble: As far as that the risk that we've been in the business for 50 years and we've got very good relationships with our dealers and really take the dealerships that we can have an ongoing trust-based relationship with them. And so, that's really where that confidence starts with, is our client selection and our partnership with those dealerships. Beyond that, we've developed internal score cards that are using historic information that we've been able to accumulate that are helpful for more predictive models. Dan, any other...
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, what I would just say, if there were any kind of trends developing, that would be picked up very quickly because it would start to show up in the credit reports, in the customer scores, et cetera. So not that something like that couldn't ever happen, but I think that our controls would catch it very early on. And obviously, we've not had any experience like that in our long history.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Don, I just wanted to ask you a question about the operating leverage. As you guys are talking about, we'll see it better in the second half of the year, and I'm just wondering if you can help us think about when the jaws really start to occur. And any type of magnitude that you think you're going to be able to deliver, whether it's in terms of a growth gap between percent revenue growth and percent expense growth, or helping us kind of understand at least a point in time at which we really start to see that wedge start to increase?
Donald R. Kimble: Ken, good question. And as far as the operating leverage, we came into this year with all the headwinds we are facing between Durbin and the low interest-rate environment, that if we could have revenues slightly exceed our expense growth given the initiatives that we have in place, that we would have been very pleased. I think the 2% year-over-year -- first quarter-over-first quarter kind of positive operating leverage, is a very good operating leverage for us, and what we hope to see it continuing and showing growth that exceeds the -- a growth in revenues exceed the growth in expenses, and I wouldn't expect it to widen dramatically from there at this point in time.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I would just think that with your continued comments about starting the season, some of the investments that are starting to show that it would actually -- it would naturally improve and widen over time. What would prevent that from happening? Would it just be continuing to reinvest some of it and just kind of managing to it? Or something else that we wouldn't necessarily be able to just see in the operating environment.
Donald R. Kimble: Well, that we will continue to see benefits from the reinvestments. The challenge, I think, that we'll see as far as continued revenue growth at this pace, is that the first quarter did include the securitization transactions, which we'll have twice a year, and it did include much stronger mortgage revenues, including the MSR gain. And I wouldn't want to assume that we're going to have an $8 million link quarter MSR gain every quarter after quarter. And so, those are some of the things that are more cautionary as far as the expansion of that operating leverage.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. And my second question is just one -- two small things on credit. Just, you guys mentioned that the provision has kind of gone down to the low end of your range, but obviously we see continued improvement in most of the metrics. I wanted to ask you about two in specific, and we did see a bit of a C&I bump-up, and I know the commentary was that it was made up of smaller credits. I was wondering if you could kind of comment on whether we're seeing some type of seasoning in C&I? And then secondly, the residential mortgage MPs have gone up for several quarters in a row, and I know you've talked about values and such, but any color in terms of -- should that start to improve, given that what we've seen in the unemployment side?
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes, so I guess taking the -- your comment on commercial first. On Page 88, if you look at what the charge-off trends have been over the last year, commercial as a category, actually has been on a -- kind of a nice, steady downward projection. C&I, just last quarter, was up but it was at abnormally low levels the past quarter. So we are going to see some variability from quarter-to-quarter just based on the specific mix of credit. So I don't see any trends there, I think the overall trend will continue to be positive. On residential, that's obviously a continued area of stress, but yes, it goes along with unemployment and home prices. And so we hope to see some stabilization there with the improvement, but that's been one of the stubborn areas that we're working on.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Steve, just one for you on M&A. I know you talked about broad thoughts about size but obviously, you guys just did an FDIC deal. Can you just talk to us about what you guys would be considering or looking at from a broad perspective of what may be less in FDIC land versus regular weight deals, and what's happening as far as the conversation levels about potential sellers out there in the marketplace?
Donald R. Kimble: Well, the FDIC -- the level of FDIC activity, frankly, has been a lot lower than we would have estimated. And it makes, via through the cycle, substantially lower numbers than many would have thought. So I don't think they're at the absolute end of the line in terms of resolutions, but it's not clear that there's any significant additional level of activity in our footprint, and we're only interested in our footprint. There is some level of conversation occurring in a more traditional sense. And it's a little more active at the moment than it might have been the last couple of years, but there is still a wide gulf in terms of value. And I don't think activity necessarily picks up in 2012.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So you're obviously seeing very, very good growth in C&I, given the resurgence in the Midwest. I guess, my question though, is when the broader economy does start to pick up, is it fair to assume that the Midwest could benefit even more than it is now? Or is the growth right now as good as it potentially could get given a broader economic recovery?
Stephen D. Steinour: We are more bullish on the Midwest, and for a number of reasons. It's -- this energy play between the Marcellus and Utica is going to provide local manufacturers with very, very long-term stable supplies of probably low-cost energy, certainly on a relative basis. And so, we're of a belief that, that's going to continue to expand the manufacturing sector in the footprint. There's a tremendous amount -- additionally, there's just a tremendous amount of investment that's going on in a variety of related areas, education and medical. And it seems to us that there's much more coordinated economic development activity also occurring now of a strategic nature in Michigan, in Ohio and possibly some of the other states we're in, which should be very good for us long-term, as well. So we're bullish on the economic expansion continuing and not just being in a defined early phase.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then the other question I had, in terms of asset yields, I guess, if you look out over the next year or so, are there any quarters where there is any kind of cliff drop in terms of asset yields or loans that reprice and more so than other quarters?
Donald R. Kimble: No, I wouldn't say that there's any cliff quarters. But there are quarters where there's a little higher propensity as far as repayments and renewals, but I wouldn't consider anything cliff or out of the ordinary.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And have you matched up the liability sides against those quarters that could see greater repricing?
Donald R. Kimble: That's part of our challenge is managing that asset liability position, and we try to match that up the best we can. Right now, we're slightly asset-sensitive. So if you could do something for us to help get those short-term rates up, that we will be helpful for us. But I think we're pretty well setup.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kevin St. Pierre with Sanford Bernstein.
Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: On the litigation reserve, could you just give us a little bit more color and perhaps why we should consider that nonrecurring? What drove the increased litigation reserve?
Donald R. Kimble: I don't know that we can provide a whole lot more commentary there, that we did have developments during the quarter on some previously existing cases and that resulted in us taking a fresh look at the reserves that we had established and resulted in a $23.5 million increase. We do review those reserves at least quarterly. As I said, that there were a few developments this quarter that resulted in us wanting to increase this. And again, as far as the issues in sales, they are several years old, and they're not new cases and not new developments that hadn't previously been assessed.
Kevin J. St. Pierre - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC., Research Division: Okay. And then separately, with a 30-ish percent payout ratio and the announced or proposed share repurchase plan, it would seem as if Tier 1 common, which ticked up 15 basis points this quarter, is probably going to continue to build over the foreseeable future. Can you anticipate a time, or can you think about when and if you might start managing that down and how you would do so?
Donald R. Kimble: Great question. That I think as far as the outlook that we would agree with our announced capital plans, absent any unusual or extraordinary type of events, that we would see our capital ratios flat to up. And as far as managing that down, we'll continue to review that, at least annually, with the regulators as far as our capital plan. We did, between the Fidelity Bank acquisition and the municipal loan purchase, acquire over $1 billion of assets this past quarter. And so, to the extent that there are opportunities for us to continue to evaluate other potential purchases, now that could be one tool that could be useful to help manage that position.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom with RBC Capital Markets.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just a question on the demographics that you laid out for your in-store customer. It looks like it's a little different kind of customer. And you typically see fee income as a driver rather than credit, but it looks like this is a little bit different. Curious at what you're seeing so far in terms of credit growth out of the in-store branches.
Mary W. Navarro: Well, they're still service branches, so we are doing consumer loans out of those locations. And they're pretty new, so we have -- we've hired all new colleagues, so they're learning a lot of this as we go here, but if you look at our more seasoned locations, they do have pretty solid loan balances on the book. So I wouldn't say that they are more credit-focused versus deposit-focused. We're in a pretty low deposit rate environment right now, so we are seeing -- the biggest thing here, is we're seeing a lot more checking account household growth than what we had anticipated when we started those. So that's proving out to be profitable, as well.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. Just a quick question on the buybacks, Steve. I don't necessarily want to pin you down on it, but what makes sense in terms of buyback? You said it's stock price-driven. Curious if you view the stock price as attractive here, or are there some other limits that you're taking into account?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, the board has -- had a lot of time to have robust discussions. There are a number of elements, including market conditions and outlook, but nothing that we're prepared to be more specific with at this time, though.
Todd Beekman: Thank you very much for joining the call. If you have got any other follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to me, (614) 480-3878. Thank you very much. Have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Treasurer Daniel J. Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Todd Beekman - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steve, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I'll now turn the call over to Todd Beekman, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Todd Beekman: Thanks, Steve. Welcome. I'm Todd Beekman, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington Banc. Copies of the slides that we will be reviewing can be found on our website at www.huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available for rebroadcast starting about an hour after the close of the call. Please call Investor Relations department at (614) 480-5676 for more information on how to access the recording of playback or should you have difficulty getting copies of the slides. Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. The presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, where we believe it is helpful to understand Huntington's results of operations or financial position. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measure as well as the reconciliation of the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the slide presentation, its appendix, in the earnings press release, in the quarterly financial review, the quarterly performance discussion or in the latest 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to Slide 4. Today's discussion, including the Q&A period, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to change, risks and uncertainties, which may cause the results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to the slide and material we filed with SEC, including our 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now turning to today's presentation. As noted on Slide 5, participating in today's call are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and CEO; Don Kimble, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO; Dan Neumeyer, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer. Turning to Slide 6. Steve?
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you, Todd. Welcome, everyone. I'll begin with the review of our fourth quarter performance highlights. After my overview, Don will follow with his recap of our financial performance. Dan will provide an update on credit. I will then return with an update on our Fair Play and OCR or Optimal Customer Relationship strategy and close with the discussion of our expectations for this year. Before we get started, for those of you who are regulars on this call, there's a notable absence on today's call. After over a decade of service to Huntington in over 30 years in the field of Investor Relations, Jay Gould had decided to retire. He will be with the company until the middle of the year. I wanted to take a moment to thank Jay for his counsel during what have been some turbulent times and his tireless efforts in communicating the Huntington message. In particular, Jay helped Don and I provide insight and industry-leading levels of disclosure about Huntington over the last several years. Now getting to the topic at hand and turning to Slide 7. We report a net income of $126.9 million or $0.14 per share, up 3% from a year ago but down 12% or $0.02 from the third quarter. There were 2 factors that impacted this quarter's results. First was the anticipated impact of the reduction of electronic banking income due to the implementation of the Durbin Amendment related to a debit card fee reduction. The total impact for the quarter was $17.3 million. The second was the absence of an automobile loan securitization gain as the third quarter included a $15.5 million gain. As we noted last quarter, we intend to use automobile loan securitizations to manage our overall balance sheet risk exposure to automobile loans and expect to have such securitization gains from time to time but not likely every quarter. In that regard, at the end of the year, we transferred $1.3 billion of automobile loans to held for sale in anticipation of another securitization during the first half of 2012. The combined impact was nearly $33 million, which accounted for more than $20.8 million or a 3% decrease in total fully taxable equivalent revenue. This total revenue decline included a $29.2 million or 11% decline in noninterest income. This reflected the impact of the 2 items I mentioned previously. Revenue was also negatively impacted by a $6.4 million Visa-related derivative loss. These negatives were partially offset by an $11.3 million increase in mortgage banking income. Fully taxable equivalent net interest income increased $8.4 million or 2%. For the quarter, our NIM increased by 4 basis points as we continue to lower deposit and other funding cost. We also had a 2% annualized growth in average total loans. Now the total loan growth rate is partially understated due to the third quarter's $1 billion automobile loan securitization. Another highlight for the quarter was strong commercial growth -- loan growth, which increased at a 16% annualized rate. Average total core deposits increased at a 14% annualized growth rate with the mix continuing its shift to lower-cost demand deposits. Total demand deposits increased $2 billion. This reflected core organic growth as well as $600 million of what we consider as short-term commercial deposits that were previously collateralized short-term borrowings. Noninterest expense declined $8.8 million or 2% as the quarter included a $9.7 million gain on the extinguishment of debt related to our trust exchange. Turning to Slide 8. Our OCR methodology continued to deliver strong success. On the consumer side, we finished the year well above our initial target of 7.5% growth as consumer checking account households grew 10.3%. This is nearly 4x the rate of growth in 2009 and more than 50% higher than last year. More importantly, our cross-sell performance also continued to improve. At the end of the year, 73.5% of our consumer checking account households have over 4 products or services. This compares with 69.4% a year ago. We are seeing similar success on the commercial side. Growth in commercial relationships was 8.4% for the full year. We're also winning the cross-sell game here. At the end of the year, 31.4% of our commercial relationships used 4 products or services -- 4 or more products or services, up from 24.2% a year ago. Our Fair Play philosophy, coupled with an increasing effective OCR focus while positively impacting current period results, is also positioning us for better long-term performance. We all know that in today's low interest rate environment that the value of deposits could be at an all-time low. What Fair Play combined with OCR is giving us is not only higher customer growth and cross-sell revenue, but increased customer loyalty. When rates eventually rise, we believe our demand deposits will prove to be very sticky. Turning to credit quality. Our metrics continued to improve as expected. Net charge-offs declined 7% to an annualized rate of 85 basis points. Nonaccrual loans dropped 4%. Our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of nonaccrual loans remained at 187%, which we believe will continue to compare favorably to our peers. Our capital position remains strong. Our tangible common equity ratio rose 8 basis points to 8.3%. Our regulatory capital ratios remained strong but declined from the third quarter due to an increase in risk-weighted assets. While not noted on this slide, our fourth quarter pretax preprovision earnings were $227.8 million, down $12.8 million from the third quarter. The details can be found on Slide 37 in the appendix. But going forward, we no longer plan to report pretax preprovision metrics. We consider our provision expense now to be at levels consistent with our longer-term expectations and believe that it's time to return to tracking net income as the primary metric of overall financial performance. Now let me turn the presentation over to Don to review the financial details. Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Thanks, Steve. Slide 9 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trends. Many of the performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation. But turning to Slide 10, our net income for the third quarter was $126.9 million or $0.14 per share, down from $0.16 per share from last quarter. The primary driver for this decrease was a $29.2 million or 11% decrease in noninterest income, partially offset by an $8.8 million or 2% decrease in noninterest expense and an $8.5 million or 2% increase in net interest income. The decrease in noninterest income reflected the $17.3 million impact from the Durbin Amendment that Steve mentioned earlier. Slide 11 depicts the trends of our net interest income and margin. During the fourth quarter, our fully taxable equivalent net interest income increased $8.4 million, reflecting the benefit of a $0.4 billion increase to our average earnings assets and a 4-basis point increase in our net interest margin to 3.38%. The 4-basis point increase in our net interest margin reflected the impact of 4 primary factors. First, a 15-basis point increase from a reduction in deposit rates and improvement in deposit mix, resulting in a 16-basis point reduction in the average cost of funds. The benefit was partially offset by a 4-basis point reduction related to the impact of the extended low rate environment on loan yields. Also, a 4-basis point reduction related to the items -- other items, including last quarter's auto securitization. And finally, a 3-basis point reduction coming from the yields on investment securities and the continuation of the high liquidity levels. Continuing on to Slide 12. We have shown continued improvement on our deposit mix over the last 5 quarters as we reduced our noncore and core CDs from 21% -- to 21% from 28% of total average deposits. Perhaps more important was the increase in DDA balances over the same 5-quarter period as this category has increased to 38% from 30% of total average deposits. The improved deposit mix reflects the efforts of Fair Play banking for the consumer category and our treasury management focus for our commercial businesses. Turning to Slide 13. We showed a $1.4 billion or 3% increase in average core deposits. This increase reflected the efforts to drive core checking household growth on both the consumer and commercial side. On the consumer side, our checking account households increased at 10.3% and consumer noninterest-bearing demand deposits grew 35% from the fourth quarter of 2010. We have shown significant progress in transitioning our liabilities from what was a thrift-like deposit mix toward levels of high performing commercial banks. The strong growth in commercial deposits primarily reflected the results of our treasury management efforts and our OCR program to deepen the relationships with our customers. About $600 million of the commercial growth reflect the movement of previously collateralized short-term borrowings and the demand deposits. These deposits are of a similar nature to the $300 million to $400 million of commercial deposits we called out last quarter, which we view as temporary balances and expect to decline over the next several quarters. Slide 14 shows trends in our loan and lease portfolio. Average total loans and leases increased $0.2 billion or 1% from the 2011 third quarter, primarily reflecting $0.6 billion or 4% growth in average commercial industrial loans, reflecting increased activity from multiple business lines, including equipment finance, large corporate and dealer services. C&I utilization rates were down slightly from the prior quarter due to an increase in unfunded loan commitments. This was partially offset by a $0.6 billion or 9% decline in the average automobile loans. The decline in the fourth quarter average balances reflected a full quarter's impact of $1 billion securitization completed on September 15. On December 31, as Steve mentioned earlier, we reclassified $1.3 billion of auto loans to loans held for sale, which is roughly 1 to 2 quarters of origination as we plan to complete another securitization in the first half of 2012. Slide 15 shows the trends in our noninterest income, which decreased $29.2 million or 11% from the prior quarter. This decline reflected $16.2 million of lower gains on loan sales as the prior quarter included the $15.5 million gain associated with last quarters auto loan securitization. In addition, the current quarter was negatively impacted by a $14.6 million or 44% decline on electronic banking income, primarily driven by the $17.3 million reduction related to implementing the lower debit card interchange fee structure mandated by the Durbin Amendment. These decreases were partially offset by an $11.3 million or 88% increase in mortgage banking income, driven by a $5.6 million increase in origination and secondary marketing income, as well as a $5.2 million reduction in the net mortgage servicing rights or MSR loss for the quarter. The $4 million MSR loss recognized in the current quarter primarily reflects the model value adjustments that allowed us to show an accelerated prepayment expectation. Other income included a $7.5 million increase in mezzanine investment gains that were partially offset by the $6.4 million negative impact related to an increase on the liability associated with the sale of our Visa Class B shares in 2009. While many of our market-based fee income categories were down from the third quarter, several of these categories, including brokerage and capital markets, were up double-digit growth rates over the prior year. The next slide is a summary of expense trends. Noninterest expense decreased by $8.8 million or 2%. This included the benefit of the $9.7 million gain on the early extinguishment of debt related to our trust preferred securities exchange, a $5.9 million seasonal decrease in marketing expenses. But these reductions were partially offset by a $3.8 million or 8% increase in outside data processing and other services, primarily due to the cost associated with the conversion to a new debit card processor. These costs should not continue into the future quarters. We also had $3.6 million or 16% increase in equipment expenses, partially driven by accelerated depreciation associated with the planned consolidation of 29 branches in the first quarter of 2012. Slide 17 reflects the trends in capital. Our tangible common equity ratio increased to 8.3%, up from 8.22% at the end of the prior quarter. The Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio at December 31 was 10%, down from 10.17% at the end of the prior quarter and was negatively impacted by the increase in our risk-weighted assets. For 2012, we are part of the Federal Reserve's Capital Plan Review or CapPR stress test process and made our capital plan submission earlier this month. While we can give no assurances as to the outcome or any specific details in the interactions with the regulators, we believe we have a strong capital position. Let met turn the presentation over to Dan Neumeyer to review the credit terms. Dan?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Don. Slide 18 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. The third quarter continued to show improvement in our credit quality metrics despite continued economic challenges. Notably, the net charge-off ratio fell from 92 basis points annualized in the third quarter to 85 basis points annualized in the fourth quarter. This represented the 8th consecutive quarter of lower net charge-offs. Both commercial and consumer loan charge-offs were lower in the quarter. We would expect the continued improvement in net charge-offs will be realized in 2012 although the pace of improvement will likely be more modest as we approach normal levels. Loans of 90-plus days, delinquent and accruing were up modestly in the quarter from 16 basis points to 19 basis points. As we saw with the 30-day category last quarter, this reflected normal seasonal patterns but remained lower than the fourth quarter of 2010. We continue to have no commercial delinquencies in the 90-day plus category. The nonaccrual loan ratio of 1.39% as well as the nonperforming asset and criticized asset ratios all showed modest but continuing improvement in the quarter. The allowance for loan and lease loss and allowance for credit loss to loan ratios fell modestly to 2.48% and 2.6% from 2.61% and 2.71%, respectively. The coverage ratios remain very strong, however, as lower allowance levels were offset with lower nonaccruing loans and nonperforming assets. The allowance for loan loss and the allowance for credit loss to nonperformers were basically flat quarter-over-quarter. We believe that the combination of the net charge-off ratio, the nonaccrual loan ratio and the allowance for credit loss to nonperformer coverage ratios continue to be best in class among our peers. Slide 19 shows the trends in our nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates the continued reduction in the level of both nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets. Nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets fell 4% in the quarter. With regard to nonaccrual inflows depicted on the right-hand slide, we saw an increase in new inflows in the quarter although still lower than the inflows experienced in the first and second quarters of the year. The general trend of inflows throughout the year continued to show improvement. However, the activity tends to be uneven from quarter-to-quarter. Commercial nonperformers were down in the quarter while home equity and residential mortgages saw a slight increase. Both home equity and residential mortgage nonaccrual loans have been written down to net realizable values less anticipated selling cost which substantially limit any significant future risk of loss. Slide 20 provides the reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. Nonperforming assets fell by 4% in the quarter compared to a 6% reduction in the prior quarter. Although inflows were up in the quarter, payments and loans returning to accrual status were up as well and along with the impact of charge-offs and modest loan sales, the overall level of nonperforming assets declined. Turning to Slide 21, we provide a similar flow analysis of commercial criticized loans. The inflow of new criticized loans was lower than the fourth quarter compared to the third quarter although the inflows remained elevated given the still relatively weak economic conditions. In combination with an increase in paydowns, the result was a 6% reduction in criticized loans compared to the 4% reduction experienced in the fourth -- in the third quarter. Moving to Slide 22. Commercial loan delinquencies fell from 43 basis points in the third quarter to 27 basis points in the fourth quarter. Both commercial and industrial and commercial real estate had lower delinquency levels in the quarter. We continue to have no 90-day-plus commercial accruing delinquencies, which is consistent with prior quarters and as a result of our early identification and treatment of problem loans. Slide 23 outlines consumer loan delinquencies, which were up modestly in the third quarter in both the 30- and 90-day categories. This is consistent with typical seasonal patterns. Year-over-year performance continued to show a positive trend in both the 30- and 90-day categories. The black line on the left side of the slide exclude government-guaranteed loans and shows an uptick from 1.95% to 2.06% quarter-over-quarter. Residential delinquencies accounted for the majority of the increase. On the right side, you see the 90-day delinquencies rose from 32 basis points to 40 basis points. The dotted line shows the estimated impact of the third quarter $1 billion asset securitization and the fourth quarter movement of $1.3 billion of auto loans to held for sale. This estimate allows for an analysis of delinquencies on a comparable basis and shows a less pronounced increase in delinquencies and a greater pace of improvement on a year-over-year basis. Reviewing Slide 24. The loan loss provision of $45.3 million was slightly higher than the prior quarter and was less than net charge-offs by $38.6 million. The ratio of the ACL to the nonaccrual loans remains steady at 187%, representing a very healthy coverage level. The ACL to loans is lower at 2.6% compared to 2.71% last quarter, although we believe this to be a very solid ratio given the continued improvement in the risk of the portfolio. Overall, despite continued challenges presented by the economic environment, we remain pleased with the direction of credit quality across the portfolio and expect continued improvement in 2012. We believe that the combination of our performance metrics again puts us in a very good position relative to our peer group. Now let me turn the presentation back to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you, Dan. Turning to Slide 25. As I mentioned in my opening comments, our Fair Play banking philosophy coupled with our Optimal Customer Relationship or OCR is driving accelerated new customer growth and cross-sell share of wallet. This slide recaps trends in consumer checking account households. For the full year, we grew consumer checking account households by 10.3%. Importantly, 73.5% of our households use over 4 products or services, a significant improvement from 69.4% at the end of last year. For the fourth quarter, related revenue was $231 million, down 4.1% from the prior year and $21 million lower than in Durbin -- lower than the third quarter. The decline in revenue largely reflected the impact of the Durbin Amendment and a reduction in debit card interchange fees. Slides 32 and 33 in the appendix detail these quarterly trends. We believe what we are developing is a competitive advantage. When rates rise, and they will eventually, we believe we will have a deeply cross-sold and loyal customer base. Our market positioning is resonating strongly with customers and prospects. It's gaining a national following. MONEY Magazine recently named Huntington the best bank in the Midwest. We're seeing similar trends in our commercial relationships as shown on Slide 26. Commercial relationship growth was also strong. After growing 4.9% in 2010, commercial relationships in 2011 grew at an 8.4% rate, a 71% increase. And at the end of the fourth quarter, 31.4% of our commercial relationships utilized 4 or more products or services, up from 24.2% a year ago, and related revenue is also increasing. Related revenue for the quarter fourth quarter was $175 million, up over 9% from a year ago. Slides 34 and 35 in the appendix provide additional details. Now Slide 27 is our last slide and recaps our expectations for 2012. With regard to the economic environment, while we have recently seen some encouraging signs, we do not anticipate much change. It remains uncertain and the Federal Reserve's intention to maintain low interest rates through 2013 provides a significant revenue headwind for banks. In addition, consumer and business confidence remains fragile. With regard to net interest income, we anticipate modest growth from 2011 fourth quarter levels. The momentum we are seeing in total loan growth is expected to continue as growth in low cost deposits, although the benefit from this growth is expected to be mostly offset by net interest margin pressure. C&I loans are expected to show meaningful growth, reflecting the benefits of our strategic initiatives to expand our business and commercial lending expertise into related verticals like healthcare, asset-based lending and equipment finance in addition to our middle market lending. Commercial real estate loans are expected to continue to decline but at a slowing place as we begin to approach a level that is more in line with our overall aggregate moderate- to low-risk profile. Residential mortgages and home equity loan growth is expected to remain modest. We continue to expect to see strong automobile loan origination although on balance sheet, growth will be muted due to the expectation of completing occasional securitizations. Growth in low- and no-cost deposits will remain our focus. Growth in overall total deposits, however, is expected to be slightly less than growth in total loans. Fee income is expected to show modest growth throughout 2012 from the fourth quarter level now that it fully reflects the debit card interchange impact, the last significant mandated fee reduction of which we are aware. This modest growth we expect will be driven by increased cross-sell success, growth in key activities related to customer growth, as well as an increased contribution from our capital markets activities, treasury management, insurance and brokerage business. Noninterest expense is expected to increase slightly. While we will continue to focus on extracting further expense efficiencies, that benefit is anticipated to be partially offset by continued strategic investments, such as opening 40-plus new in-store branches this year and the cost associated with consolidating 29 traditional branches along with higher regulatory cost. From the credit front, nonaccrual loans and net charge-offs are expected to continue to decline. The level of provision expense, as mentioned earlier, is pretty much in line with our long-term expectations, but there could be some quarterly volatility given the uncertain and uneven nature of the economic recovery. As we've done for the last 2 years, our focus is on continuing to execute our core strategy. We will make selective investments and initiatives to grow long-term profitability. We will also remain disciplined in our growth and pricing of loans and deposits where we believe there is still some leverage from the existing book. Our Fair Play coupled with OCR is proving to be absolutely the right strategy and market positioning for us. We'll remain focused on improving cross-sell. We believe 2012 will be another year of marked progress in positioning Huntington for better sustained long-term earnings growth and profitability. So thank you for your interest in Huntington. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess as I think about the guidance in the quarter, one of the concerns I hear a lot is you're making $0.14 right now, the guidance implies stable provision, maybe modest preprovision earnings growth. So maybe next year you're in that $0.60 to $0.65 range, but people kind of struggle with where the next leg of earnings growth would come from that base given that the credit story is kind of reaching a steady state, as you put it. So is it capital management that provides that next leg? Or is it just slow and steady preprovision earnings growth? Or are we kind of building a coiled spring here where maybe earnings don't grow very much for a while but you keep building the customer base and someday when rates are higher and the environment is a little bit better, the value of that embedded base you've built really starts to show through?
Donald R. Kimble: That's a long question, Brian. This is Don. I'll go ahead and take a first crack at it. I think you're hitting on one of the long-term things for us. We are building a customer base that we think will be worth much more to us and to our shareholders as the normal rate environment recovers. But more importantly than just the balance sheet aspects of it, it's the ability to cross-sell and deepen that relationship. We've been talking about OCR for a couple of years now, and we are seeing positive trends there. We do believe that, that will allow us to continue to grow our bottom line. We've faced a lot of headwinds last year, with Reg E this year, with Durbin and throughout the time period with this very low rate environment, and we think that we're just continuing to position the company to benefit from that in the long term. Stephen, do you have additional thoughts you like to add there?
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes. Brian, I think the spring analogy in a different rate environment may have some accuracy, but we're trying to provide a steady level of growth and we're conscious of the rate of investment in order to achieve that growth but intend to make what we think are prudent long-term investments as we continue.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And just a follow-up on auto securitization environment. Is the gain on sales percentage that you generated last year -- I realize the environment can change, but as you look at the market right now, is that a good base for us to think about in terms of what the gains could be going forward? Or has anything changed in terms of the environment?
Donald R. Kimble: I think that you're right, that it will depend on the market environment. But I'd say that when we did our last securitization transactions, rates had come down dramatically prior to that time period. So that would've influenced the gain a little bit, but it's not going to be markedly different than what we showed on a proportional basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: The question I have was just on the margin a little bit. Embedded in your guidance, obviously, is higher NII but it looks like NIM compression. I totally understand, but if there -- can you quantify kind of the level of NIM compression that you're thinking about through 2012? And I guess I'm looking at Slide 11 here, and it looks like the negative aspects of the change in margin added up to about 11 basis points. Aside from what you can get on the deposit repricing side, is 11 basis points on the asset side every quarter a reasonable number?
Donald R. Kimble: Ken, as far as our guidance, we would say that generally, margin is fairly stable or within a fairly narrow range with where we are in the fourth quarter. I'd say the negative items there that you have, as far as the 11 basis points that while we are continuing to see some pressure on loan yield as the loans mature and are replaced, some of the other items that we had there as far as the hit from the investments, the liquidity and even some of the derivative impacts we've experienced over previous quarters are going to continue to be minimized compared to what we're showing here in the fourth quarter trend. And so we continue to believe the deposit rates and mix will continue to help offset those negatives or drag and allow us to maintain a fairly stable margin prospectively.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: All right, that helps. And then maybe just a follow-up to Brian's question. It'll be a little more direct. Is there any reason -- what does it take to get your ROA up from 90 basis points back up to the 130? Does it simply take higher rates or better loan spreads? And if that's the case, is it then just a matter of waiting for rates to rise?
Donald R. Kimble: I don't think we're going to be dependent on just the rate environment. I think it's going to be continuing to show some positive operating leverage given the challenges we've had here as far as Reg E and Durbin and allowing some of that organic revenue growth to exceed the expense growth prospectively, and that will help drive that ROA up.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My first question is just a clarity on the expense guidance. If I'm backing out the gain on the debt extinguishment, I'm looking at a run rate at about $440 million, but I understand there are some debit card conversion expenses in there of $3.8 million and some branch conversion cost of $3.6 million. What is the run rate upon which we should look at higher expenses for 2012?
Donald R. Kimble: I think there are a lot of puts and takes and you've outlined most of those, Erika. And generally, that would bring it to more at the core level based on what you had talked about. Now there is seasonality in some of the trends. So as we go into the first quarter of next year, you would see the normal employer tax and other seasonal cost to hit us that would drive those expenses up. But as we've said before, from that base that you talked about, we would expect the core expenses to come down, but we will see the impact of investments resulting in a slight increase in expenses prospectively from that core base that you mentioned.
Stephen D. Steinour: And obviously, Don meant this year, not next year.
Donald R. Kimble: Okay. Good.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. And just a question on credit. We saw an uptick in resi real estate and on home equity late stage delinquencies and also an uptick in overall NPL inflows. Is that to the seasonality that was talked about during prepared remarks? Or is the consumer in your footprint really continuing to struggle and that lends to some of more conservatism in terms of your provision outlook for next year -- this year?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. So 2 things there, Erika. Obviously, on the commercial inflows, that is not seasonality. That's just kind of the choppiness of the market and as we look back over the last year, there's been some unevenness. But generally, the trends have been in the right direction. So even though inflows are elevated over what we would like to see, we still think they're going in the right direction and will continue to reduce. On the consumer side, when you really look at the trends and cut through all the numbers, it's really the residential that are off in the 90-day category and we've shown you the adjustment on the overall consumer for the securitization effect, and so the overall impact really is not as great as what it would appear. So really, I think we're doing fine in auto. Home equity's flat. But at residential, what we're really seeing is the effects of the market. There are borrower delays, the bankruptcy, filing process and the whole foreclosure timeline has been extended and that has resulted in the higher late stage delinquencies. So part of it is just seasonality, which we do see every year and will expect to see improvement in the first quarter there. But the whole timeline of the residential has been extended and that accounts for a piece of it. Now as I also mentioned, we have -- we write down to net realizable value at 150 days. So there is not additional large exposure in those numbers. And we are very much trying to manage the delinquencies on the front end. We have our collections group very active. We have our home savers group. We've established a single point of contact to make the process more efficient. So we're really tackling it on the front end. So in the big picture, we feel pretty good about where we stand and don't see any trends that are alarming. And I don't think it has anything to do with our geography, in particular, to answer your final question.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And just a quick follow-up to that. We appreciate the provision guidance that you gave for 2012, but looking out beyond 2012, what benchmarks should we look at in terms of measuring what an appropriate level of provision should be? Are we looking at coverage relative to charge-offs, coverage relative to NPLs or reserve relative to loans? How should we think about on a long-term level beyond 2012?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: We look at every one of those measurements every quarter. We will see a tightening in the spread between provision and charge-offs as we reached normalized levels. But every quarter, we're just going to do our typical analysis. We look at every portfolio. We look at the economic environment. We do have improving trends but we also, as we'd just talked about, have an increasing flow of NPAs and criticized loans over and above what we would normally see. So I think our coverage ratios will remain strong. But like the ACL to loans ratio, I would expect it to be on a slow ramp downwards for the balance of the year.
Stephen D. Steinour: As you look at future periods, to answer your question, Andrea (sic) [Erika], it's likely to be more influenced by reserves to total loans as the charge-offs in NPA, NPL normalize.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin from Jefferies & Company.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Just coming back on Erika's question, just making sure we all hear it right. So expense growth this year on a full-year basis should come off of the core number for 4Q?
Donald R. Kimble: That's correct, yes.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, okay. In the last quarter, you guys had talked about service charges growing third to fourth. If I remember correctly, they were down a few million in the fourth. I just wanted to ask you for a little color on that. Is there anything that you're changing with regards to pricing? Or is there anything changing with regards to customer behavior? Or was that just a different type of seasonality?
Donald R. Kimble: We saw a little bit less than expected customer activity on the consumer side, driving down charge-offs a little bit from our expectations. And the other thing that continues is that the commercial customer is usually -- is using those higher DDA balances that essentially pay for their transaction fees. So we're seeing pressure on the commercial service charge category as well.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that's -- is that economic? Or is that just a choice decision?
Donald R. Kimble: I'd say that it's both from their perspective. And in the credit rates that they would have from those higher balances, it's still fairly nominal given the low rate environment, but they just don't have a lot of other options to use with that additional cash. So this is one way for them to manage their portfolio or liquidity position.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, I got it. All right. And then Don, I heard your point earlier about how you feel very confident on capital levels going into CCAR. And I just was wondering, I know you're not going to tell us about what you asked for specifically, but can you just remind us again at the corporate level your general preferences in terms of dividends versus buybacks and how you just approach that from a "top of the house" perspective?
Donald R. Kimble: We really haven't provided a whole lot of guidance there. What we have said is that we do believe that the regulators are sticking to their 30% kind of guidance for capital on cash dividend. We have said historically that even with a 30% payout, our capital ratios over time would continue to increase, and so we would have to evaluate other capital management actions. And so our first priority is to make sure that we maintain the appropriate common dividend for our shareholders but really haven't prioritized anything beyond that.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And my final one, just to wrap in all the guidance comments. Steve, I hear your point about not giving pre-pre explicit guidance, although I do think it's probably with the normalized provision, it's still the biggest point to grow from here. But do you have a general view that within the guidance that you've given that you do expect pre-pre to be on a positive track and it's within the kind of outlook? I know you're helping us on a year-over-year basis, but should we see a gradual progression upwards in preprovision from here?
Donald R. Kimble: This is Don. I'll go ahead and answer that. With our guidance, particularly in the guidance for the increased net interest income and the fee income and joining the expense trends that we've provided, it would expect or we would expect to see positive trends as far as pretax preprovision in 2012 compared to '11.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: First just on the balance sheet. I'm just wondering, has your view of holding security tier in this low rate environment all have changed for the past few months? Or should we continue to expect this portfolio to be in runoff?
Donald R. Kimble: It hasn't changed a lot. As far as the decline on period end balances that really related to some actions we're taking close to the end of the quarter that what we also did throughout the fourth quarter was to hold in our portfolio some of the 15-year fixed-rate production into our residential real estate portfolio, and that allowed us to essentially shift between those 2 different asset classes. So we do view our investment portfolio as a needed asset for us for both liquidity and for interest rate risk management. And we've continued to maintain the same type of discipline in keeping that duration of portfolio fairly short. It's right at 3 years or 3.1 years at the end of December, and that's more a reflection of the low rates to take it above the 3-year duration.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. And then just a quick one on noninterest expenses. Two of the items, outside data processing and also equipment had a pretty sharp step-up in the fourth quarter. I'm just wondering if you can help us at all in terms of the run rate for the first quarter, should we see it more flat after this big step-up? Or do you expect as your overall guidance for 2012 still a modest strip higher?
Donald R. Kimble: We really haven't provided the individual line level. What we did say, as far as some of the equipment expense related to some of the transition cost that we have in connection with the consolidation of 29 branches, that the movement there prospectively is in line with just the general statement as far as expenses being slightly up, reflecting the continued investments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Just a little different track in the numbers. I think when people talk about M&A in the regional space, they think of you guys being an acquirer, and I know that there is still a big difference in bid and ask prices. You saw banking audit backed out of the market the other day. What -- do you see some people becoming more realistic on pricing on -- for your acquiring other banks? Are you still out there looking?
Stephen D. Steinour: We are -- we remain in a posture where we're looking. There's -- so really no change. However, in terms of the sellers and we haven't -- and we don't expect necessarily anything to change. There doesn't seem to be any incremental regulatory activity or other things that may prompt to change the market here.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then the other question is your overall market. We've heard some of the regions where there's a lot of -- especially the bigger boys coming in and undercutting pricing and stealing market share from some of the smaller players out there. Can you go -- discuss a little bit about the competition relatively speaking for some of these commercial loans?
Donald R. Kimble: As far as the pricing on commercial loans that -- we really don't see a lot of direct competition from the bigger players in our footprint. Our focus is still primarily on the smaller end of the middle market spectrum. And so while there is some price pressure there that we've been able to maintain our pricing discipline that we have had some very good growth here in the fourth quarter for equipment finance, and that has a little bit different pricing characteristics than some of the other asset classes that we're very pleased with the credit and returns on that business we're looking as well. Dan, anything else that you'd add?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes. I think, actually, we're -- of course, there is some pricing pressure but what we're -- I think we're holding our own there and I think what we're trying to be more focused. We have walked away from deals that have gotten too aggressive on the structuring end. And so -- by and large, pricing remains competitive, but we don't feel like we're losing significant business because of being undercut.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: When you say that structuring end, is that -- do you mean too many covenant light-type deals? I mean, can you elaborate on that?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Yes, there are -- we have seen some -- just we're not comfortable on some of the multiples that are being allowed on senior debt or total debt. We are seeing some more aggressive structures there and have elected just not to participate in those.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Okay. Is that coming from the smaller players or the bigger players?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: This would be driven by the structuring ARMs of the larger players.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Chris Mutascio from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'm going to beat this horse, I guess, fully dead, but I want to -- I'm trying to get a grapple with the provision expense. I realized provision to average loans, you look like you're pretty much at a historical level or more normalized level. But given very strong coverage ratios and your guidance for improved credit quality, which means those coverage ratios probably can only get stronger, I would've thought maybe your provision expense will kind of blow through to the downside, if you will, normalize provision levels for the next several quarters, maybe through 2012 before you get back to normalized levels. So I guess my question is, why now holding off on further or even in more additional reserve releases given the type of credit quality improvement you're seeing and still expecting?
Stephen D. Steinour: We're also growing the commercial book at an annualized rate that's a nice multiple GDP. And so we're just trying to be cautious and prudent and make sure we're strong in -- for the foreseeable future.
Christopher M. Mutascio - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So is that another way of saying that you're going to -- that you can grow into the reserve to loan ratio over time because of the strong loan growth?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: I think that's an aspect of it. And obviously, we're keeping our eyes on the -- as we talked about, the NPA inflows and criticized. That is kind of a counterbalance. It makes us just remain cautious on that end. So we're trying to strike the right balance, and we do feel that portfolio is going to continue to improve in quality, but we've got our eye on some of the other metrics as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Scinicariello from UBS.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: I just want to follow up with you, just given the strong C&I growth, 6% sequentially, just looking to get a little more color on some of the borrower profiles there. We know the overall pie isn't growing in terms of the economy. So I'm just kind of wondering where your market share is coming from and what it looks like.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Well, we're encouraged by the fact that it's broad based. So we are seeing growth in our various geographic markets in the traditional middle market. As we mentioned earlier, we're also seeing strong growth in equipment finance and in the large corporate segment. And the one thing about the large corporate segment is that in 2011, of those new larger relationships that we added, 88% were cross sold. That's a big number for us. It's important. 75% of those loans were in our core 6 to 8 footprint. So we like where the growth is coming from. We think it's on strategy and it aligns very well with our OCR cross-sell initiatives.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Good. It's good. It's helpful. And then switching gears over onto the margin side of the equation. I noticed the benefit from shifting the deposit mix and growing those core deposits helped by about 15 bps in the quarter. I'm just kind of wondering what other levers you have to pull there with deposit costs down near 61 basis points or whatever. Do you have much more to go on the deposit repricing side or a mix shift in terms of benefit?
Donald R. Kimble: We still believe there is additional opportunity there for us to continue to drive down that cost. But even with that improvement in linked quarter, we're still higher than our peers as far as our average cost of funds or our deposit base. We believe with our focus on our transaction balances that, that will continue to drive improvement in the mix and will continue throughout next year. And we still have some CD maturities that are well above rates as well. But over the next 3 quarters, we've got roughly $4 billion of CD maturities at an average cost of north of 170 basis points. So as those come through, we should have some opportunities for us to continue to enhance that margin benefit.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And that $600 million of previously collateralized short-term borrowings to direct deposits -- or the demand deposits, what's kind of the flow trajectory of those kind of balances?
Donald R. Kimble: Generally, given that they are short term, they would -- we would expect to see some of those start to roll off over the next several quarters and haven't provided a whole lot of guidance beyond that.
Stephen D. Steinour: Just so you pick it up, it was at $600 million in the previous quarter, we identified another little plug of that.
Donald R. Kimble: $300 million plus or so.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, okay. So is that something that we should expect to maybe ebb and flow a little bit? Or is it just kind of a one-off type thing?
Donald R. Kimble: We would expect that to decrease over the next several quarters. So they will create some challenges from quarter-to-quarter as far as the growth rates because of that impact.
Stephen Scinicariello - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you, got you. And just lastly, just on the -- I know the targeted efficiency ratio is kind of that mid-50s kind of range. Given all that we know, we talked about with regard to expenses and whatnot, how do you get there from kind of the mid-60s range and what's the timing on that?
Donald R. Kimble: We get there by having positive operating leverage going forward. We need to focus on making sure that we're getting the returns on the investments we've already made and allowing those revenues to grow at a faster pace than the expenses. But just this past quarter alone, the impact from Durbin to our efficiency ratio cost us about 140 basis points. So it's a big drag for us this past quarter. And so we just need to make sure that, that will allow us to continue to show the progress toward that mid-50s goal. But you're not going to see it in 2012 results, but we do want to show positive trends in that direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jon Arfstrom from RBC Capital.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A question for you on the consumer cross-sell. Obviously, I'm assuming checking and savings would probably be Products 1 and 2, but where are you moving the needle on that in terms of maybe Products 3, 4 and 5 and where the opportunity is to take that higher?
Stephen D. Steinour: We're much -- we're very focused on moving that into a different digit other than a 4 and we expect to do that in the foreseeable future. So primary products, when you buy a checking account with us, you are typically going to get a debit card. We didn't mention this earlier, but we completed our debit card conversion to MasterCard. We ended up with more cards active, higher utilization, and so that is a partial offset. But as we're growing households at a 10-ish percentage level, virtually all of them are coming with an activated debit. In addition, we try and provide some kind of savings products, savings account, money market account, sweep the balance of their liquidity. And there's a meaningful percentage that also have some form of lending opportunity for us, home equity, mortgage, something that roughly balances part of the asset liability equation a bit. In addition to that, there is an emphasis on our part to do much more with mobile and electronic channels. And our 24-Hour Grace feature of our checking account, for example, provides mobile or text alert. So there's a propensity for consumers to opt into that, and then that sets up different economics as we then distribute statements in other alerts to customers prospectively.
Jon G. Arfstrom - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's helpful. And then just one question on commercial real estate. It's been obviously a bit of a drag to overall loan growth, but I'm curious if you have any thoughts as to when that category might trough and what kind of opportunities you're seeing in commercial real estate?
Stephen D. Steinour: We would expect it to trough in '12 and -- we have a large core group of relationships that as they become more active or we open the spigot to allow further credit extensions, it will certainly -- will help with the amortization and other prepayment. And frankly, that's the profitable side of the equation where we're looking to build it back as we deplete the noncore side of the real estate. We are looking at becoming a bit more active in the REIT space as well. So it's principally the core customers, maybe a little supplementation with some REIT activity. That would be publicly-traded REIT.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: I wanted to -- the first question was just back on the expense line and just, I guess, given how much of the profitability improvement would rely on something like higher rates, for example, to really let the value of the deposit base to go through. I mean, is there a point where just since that still could be years away, is there a point where there would be more of a focus on just dialing down the absolute level of the expense base to help to kind of bridge the gap between now and when rates do rise?
Donald R. Kimble: Scott, we continue to focus on areas where we can get additional efficiencies and that is a key area for all of our management team to make sure that we're driving going forward, but we also believe that we are going to be receiving benefits from the investments we're making. One example that continues onto 2012 is our in-store rollout with Giant Eagle. We've opened over 30 branches here in 2011, and we're to open a similar level plus in 2012. And so those investments do add to our expense base. And we've noted their longer-term focus and their investment returns for us, but we do believe that it positions the company more appropriate for future success. And so where appropriate, we'll continue to make those investments but at the same time, we're going to make sure that we're dialing down on other areas as far as the total expenses to be able to fund those types of other incremental investments for growth.
R. Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill + Partners, L.P., Research Division: Okay. And then the last question I have for you, Don, was on the auto loan securitizations. I was wondering if you could just talk conceptually about the other kind of things you think about. I mean, I know about the portfolio limits, but as you think about securitization, so if you -- when you do one, you get the upfront revenue gain, right, but then presumably, there's also a margin cost later on. So what are -- as you do kind of the NPV in a way, kind of keeping, I mean, portfolio versus doing a securitization, what are the things you're weighing at this point?
Donald R. Kimble: Sure. In addition to the upfront game, we do have the annual servicing income associated with that portfolio as well. But the other thing to keep in mind, too, is that as we sold our first securitization structure, we sold the residual interest, and that represents about 3% of the total balances. The implied return on that 3% was right around 12%. So compare that with the roughly 9% capital that we're going to be able -- require to maintain on our balance sheet to support those assets if we keep them on the balance sheet and the kind of returns our shareholders are going to want to see, and so we think that there is a capital efficiency to this structure and program as well.
Stephen D. Steinour: So we're grateful for your interest. We -- there are elements of opportunity that you've questioned us about. As we look back on 2011, a 10.1% ROA, an ROTE of 12.7%, substantial growth, record levels for us in households, in businesses, significant increased penetration on 4-plus products, growth in capital markets and some of the other key business lines for us, we feel we've made progress. We'll be working hard to continue that in 2012. Thanks for your interest.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Stephen D. Steinour - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank Donald R. Kimble - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Treasurer Daniel J. Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Jay Gould - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Anthony R. Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. My name is Steve, and I will be a conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Jay Gould, you may begin your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you, Steve, and welcome. I'm Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides that we will be reviewing can be found on our website, huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about 1 hour from the close. Please call the Investor Relations department at (614)480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings or playback or should you have difficulty getting the slides. Slides 2 through 4 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. The presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe it is helpful to understanding Huntington's results of operations or our financial position. Where the non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measure as well as a reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the slide presentation in its appendix in the earnings press release and the quarterly financial review and the quarterly performance discussion or in the related Form 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Now turning to Slide 5. Today's discussion, including the Q&A period may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time, and are subject to changes and risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. Now turning to today's presentation. As noted on Slide 6, participating today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Don Kimble, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dan Neumeyer, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer; also present is Nick Stanutz, Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Automobile, Finance and Commercial Real Estate. Let's get started by turning to Slide 7. Steve?
Stephen D. Steinour: Welcome. I'll begin with the review of our third quarter performance highlights. After my overview time, we'll follow with this recap of our financial performance. Dan will provide an update on CRE. I'll then return with an update on our Fair Play and OCR, what we refer to as our Optimal Customer Relationship strategy and close with a discussion of our expectations for the next few quarters. So turning to Slide 8, we reported net income of $143.4 million or $0.16 a share, essentially flat with the second quarter. Nevertheless, third-quarter results represented good progress against our strategic plan designed to improve long-term profitability and shareholder returns despite significant headwinds from the operating and interest rate environment. We're clearly focused on the long-term and the level of returns we generate for the ROAs of the company. This quarter's ROA was 1.05%. We were still able to bring a solid 13% return on tangible common equity even as we took several steps to continue to reduce risk in both the liquidity during the quarter marked by political and economic uncertainty. Our $240.7 million in pretax, pre-provision income was in line with last quarter, and Don will provide additional details in a few minutes. Fully taxable equivalent revenue increased $5.8 million or 1%. It's reflected a $3 million or 1% increase in net interest income. We saw several -- we saw average total loans growing at 8% annualized rate with C&I and indirect automobile loans with strong annualized growth rates of 9% and 17%, respectively. Demand deposits grew a very strong 28% annualized rate. Consumer non-interest-bearing DDA has increased to the 21% annualized rates which was last seen, in large part, the success of Asterisk-Free Checking. Commercial DDA inflows where particularly strong and above normal growth levels and therefore, not likely to be repeated. The net interest margin decreased 6 basis points to 3.34%. This was more of a decline than we outlined in last quarter's call as we were unwilling to add credit or duration risk during this time of record low rates. Don will have a more detailed walk forward in a few minutes. Noninterest income increased $2.8 million or 1% reflecting a $15.5 million gain on sale of automobile -- from the automobile securitization. We view this as core earnings as we expect to use such securitizations from time to time to manage overall concentration risk of our auto portfolio. Several charges on deposit accounts increased -- service charges on deposit accounts increased $4.5 million or 7%, primarily driven by increased customer activity and new account growth. Some were seeing that service charges on deposit revenues was back within 1% of a level seen a year ago. So I think that performance will compare favorably to most regional banks. But importantly, we did it without adding any new fees. We view this as very meaningful. Our customer growth, along with our ability to increase product penetration have virtually eliminated the financial impacts of an amendment to Reg E relating to certain overdraft fees plus our voluntary decision last year to reduce or eliminate a number of other deposit related fees and introduce it into this 24-Hour Grace. We believe our strategy to drive revenue by driving customer growth and product penetration is working. Partially offsetting non-securitization gain and growth in the private service charges was an $11 million decline in Mortgage Banking income, primarily driven by a negative $13.9 million rate quarter change in net MSR valuation. The majority of the MSR decline occurred in the last 2 weeks of the quarter, concurrent with the Fed's implementation of Operation Twist. Net interest expense increased $10.7 million or 2% with personnel costs up $8.3 million relating to the increase in salaries, severance and healthcare costs and a $5.7 million increase in outside data processing and other services as we converted to a new debit card processor. Turning to Slide 9. Last quarter, we introduced some of our metrics around OCR with our consumer businesses. Earlier this quarter, we introduced similar metrics for our commercial businesses. These metrics are now part of our regular quarterly disclosures. In the third quarter, we continued to see strong results across both groups of customers. Year-to-date, consumer checking account households were growing at nearly an 11% annualized rate. These new households are not just focused around a single service, we've been able to continue to grow our share of wallet with new and existing customers. Almost 73% of our consumer checking customers now have 4 or more products or services. On the commercial side, we saw increase in growth with commercial relationships growing for the first 9 months at an 8.6% annualized rate. As expected, credit quality shows continued quarter improvement with the 7% decline in net charge-offs and 8% decline in nonaccrual loans. With our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of period end loans declined to 2.71% given the decline in nonaccrual loans. Our reserve coverage otherwise increased to 187%. Internal capital generation remains strong. Our period-end tangible common equity ratio was stable at 8.22%, as tangible assets grew $1.9 billion and were temporarily rate inflated by the increased liquidity reflecting the proceeds of the automobile securitization. Our Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased to 10.17%, up 25 basis points. Our regulatory Tier 1 total risk-based capital ratios under the quarter 12.37% and 15.11%, respectively. Turning to Slide 10. We continued to move forward with our positioning for long-term growth and increased profitability with the ongoing implementation of strategic initiatives designed to grow customers approved convenience and increased level while controlling costs. As I just mentioned, in September, we completed $1 billion automobile loan securitization. Our super prime and direct auto business have performed extraordinarily well over the cycle. We've seen significant growth in this business as our high level of customer service and commitment to the business has strengthened our relationships with target dealers. This allows us to take advantage of dislocations and expand into new markets. The growth trajectory of loan portfolio is such that we would likely reach our internal concentration limit within a year. By restarting our securitization program, we can maintain the size of the portfolio at appropriate levels while freeing up balance sheet capacity for continued expansion of that business. As an example, shortly after the third quarter ended, we announced the expansion of our auto dealer finance business in the Wisconsin and Minnesota. Those markets are in a state of flux due to recently announced bank deals and this has allowed us to hire a seasoned team with multi-market knowledge for each state. We also continued to increase convenience and create the best experience for our customers. We have 23 Giant Eagle in-store branches opened and plan to have 28 opened by the end of the year. And while it's still early, the initial in-store branches are ahead of plan, en route to be on a path to break even before our goal of 24 months. We also opened 3 traditional branches in the Detroit area. With the leadership team, we announced that Helga Houston will succeed Kevin Blakely as our Chief Risk Officer. Kevin is retiring at year end after almost 40 years in banking and 3 years with us here at Huntington. I'd like to just take just a moment to thank Kevin for his efforts over those 3 years and helping to turn the bank around and fundamentally strengthening, in very significant ways, our risk management capabilities and risk culture throughout the organization. And Helga has 30 years of diversified banking experience in risk management, business development and client relationships and we're excited to have her on board. And finally, shortly after the quarter's end, Moody's upgraded the credit ratings of the bank and parent company level to A3 and BAA 1, respectively. We're not going to the details here but I do recommend you review Moody's press release. In particular, I call your attention to the comments on the results of stress testing all our real -- all of our real estate portfolios and views on our Auto portfolio. Now let me turn the presentation over to Don to review the financial details. Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Thanks, Steve. Turning to Slide 11. It provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trends. Mainly the performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation. Let's turn to Slide 12, and it shows that our net income for the third quarter was $143.4 million or $0.16 per share. The $12.6 million decrease in the pretax income reflected the impacts of the $10.7 million to increase our noninterest expense, and the $7.8 million increase in provision expense, which were partially offset by a $3.1 million increase in net interest income and $2.8 million increase in noninterest income. I'll detail exchanges in subsequent slides. On Slide 13, we show the trends in our revenues and our pretax, preprovision on the left hand side of the slide. The third quarter showed a slight decline in pretax, preprovision, most of which can be attributed to $11 million linked quarter increase in expenses, as well, detailed here, much of this increase was related to conversion cost of our debit card products and higher personnel costs driven by higher salary, severance and healthcare costs. Slide 14, reflects the trends on our net interest income and margin. During the third quarter, our fully-taxable equivalent net interest income increased by $3 million reflecting a benefit of a $0.8 million increase in our average earning asset base, partially offset by the negative impact with 6 basis point decrease in net interest margin, the 3.34%. The 6 basis point decline in net interest margin reflected the impact of 4 primary factors. First with the 9 basis point reduction related to the impact of the extended low rate environment on loan yields. In the quarterly financial review, we have provided the impact of swap on our commercial loan yields. This summary shows our total commercial loan yield declined by 4 basis points this past quarter after excluding the impact of interest rate swaps. This decline was primarily attributable -- attributed to $1 million or 2 basis points of lower income coming from nonaccrual loans. The offset of 2 basis point reduction coming from a lower benefit of investment securities and meaningfully higher level of liquidity on the balance sheet. We ended -- our proceeds from cash flows are 45 basis points lower in this past quarter than they were in the second quarter. We also maintain a higher level of cash during the quarter given a heightened uncertainty surrounding the U.S. debt ceiling issue and the overall volatility that we experienced during the remainder of the quarter. We also had 1 basis point negative impact from the securitization of own loan yield in assets of 4% were replaced with investment securities and a 1.3% yield level. These negatives were partially offset by the benefit of 6 basis points from the reduction in deposit rates and the improvements in deposit mix. Continuing on to Slide 15, we show the continued improvement in our deposit mix over the last 5 quarters. As we reduced the non-core and core time deposits to 23% from 29% of total average deposits. Perhaps more importantly, the increase in DDA balances over the same 5 quarters. At this quarter -- category, the increase is 34% -- or 30% of total average deposits. The improved deposit mix reflects the efforts of Fair Play banking on our consumer customers and our treasury management focus for our commercial businesses. During the quarter, we also increased the focus on the deposit pricing and including plans that continue to drive the cost of funds lower to help offset the continued pressure from what we now view as an extended low rate interest environment. The impact of these efforts will be more visible in the fourth quarter results. Turning to Slide 16. We showed a 2% increase in total core deposits. This increase reflected the efforts to drive core checking accounts household growth on both the consumer and commercial customer segments. On the consumer side, our year-to-date checking account households increase to less than 11% annualized rate. The strong growth in commercial deposit balances primarily reflect the results of our treasury management efforts and our OCR programs that deepen the relationships with our customers. Keep in mind, about $300 million of the commercial demand deposit growth reflected some temporary balances but will decline over the next couple of quarters. Slide 17 shows trends in our loan and lease portfolio. Loan growth were broad based with every category of loans growing except commercial real estate, which continued to decline. Growth in the C&I area reflects the benefit of many of our initiatives including our focus on equipment finance, large corporate, business banking and middle market. Average automobile loans increase to the 17% annualized rate, including the impact of $1 billion securitization of automobile loans completed in September. Residential mortgages also experienced growth of 5%, reflecting a continuation of a year-long trend of customer preference for shorter term fixed and/or variable mortgage products and -- which we are traditionally retaining on our balance sheet. Slide 18, show the trend in our noninterest income, which increased $2.8 million or 1% from the prior quarter. This was driven by a $15.1 million increase in other income reflecting the $15.5 million gains in the sale of automobile securitization, which was also partially offset by a $6.8 million decline in SBA servicing income. Service charges on deposit accounts followed by banking income increased $4.5 million or 7%, and $1 million or 3%, respectively, reflecting increased customer activity and new account growth. The service charge income is now within 1% of the year-ago level, reflecting the benefit of our strong household growth offsetting the impact of the amendment to Reg E and other Fair Play banking initiatives, implemented over the last several quarters. Electronic banking income is expected to decline approximately 50% in the fourth quarter as a result of the implementation of the Durbin Amendment on October 1. Mortgage income declined by $11 million despite a 4% increase in origination. During the quarter, we recognized a $9.2 million net MSR loss. Originations over the last 2 years have resulted in recording a mortgage servicing asset on a lower cost-to-market basis. Given the low rate at the time and the expectation that rates would increase, along with the amortization of the asset, we made the decision not to hedge the value of this asset. During the last quarter, the net loss recognized on our lower cost-to-market asset was in excess of $11 million. Comparing the net $9.2 million loss recognized this quarter with the $4.7 million gain last quarter, the result in a reduction were changed in mortgage revenue of $14 million essentially offsetting the impact of the auto loan securitization. This next slide is a summary of expense trends. Total expenses were up $10.7 million or 2% from the prior quarter. This reflected an $8.3 million increase in personnel costs, including the impact of severance cost, $2 million of higher healthcare costs, and also $1 million of low level asset from more origination cost deferral. Outside data processing and other services were also up this past quarter, and they're up $5.7 million, primarily related to the conversion costs associated our new debit card processor. Additional conversion costs are expected in the fourth quarter, which should be more than offset by a future economic benefit from this change. Slide 20 reflects the trends on capital, virtually all the ratios improved over the prior quarter and reflecting the -- and strong internal capital generation and also capital relief from the auto securitization transaction. Our Tier 1 common ratio improved by 25 basis points to 10.17%. The TCE ratio was flat at 8.22%, reflecting the increase of our cash position at quarter end of $1.2 billion. Slide 21, well, about the rationale for our $1 billion auto securitization this past quarter. As we see, this is an ongoing part of our auto business. Such securitizations provide 3 primary benefits. First, it helps manage our overall concentration of auto loans on our balance sheet. We see continued opportunities to grow our auto loan book faster than the rest of the loan portfolio. The securitization allows us to keep the concentration below 20% of our total loans book. The structure also allows us to efficiently manage our capital attributed to this business. The residual interest that we sold with the structure represented 2.8% of the total loan balances. This compares with our 10% Tier 1 common ratio allowing us to benefit from this market leverage. And finally, securitization helps to provide funding source for this business allowing us to more appropriately price other funding sources. So with that, let me turn the presentation over to Dan to review credit trends. Dan?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Thanks, Don. Slide 22, provides an overview of our credit quality trends. The third quarter continued to show improvement in our credit quality metrics despite continued economic challenges. Normally, the net charge-off ratio fell from 1.01% annualized second quarter to 0.92% in the third quarter. This is the lowest level of charge-off since the third quarter of 2008. Well, both commercial and consumer loans contributed to this linked quarter improvement. While we expect continued improvement at our charge-off trends, the pace of the improvement will remain more modest given weak economic growth, relatively high unemployment and still unstable home values. Loans 90-plus days past due, delinquent and still accruing were basically flat quarter-over-quarter, up 1 basis point. We continue to have no commercial delinquencies in the 90-day-plus category. The nonaccrual loans, nonperforming assets and Criticized asset ratios all showed continued improvement in the quarter, although the improvement brought somewhat by an uptick in common loan inflows. The allowance for loan loss and allowance for credit loss to loan ratios fell modestly to 2.61% and 2.71%, respectively. Nonetheless, coverage ratios increased due to lower nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets. Slide 23 shows trends in our nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates the continued reduction in the level of both nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets. Nonaccrual loans fell 8% in the quarter. With regard to nonaccrual inflows depicted on the right-hand chart, we once again saw a reduction in new inflows in the quarter after experiencing increased inflow in the second quarter. And as I mentioned in last quarter's discussion, we did not believe at that time that the second quarter inflow was the beginning of a trend rather simply, more indicative of the uneven nature of the commercial portfolio when individual credits can account for fairly large movements. This type of linked quarter lumpiness is not unexpected. Slide 24 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flows. NPAs fell by 6% in the quarter, up from a 5% reduction in the prior quarter. The reduction in inflows was the primary driver, along with charge-offs and payments. The quarter also saw a lower level of loans return into accrual status, as well as a lower level of loan sales. Turning to Slide 25, we provide a similar flow analysis at commercial Criticized loans. Over the past year, we have seen a consistent decline in the level of commercial Criticized loans. Although that trend continued with total Criticized loans down 4%, it was less of a decline than the 11% that we experienced in the prior quarter as current quarter Criticized inflows increased. The inflows consisted of both C&I and CRE loans, the rise of downgrade comprised a group of CRE loans that have a significant sponsor support and -- which we believe provides an opportunity to come to resolution and eventual upgrade. Several other large downgrades have impending events, which may also allow for upgrades in subsequent quarters. Because of uncertain economic outlook, we continue to be very conservative in our early identification of problem loans, which allows for exercising a larger number of alternatives for restructuring and eventual upgrade. We do not believe that the vast majority of these early downgrades are at risk of further migration to nonaccrual status given the action plans and alternatives already developed. At this time, we believe the risk of loss on these new Criticized loans is negligible. Moving to Slide 26, commercial loan delinquencies rose to 43 basis points from 32 basis points in the quarter -- in the prior quarter. While C&I delinquencies were flat quarter-over-quarter, CRE delinquencies were up and accounted for the entire increase. As mentioned earlier, we have no 90-day accruing delinquencies, which is consistent with prior quarters. Slide 27 outlines consumer loan delinquencies, which were up modestly in the quarter in both 30- and 90-day categories. The results are consistent with typical seasonal patterns. The gray line in the chart on the left displays 30-day delinquencies excluding government-guaranteed loans and show the linked quarter uptick to 1.95% from 1.83%. This reflected modestly higher home equity and auto delinquencies partially offset by a slight decline in residential delinquencies. The accounting for the $1 billion auto securitization, consumer delinquencies are basically flat quarter-to-quarter. The 90-day increase shown on the chart on the right was more modest and saw delinquencies excluding government-guaranteed loans rising by 2 basis points in the quarter. Again, home equity and auto saw modest increases, while residential delinquencies experienced a small reduction. And again when we take into account the auto securitization, 90-day delinquencies were actually down 1 basis point or 2. Year-over-year results in both 30- and 90-day delinquencies continued to demonstrate improvement despite the ongoing challenges faced by [indiscernible]. So Slide 28, the loan-loss provision of $43.6 million was lower than net charge-offs by $47 million. The ACL to total loans was lower at 2.71% compared to 2.84% last quarter, although we believe this is very solid ratio given our continued improvement in the loans profile of the portfolio. Importantly, the ratio of ACL to nonaccrual loans actually increased to 187% from 181%. We believe that this coverage ratio should compare favorably to our peers. Overall, we remain pleased with the collection of credit quality across the portfolio and expect continued improvements in subsequent quarters. Let me turn the presentation back to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour: So as I mentioned in my opening comments, our Fair Play banking philosophy, Optimal Customer Relationship or OCR strategy has been resonating strongly in the market and driving accelerated new customer growth. Along with those new customers, we continue to benefit from higher retention rates as current customers feel an even stronger level of loyalty to Huntington. And as a result, related revenue is increasing. This slide recaps trends in consumer checking account households. On Slide 29, first quarter 2011 growth was running at a 9.1% annualized rate. By the second quarter, year-to-date annualized growth increased to 9.8% and now for the first 9 months, this has increased even further to an annualized 10.8%. Throughout this period, several competitors announced they were adding fees or reducing product features to try to offset the lost revenue. Customers are clearly reacting positively to our strategy. Now in addition we're selling more to all of our consumer households. For the third quarter, 72.8% of consumer checking account households use over 4 products or services, up from 71.3% in the second quarter and significantly higher than the 68.5% just a year ago. We hear competitors are saying we're attracting low profitability consumers. And some of you who have told us, our competitors have even said they're glad to lose these customers. And we hope they continue to believe that. All we can say is that our related revenue is increasing with third quarter related revenue 5% higher than a year ago, and on an absolute basis above pre Reg E amendment levels. In a low interest rate environment, the earnings potential from a consumer demand deposit is less than in higher-rate environment. Perhaps that accounts for some of our competitors remarks. While we also note that loyalty matters. Loyalty matters. When rates rise and they will eventually, we have a fully developed, highly penetrated and extremely loyal customer base, which I believe is a -- will be a huge competitive advantage. We're seeing similar trends in our commercial relationships as shown on Slide 30. I think it's important to note that our definition of commercial relationship is a business banking or commercial banking customer with a checking account relationship. A business with just a loan relationship is excluded. It's because we believe that checking account anchors a business relationship and creates the opportunity to increase cross-sell and ultimately total profitability, effectively, what we've done with our consumer household and how we look at it, and both of which benefit from our Optimal Customer Relationship strategy. As shown on this slide, commercial relationships growth is also accelerating. That's growing 4.9% in 2010, commercial relationships for the first 9 months of this year grew at 8.6% annualized rate, a 75% improvement. For the third quarter, 29.2% of our commercial relationships utilized 4 or more products or services, up from 26.7% in the second quarter and significantly above the 23% penetration a year ago. And related revenue is also increasing. Related revenue for the third quarter was $176 million or up from $167 million in the second quarter, a 15.5% more than just a year ago. There are slides in the appendix that provide additional details. And we believe we are winning the battle for retail and business customers in our markets. I'd like to use Slide 31 to recap our current thinking regarding our expectation for the next several quarters. Last quarter, we noted our concern that the economic environment was becoming increasingly uncertain. Third quarter events in Europe, Washington tail into debt ceiling, the Fed's comments about targeting the low interest rate environment through 2013, and their latest Operation Twist designed to bring down long-term interest rates relative to shorter interest rates have all increased economic uncertainty, and we see that uncertainty continuing.  As such, we expect the economic growth, if any, will be limited. But notwithstanding these pressures from the banking system, we believe our Fair Play banking philosophy and the value proposition of our products, which we've created for customers, sets us apart from the industry. That value proposition is driving our growth and it allows us to continue to invest in strategic actions that we believe will translate into long-term shareholder value. With regards to net interest income, we expect to see modest growth. This will be driven by a modest loan growth and continue to mixing up our deposit base to lower cost deposits. These benefits are expected to be partially offset by modest net interest margin pressure reflecting the effect of extended low interest rate environment. But the current interest rate environment remains unchanged in 2012, it could cause our net interest margin to drop modestly below this level. With regard to loan growth, we expect recent trends to continue with overall modest loan growth. This should reflect strong growth in auto loan off the September 30 base, meaningful growth in commercial and industrial loans, and modest growth in residential mortgages. These increases however, are expected to be partially offset by the continued decline in non-core commercial real estate loans. Core deposits are expected to continue to grow, and has been our objective, we expect the absolute level of deposit growth to mirror the loan growth opportunities given the inability to invest excess deposit and attractive risk weighted returns. We anticipate fee income growth will continue to be mixed. We expect to see growth in key activities related to customer growth and improved mortgage banking income, excluding any MSR impact. We expect the implementation of the new interchange fee structure to reduce electronic banking income by approximately 50% or around $15 million from third quarter levels. Net interest expense is expected to decline modestly in the coming quarters with improved expense efficiencies. While strategic action like this quarter's debit conversion may cause short-term fluctuations. Nonaccrual loans and net charge-offs are expected to continue to decline. In closing, we made a lot of progress in the third quarter. Much of this was settled on building our customer base, increasing product penetration and growing related revenue. The fourth quarter should see -- continue to see many of these same trends and with the additional headwinds of the interchange Tier reduction and margin pressure challenges given a low interest rate environment. So thanks for your interest in Huntington. Steve will now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Tony Davis with Stifel Nicolaus.
Anthony R. Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I just wondered, following the expansion during the New England, here and Wisconsin and Minnesota, how much broader of footprint do you envision for the auto business? Number 1. Number 2, our acquisition such as TCF, Gateway One deal are realistic growth option for you?
Stephen D. Steinour: We're essentially defined now in terms of our automobile geography could add a state or 2, but won't be a broad-based. And while we admire a lot of what TCF does and has done, we don't have plans to follow their expansion to national indirect lender.
Anthony R. Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And one quick follow up, last quarter, it was so early, I guess, you really couldn't give us much color on how it was rolling out. But I wonder if you could talk a little bit more, Steve, about Asterisk-Free, how it has progressed relative to expectations and what you're seeing out there, I guess, in terms of competitor response today?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, Asterisk-Free is part of our Fair Play philosophy and when we announced it about a year ago, Fair Play and that we were going to -- with 24-Hour Grace, and certain other fee give-ups in addition to Reg E, take a fee set back. And that we shared with the investment community just the fee give-ups and 24-Hour Grace would cost us $30 million. We're very pleased and we're well ahead of schedule to be back essentially flat year-over-year in the same timeframe. And Asterisk-Free, as you heard from those statistics from seeing the pages, it's accelerating our household growth. It's early as we said and as you acknowledged, but we like what we see so far in the mix. And we're continuing to get good cross-sell penetration in addition to the mix. But it's early, Tony, and so we're not sharing a lot more. We're not prepared to share a lot more until we have a better view of a sustainable run rate so we don't create a misperception.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: With the resumption of your auto securitizations program, what does that imply about how aggressive you might be with writing new originations on the Auto side? I mean, should we think about this is as maybe a step down from super prime to prime, and securitized more of the prime stuff. And also at the end of the day, what I'm trying to figure out is how often would we start seeing these about $50 million gains from the securitizations?
Stephen D. Steinour: Ken, I'll do the credit in the first case. Don, why don't you talk about timing of the securitization, if you would, and Nick, kindly as well. But Ken, we don't anticipate changing our lending policy at all. And at this point, and there are no discussions to do so in the future. So we would expect to continue to generate super prime and we look at it weekly as we've shared with you in the past, and Nick and Tim, of course, are on it every day, all day.
Donald R. Kimble: Good. As far as the timing and the frequency of the securitization is that I would say that as a general expectation, we're probably looking at a couple of years. And some years, even some of you might have fewer, and the size of securitization is probably will be fairly similar to what we just did, but I wouldn't say that's an absolute guidance. But that's generally be met based on growth and balance sheet capacity and other funding considerations.
Daniel J. Neumeyer: Ken, we articulated the concentration limit for Auto. I think there's a little concern with just how much as a percentage of portfolio and the rate of growth as well, so -- and we shared internally, that 20% limit for total loans. And as we were requesting the $16 million, we had a further expansion on the horizon. We want to get ahead of it this quarter.
Stephen D. Steinour: And Ken, I would just add one comment, and that is we have a reputation that we have worked very hard to build in the marketplace. The dealers are very connected for a variety of reasons, and we want to stay very focused on what we are known to do and do really well. And that's where we want to continue to play in that space.
Ken A. Zerbe - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Now it makes sense. And then just so -- one other question I had, on the MSR loss in the quarter, I may have missed this, but were you making any directional bets one way or the other? I think I heard a comment that you were not hedged on some pieces of it, but I wasn't sure if that's related to the MSR. Basically, I'm just wondering why you took more loss than, I guess, some of your peers.
Donald R. Kimble: Ken, good question, but we essentially have been including new mortgage loan originations on a lower cost for market basis over the last 2 years. And for that portion of the portfolio, we believe that interest rates over the long haul would increase from where they were before. And as a result of the amortization associated with that asset, we really didn't need to hedge it. And we monitored it but we didn't hedge it. And -- well, that we mark-to-market on that low common book really hit for the first time this past quarter and cost us $11 million of write-downs. So if you just look at the fair value portion of the MSR, we actual have a slight gain of about $2 million, which is consistent with what we've seen in previous quarters for that activity, but really it was a reflection of the low end rates coming down 90 basis points in early part of the quarter, as Steve referenced. But we had another 30 basis point drop in the last 2 weeks in the quarter, which costs $7 million of that impairment. And so it was more market-driven, onetime-related. We have taken a position to do a partial hedge of that asset going forward but it's a reflection of the strategy we've played up until now.
Stephen D. Steinour: So Ken, we originally moved to low comp because we thought it was more a conservative basis for covering the MSR. And we -- while we had it partially -- the low comp portion partially hedged was inadequate given the magnitude of the moves. As Don referenced, it's now more substantially hedged at this point going forward. But if you look at a 2-year continuum, we're way ahead having left it unhedged, but we're kicking ourselves, a bit, for missing this last couple of weeks in particular and the impact of it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kenneth Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: You guys have always done a very good job of continuing to focus on the long term in terms of investing in the footprint and continue -- in franchise, and you continue to put that forth. But I'm just wondering with acknowledging that the revenue environment is harder and the fourth quarter pressures and just the low rate environment, what else can you do in terms of that efficiency initiatives? Can you help to size it for us? Because it seems like the expense trajectory has continued to move up, and then notably, this quarter even on the comp line and the flat revenue quarter. So I'm just wondering, like, how do you -- how are you figuring through that balance and what structural things can you do to more than offset some of those investments that you're continuing to make?
Donald R. Kimble: Great question, Ken. And as far as the expenses, I just want to highlight a few things. There really are some unusual items in the quarter that drove that $11 million increase. We've talked about roughly a $6 million increase in outside processing and other services. A good portion of that relates to the conversion costs associated with our debit card efforts that we have going on. You've mentioned the increase in personnel cost of about $8 million linked quarter. We had $2 million increase in healthcare benefits, primarily related to 3 specific claims that were a large dollar amount that were outside the normal cost. We had $2 million of severance cost this quarter. And we had a host of other items of about $1 million each that I wouldn't suggest are quarterly occurring but they just ended up getting this past quarter. As far as the severance cost, it really was related to some continuous improvement efforts we have in place. We haven't targeted or size a specific initiative as to what we want to do as far as bringing down some of the expenses, but then, we do want to be able to focus on continuous improvement making sure that we're able to support investing in other initiatives where appropriate, but also keeping in mind that the impact of the economy over the next several quarters and the need to make sure that we're managing our expense base prudently and trying to keep that down. And as a result of the onetime items I talked about, our guidance was for expenses to be lower. But just as we referenced with the conversion costs, we expect those costs to continue into the fourth quarter, but we'll see benefits in future quarters from the impact of that conversion.
Stephen D. Steinour: Ken, we're very focused around the efficiency ratio and the expense level, and will be as we go forward.
Kenneth M. Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, got it. My second question, just in regard to the comment that we see in the press release about next year's margin potentially going below the low end of the 3.30% to 3.70%. I'm just wondering is that commentary more on a 2012 full year basis or about just "where it could get to in -- by the end of the year" type of comment. I'm just wondering. Just trying to understand the magnitude of compression that you think you might see as we look ahead to the next year or so.
Donald R. Kimble: It's first to point out that we do expect to see increases in net interest income even though the margin could show pressure. But the guidance as far as it could drop modestly or slightly below that long end of the guidance of the long-term -- into the guidance of 3.30%, more is a reflection of the fact that we're at a 3.34% for the current quarter. We think there will be continued pressure just because we don't want to extend the duration of our investment portfolio in this low rate environment and we want to make sure that we're managing that risk position appropriately.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America.
Leanne Erika Penala - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Steve, I know you alluded to this a bit on the call but we're quite aware of what the national banks are doing with regards to checking fees. But I guess, give us a sense on what your regional competitors are doing and whether or not they are being thrown for a loop by the Fair Play banking strategy?
Stephen D. Steinour: Erika, it's hard to project what they're doing. We've got a rearview mirror focus but I would say there's generally an effort to try to make up some of Reg E and Durbin. And you'd have to look at that bank by bank to see how they're doing it, and some of it is obvious and some it sort of -- what I call junk fees that are just getting added in like an ATM lookup -- balance lookup fee, things like that, none of which we're doing. And all of which sort of worked for us in this Fair Play philosophy much like that more commonly known, Bags Fly Free thing from Southwest, has resonated. And we expect that will continue and our growth in terms of competition, we believe it has some runway, undefined to have some runway yet. And we intend to be driving aggressively and try to foreshadow that in terms of the expectations of households and business unit growth in the near term.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: And my follow-up question is around capital distribution. Do you get a sense that being part of the CCAR might limit your flexibility despite your strong lower Tier 1 common ratios with regards to near-term distribution?
Stephen D. Steinour: I think the regulatory environment and the Fed in particular, will look at the city bags as a class going forward. And being the midget in the room, it will still put us in the room. So we have -- we're going to go through the CCAR process, first time, which we outlined in the release. And unknown, prospective that they're going to conjecture on our part to take some kind of extended view comment right now, but our capital plan will be holistic in terms of uses of capital and we're trying to be efficient in our use as you saw at the auto securitization and our outlook for continued securitizations.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: And have you disclosed, over the long term, where you'd like your total payout ratios to be taking into account those potential dividend increases and reinstatement of a buyback?
Stephen D. Steinour: We haven't disclosed that and it gets -- we have an organic growth dynamic, Erika, that we're also conscious of it. And at the moment, in some respects that, it appears to be accelerating, and we clearly want to continue that and fuel it. And then separately, from time to time, it could be an acquisition here and then -- so the standard uses of capital, we're working through all that, we'll work that through with the Fed and seek out process.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Craig Siegenthaler with Crdit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just looking at Slide 27, if you look at 30- to 89-day delinquencies x the guaranteed Ginnie Maes, delinquencies look to be basing and increasing. Then if I turn the slide over and look at even commercial Criticized loans inflows, they also kind of peaked up in the quarter. I know you gave a little bit of color on here but is your outlook for additional improvement in early stage credit quality, unique here is the next few quarters? And is this kind of in your terms, a seasonal hick up? I just kind of want to hear your outlook and some of these earlier signs?
Stephen D. Steinour: Yes, I think on the consumer side, I do think that as I've mentioned with this, you take the securitization out and we basically have flat and Reg E was down a little bit, home equity was up a little bit, so I don't -- we're not troubled at this point but this is a trend. We think that there'll be modest, continued improvement there. Similarly on the commercial side in terms of new inflows, obviously, I can't argue with the numbers. Inflows were up. However, there were a few events in the quarter that boost that number up higher than what we think is just normal downgrade activity and therefore, we're watching it closely, but feel that -- don't feel that, that is necessarily the beginning of a trend either. So we're on top of it. We feel pretty good about where we stand today and again on the commercial side, as I mentioned, we think there's negligible loss content in the new inflows.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay and then just a follow up, on the $1 billion auto securitization, I was wondering if you give us a few details on the structure. So I was kind of looking for what was the aggregate size of the equity tranche or the residual and then how much did you retain? And then also, under what circumstances would Huntington be able to consolidate some of the more senior tranches back on its balance sheet?
Donald R. Kimble: Great question. As far as securitization and whether the $1 billion, the residual interest, represented about $28 million of $1 billion. It was solid proof that we retained 0 of the securitization. Now we do have a mere pool of assets, which represents 5% of that balance that we do keep on our balance sheet. And it's more a response to be expected regulatory guidance as far as how to keep a similar retained interest but do not have any expectations at this point in time that, that would come back on the balance sheet. But we do have the opportunity once it narrows, I believe, to less than 5% of the outstanding balance as -- we might have an opportunity to repurchase, but that'll be a probably a minimis cleanup type of transaction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Actually, I want to follow up to what you just said. So as -- if going forward, let's say, there was a big drop in the Manheim in one quarter that affected auto valuations. With the $15.5 million gain ever be subject to a true up our is it just once you booked the $15.5 million, it's booked and there's no risk of a true up going forward?
Donald R. Kimble: There is no risk there as far as that true up. We do have a servicing asset on our balance sheet but it's slight and we'll continue to value that over time but there is no risk to recapture that $15 million.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: And then I missed the beginning of the call, so if you already went over this, just stop me. But in the mortgage business, on origination and gain on sale, most of the banks seem to be down 20% on origination and almost flat on gain on sale margin, maybe, down a little bit year-over-year. Whereas -- as your business has shrunk more than that, is that -- was that a conscious decision or did you pull back from some geography or I guess why origination is down so much and gain on sale down further still?
Donald R. Kimble: On a year-over-year basis, we did have a much stronger origination volumes in the third and fourth quarter of last year that the 3 quarters this year are all fairly consistent. As far as originations ranked from $916 million in the second quarter, then $953 million in the third quarter. We did not change originations or locations or any other sources to the extent that our book today is primarily retail source. From our MROs, and it doesn't have anything in the way of our third-party sources that started the originations stream.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Do that -- I mean, I guess does that imply that going forward, when refi goes up and down, we should expect your originations to not move as much? Or I guess, I'm not clear why originations will only be up whatever, it was 5% quarter-over-quarter when a lot of the other banks saw much bigger increases on a linked-quarter basis from the refi boom?
Donald R. Kimble: I'd say we're trying to maintain or manage our pricing there to -- that delivered the bottom line for us, but we probably will see a little less volatility than many of our peers from that perspective. Let's say, application volumes are up significantly and so we should see some higher origination volumes sort of fourth quarter based on that pipeline, but probably not as volatile as many of the peers might show.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller of FBR.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: Yes, I also missed the beginning of the call, on your loan growth, can you talk about what industry -- if you already addressed this, I apologize guys. But on your loan growth, I know you're mainly -- Ohio or Michigan, what state is doing better versus the other? We hear Michigan is doing a lot better, and I think a lot of people expect it. And then what industry seems to be doing very well up in that area?
Daniel J. Neumeyer: This is Dan. I think the -- industry-wide, the new originations, really, are coming -- they're very much in line with what our typical portfolio distribution is. Manufacturing has served us very well. You're right. In Michigan, the auto suppliers have -- they're now healthy. We've had the fallout of the weak players and the survivors are quite strong, and so we've been very interested in that market. But if you look at the new originations compared to our overall portfolio, you would see very consistent numbers, and that would be whether you're looking at business banking, middle market or a large corporate, you would not see a big change. Now we are targeting certain business lines. Obviously, our large corporate has gotten up to speed over the last year. More activity in ABL, equipment finance and so forth, but we have good organic growth coming out of the middle market both in all our regions but I would say, Ohio and Michigan particularly.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: And then on the acquisition front, I believe that -- a couple of questions on, would you extend your footprint on the Auto. Is there any other areas you'll be -- you expand your footprint in? You've some other companies getting equipment leasing or other asset type classes. Is there any plans to expand in those areas?
Stephen D. Steinour: We have -- we made investments in late '09 and '10 in equipment finance and in large corporate. We're generally set at this point.
Paul J. Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co., Research Division: What about -- you said -- and then on the M&A front, you haven't really -- a lot of people predicted a lot more M&A than we're seeing out there, and I think it's because the bid/ask prices are so wide apart. Are you getting any inquiries from small local guys that maybe want to get out of the business because of overregulation or is it still pretty quiet out there?
Stephen D. Steinour: We are getting inquiries. They don't quite phrase it that way but there may be a little bit of fatigue and angst about combination of reinvest challenge concentration risk issues, regulatory activity, including pending Dodd-Frank impacts. But it's -- there is a -- I would say that generally still a bid/ask call. And yes, we grow every quarter now what we used to grow a year in terms of consumer checking households. In 2010, we have 30,000 household growths, we're doing that in a quarter. And so we're going to keep driving the machine organically and hopefully, aggressively. And if something comes along that makes sense or right price, we'd look hard at it but it would have to be on our terms.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Long with Raymond James.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Looking at the third quarter, you had almost $2 billion of core CDs mature, and I was curious as to when in the quarter most of those may have matured, and then where did they go, what type of yields would they have been reinvested in?
Donald R. Kimble: Great question, David. We did have about $2 billion maturity, and the average rate on that maturity was 2.63%. It's interesting each of the month throughout the third quarter that average rate for that maturity bucket increased to where in the third quarter -- third month of the quarter September, it was over 3% kind of rate for that. So we really haven't seen a lot of benefit from that repricing in the third quarter that we will see in the fourth quarter. The average go-to rate for our CD originations was under 70 basis points. I think it was around a 165-basis-point range and tended to have around a 2-year average duration to it.
Stephen D. Steinour: As you look at the -- as you look forward, David, at sort of our cost of funds and compare us to other regionals, we have some pricing opportunity in the portfolio and some of that'll come through a change in mix and some of it is probably of an opportunity within the class.
David J. Long - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Right, so you had mentioned a formal initiative to lower the cost of funds and the impact would be more visible in the fourth quarter. On the initiative, is that separate from the CDs maturing? And then what may have been the impact in the third quarter versus what we can see in the fourth quarter?
Donald R. Kimble: I would say it's part of it. I'd say that later in the third quarter, we would implement it a little bit more later in some of the pricing strategy and so our go-to rates or our time deposits are lower now today than what they were throughout most of the third quarter. We've also had some similar efforts on the money market, deposit pricing. And toward the end of the quarter, we also started to see a lot more benefit from some of the commercial relationships bringing in some additional balances to their existing relationships, which help to drive the cost down. So I think it will be a part of the overall effort.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Andrew Marquardt from Evercore Partners.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Can you just help me understand on the credit quality, NPAs and net charge-offs should continue to decline, but how should we think about provisions, should that match charge-offs from here on or should we continue to see reserve release?
Stephen D. Steinour: I think we've pretty much if you look at our level of provision, that's pretty much at a kind of core level, what we would expect to see on an ongoing basis. It may move quarter-over-quarter a little bit, but I think we're generally in the range. And I guess that there might be a little bit of movement but that's based on quarterly developments. But...
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: But does that imply, actually maybe, if charge-offs can see the decline that reserves would actually build from here?
Stephen D. Steinour: Well, I think right now we have very strong coverage levels and the portfolio is improving. So I wouldn't necessarily see a build, no. But we have a lot of -- when we have periods of a lot of volatility like the third quarter, we talked -- I mentioned briefly, concerns with Europe, concerns with change in confidence as a consequence of the debt issues in Washington that we're going to be prudent. We're going to be conservative with our views on risk.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Got it. That's helpful.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thanks Andrew.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, pretax, pre-provision earnings, any sense of how that should trend from here. It came in a little bit lower than what you were looking for obviously. Last quarter, should it hold at kind of the $240 million level or should it kind of continue to drift down because of the Durbin and other things near term?
Donald R. Kimble: I would say that it's a little lower than what we probably would have thought coming into the quarter but it's more reflective of some of the costs that we have talked, whether it's a conversion cost or some of the other items that caused that to be slightly lower than expectation. As far as the impact, what we talked about, our guidance shows that we do expect the Durbin impact to have about a $16 million reduction to fee income that we think offsetting that will be continued modest improvement in net interest income. We think we'll see continued improvement in other fee categories like deposit service charges were up $4.5 million this past quarter. And we think the expense levels absent the conversion type of cost will return to more normal levels. So we think that those efforts will offset the impact of Durbin.
Andrew Marquardt - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: So this is probably a good run rate for now until kind of the macro improves, is that fair?
Stephen D. Steinour: I'd say, generally that's in line with expectations, but just because of the challenge that you talked about whether the macro economic outlook or interest rate environment overall.
Jay Gould: Okay. This is Jay Gould. I want to thank you all for participating in the call today. If you have further questions, feel free to call me as you always do. We will see you next quarter. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Stephen Steinour - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank Donald Kimble - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Treasurer Nicholas Stanutz - Senior Executive Vice President, Senior Executive President of Huntington National Bank and Group Manager of Dealer Sales - Huntington National Bank Jay Gould - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Robert Patten - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.
Operator: Good morning. My name is Michelle, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome, everyone to the Huntington National Bank Second Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Jay Gould, please go ahead with your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you, Michelle, and welcome, everyone. I'm Jay Gould, the Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing today can be found on our website huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about 1 hour from the close of the call. Please call the Investor Relations department at (614) 480-5676 for more information on how to access the records or playback or should you have difficulty getting copies of the slides. Slides 2 through 4 notes several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these as always, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe it is helpful to understanding Huntington's results of operations or financial position. Where the non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measure as well as a reconciliation to it can be found in the slide presentation and its appendix, in the earnings press release, quarterly financial review, quarterly performance discussion or in the related form 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website as well. Turning now to Slide 5. Today's discussion, including the Q&A period, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now turning to today's presentation in Slide 6. Participating today are Stephen Steinour, President and CEO; Don Kimble, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dan Neumeyer, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer; Nick Stanutz, Senior Executive Vice President and Head of Automobile Finance and Commercial Real Estate. Also present is Todd Beekman, Senior Vice President, Assistant Director of Investor Relations. Let's get started turning to Slide 7. Steve?
Stephen Steinour: Welcome, everyone. I'll begin with a review of our second quarter performance highlights. After my overview, Don will follow with his recap of our financial performance. Dan Neumeyer will provide an update on credit. Nick Stanutz will provide an update on our indirect auto segment. I'll then return for an update on our Fair Play and OCR, our optimal customer relationship strategy and a discussion of our expectations for the remainder of the year. Turning to Slide 8. We reported $145.9 million or $0.16 a share. For the quarter, this represented a 15% improvement to net income from the first quarter. We were also very pleased to announce that the board has approved an increase of a quarterly common stock dividend of $0.04 per share from $0.01 per share. The dividend is payable October 3, 2011, to shareholders of record on September 19. Based on yesterday's closing stock price of $6.31, this equates to an annual dividend yield of 2.5%. The board and management have been evaluating the company's capital position as we previously reported and its ability to organically generate capital. As such, we're very pleased with our financial strength, and performance had impacted -- and improved to the point that it enabled us to take this action. We view dividends as an important component of generating overall shareholder returns. We have established a targeted payout ratio or range, I should say, of 20% to 30% of net income. This is another step forward for our shareholders.  Overall, we're pleased with the second quarter results, representing our sixth consecutive quarterly increase in earnings, and it shows the progress we're making on a number of financial strategic fronts. Ultimately, it comes down to the level of returns we generate for the owners of the company. This quarter, our ROA of 1.11% took the low end of our long-term targeted range, but we entered that range this quarter. And nevertheless, we're disappointed that our $242.6 million in pretax pre-provision income was lower than expected as we elected not to expand the balance sheet.  We elected not to expand the balance sheet due to our view of risk adjusted returns and impacting pretax, pre-provision, also were expenses that were higher than expected. Don will provide some additional detail in a few minutes. Fully-taxable equivalent revenue increased at $17.7 million or 3%. This reflected an $18.8 million or 8% increase in noninterest income as we saw increases in service charges on deposit accounts, electronic banking income and capital markets activity.  Net interest income increased only $1.1 million, meaningfully lower than what we had anticipated due to a balance sheet that was roughly $1 billion smaller than we previously expected. We shrank the sheet as an absolute level of interest rates and added competitive pressure on money market, and CD rates did not allow us to find attractive spread on these securities. As a result, average securities decreased $515 million or 21% annualized. Mortgage originations remained at a relatively stable level with the first quarter, but we saw a $239 million decline in average loans available for sale. The negative impact of these declines was partially offset by $437 million or 5% annualized growth in average total loans and leases. This was led by very strong growth in average C&I and indirect auto loans with annualized growth rates of 8% and 18%, respectively.  The net interest margin decreased 2 basis points to 3.40%. NIM continued to positively impacted by the mixed shift to lower cost deposits, but the primary negative influences on net interest margin were lower loan yields and lower income from hedging derivatives. Noninterest expense declined $2.3 million or just under 1%. Turning to Slide 9. Credit quality again showed improvement with a 41% linked quarter decline in net charge-offs and a 3% decline in nonaccrual loans. Our provision for credit loss has declined $13.6 million to $35.8 million, representing an annualized rate of 37 basis points of period-end loans. Our reserve coverage of total loans and nonaccrual loans of 2.84% and 181%, respectively, remain at healthy levels given recent economic trends. In May, we first introduced to you some of our metrics around OCR and provided an update on some of the early successes of our Fair Play banking philosophy. During the second quarter, we launched our Asterisk-Free and Huntington Plus Checking accounts. We believe these represent the best checking account offerings in our markets, if not the country.  Customers agree as we experienced accelerated consumer checking household growth of nearly 10% annualized for the first half of 2011. These new households are not just focused around a single service. With use of our new sales process and MAX, our relationship management system, we've been able to continue to grow our share of wallet with new and existing customers. Now more than 71% of our consumer checking household customers have 4 or more products or services.  Household growth and increased cross-sell increased total consumer checking household revenue by 5% from the first quarter of 2011. We're now 6% above the levels in the second quarter of last year and have overcome the impacts from both Fair Play and Reg E. Internal capital generation continued to improve. Our period-end tangible common ratio is 8.22%, up 41 basis plus, and our Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased to 9.92%, up 17 bps. Our regulatory Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios ended the quarter at 12.14% and 14.89%. Turning to Slide 10. We continue to move forward with our positioning growth with the implementation of strategic initiatives designed to accelerate customer growth, increase convenience and grow revenue. As I just mentioned, today we launched the Asterisk-Free Checking and Huntington Plus accounts. We continue to increase convenience and create the best experience for our customers.  We rolled out mobile applications for Android and iPhones. We now have 19 Giant Eagle in-store branches opened, and we'll have over 30 opened by the end of the year. While it's still early, the initial in-store branches are ahead of plan and look to be on the path to break even before our goal of 24 months. We also implemented extended hours in all of our banking markets.  Michigan is a key market for us, and we've been heavily investing in it for the last 2 years and as a result -- or as part of our commitment to Michigan and to our Midwest footprints, we announced a groundbreaking public-private partnership with the State of Michigan and the Michigan Economic Development Corporation by committing $2 billion in commercial and small business lending throughout the state over the next 4 years. Huntington's expertise in small business lending made it the #1 SBA lender in our region, inclusive of Michigan.  So now let me turn to Don to review the financial details.
Donald Kimble: Thanks, Steve. Slide 11 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trends. Many of the performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation, so let's move on.  As shown on Slide 12, our net income for the second quarter was $145.9 million or $0.16 per share. The $33.7 million increase in pretax income reflected the benefits of an $18.9 million increase in noninterest income, a $13.6 million decline in provision expense and a $2.3 million decrease in noninterest expense, which were partially offset by $1 million decrease in net interest income. I will detail these changes in subsequent slides.  Turning to Slide 13. We show the trends on our revenues and pretax pre-provision on the left-hand side of the slide. Primary reflecting the lack of growth in interest income, our 2011 second quarter pretax pre-provision performance did not improve as much as expected. With interest rates continuing at their absolute low levels, reinvestment rates available to us barely exceeded the incremental cost to grow interest-bearing deposits.  Given this environment, our deposit growth efforts focused on low or no cost transaction accounts, allowing some of our interest-bearing deposit categories to decline. This, combined with a slightly lower loan growth than we originally expected resulted in a smaller earning asset base with over $1 billion for the quarter. Our expense level did not decline as much as expected, reflecting a temporary increase in deposit and other insurance costs and higher levels of professional services.  Slide 14 depicts the trends of our net interest income and margin. During the second quarter, our fully-taxable equivalent net interest income declined by $1 million, reflecting a 2 basis point decrease in our net interest margin to 3.40%, and a $0.3 billion decrease to our average earning asset base.  The 2 basis point decline in net interest margin reflected the impact of 3 primary factors: first, an 8 basis point increase from the reduction in deposit rates and improvement in deposit mix; next, a 7 basis point reduction related to the impact of the extended low rate environment on loan yields.  This quarter, on Page 9 of the quarterly financial review, we provided the impact of swaps on our commercial loan yields. This summary shows that our commercial loan yields, absent the impact of swaps, only declined by 1 basis point this past quarter despite a 6 basis point decline in LIBOR. So our pricing remains disciplined, that is our C&I loan growth reflects our increased efforts of generating new loans, but this growth is not a result of discounted pricing. Finally, a 5 basis point reduction coming from lower benefit from interest rate swaps. This reduction reflected the impact of previous termination of swaps. Our forecast would show a very modest reduction in this line item going forward assuming the rates remain at their current level. Continuing onto Slide 15, we showed continued improvement on deposit mix over the last 5 quarter. We reduced our noncore and core CDs from 29% to 24% of total average deposits. Perhaps more important is the increase in the DDA balances over the last 3 quarters, as this category has increased from 30% to 34% of our total average deposits. The improved deposit mix reflects the efforts of Fair Play banking for the consumer category and our treasury management focus for our commercial businesses. Also of note, third quarter begins another round of higher rate time deposit maturities, with $1.9 billion maturing at an average rate paid of 2.63%. Turning to Slide 16. We showed a $0.2 billion decline in average core deposits. This was driven by our decision to run down some of our higher cost money market accounts and CD accounts and replace them with significantly lower cost demand deposits.  Slide 17 shows the trends on our loan and lease portfolio. Total commercial loans are flat. This reflected the anticipated growth in commercial and industrial offset by the decline in commercial real estate balances. The $0.2 billion or 8% annualized increase in C&I loans came from several business segments including business banking, large corporate, middle market, asset-based lending and equipment finance.  Total consumer loans were up $0.5 billion from the previous quarter. The $0.3 billion increase in average automobile loans and leases reflected continued strong originations of $1 billion this past quarter. These originations continue to reflect very high credit quality and reasonable returns.  We did see a small linked quarter increase in both home equity and residential real estate loans. This growth reflected the stronger origination activities from our retail franchise. Slide 18 shows the trend in our noninterest income, which increased $18.8 million or 8% from the prior quarter. This reflected increases in service charges on deposit accounts and electronic banking income of $6.4 million and $2.9 million, respectively, primarily due to seasonal factors. Other income increased $7.3 million or 19%, reflecting improvements in various capital markets-related activities and revenues. Electronic banking income in the third quarter is expected to increase modestly from the second quarter levels. We will anticipate fourth quarter levels will decline about 50% as the new debit interchange fee structure is implemented on October 1. We also expect to see continued growth in earnings contribution from other key fee income activities, including capital markets, treasury management services, brokerage and all reflecting the impact of our cross-sell and product penetration initiatives throughout the company as well as deposit impact from our strategic initiatives. The next part is a summary of our expense trends. Total expenses were down $2.3 million from the prior quarter. This reflected an $18.2 million decline in other expense as the first quarter included a $17 million in addition to the litigation reserves. For this reason, and as Steve noted, we're disappointed that the decline was not greater.  The benefit of the decline was partially offset by increases in professional services of $6.6 million, deposit and another insurance expense of $5.9 million, outside data processing and other services of $3.6 million and marketing costs of $3.2 million. The increased professional services was higher than originally expected and reflected the incremental costs, therefore, and evaluate the impact of Dodd-Frank and other regulatory changes. The increase for deposit and another insurance was temporary and should return to levels consistent with that in the first quarter and for the second half of this year. Slide 20 reflects the trends in our capital position. Each of our ratios improved over the prior quarter, reflecting the strong internal capital generation. The TCE ratio increased by 41 basis points to 8.22%, and our Tier 1 common ratio improved by 17 basis points to 9.92%. Both these ratios reinforce our message of having a very strong capital position. As Steve mentioned, the board has increased the quarterly common dividend to $0.04 per share. Along with that increase, the board has established a targeted payout range of 20% to 30% of net income, and this declared dividend falls within the middle of that range. Even with the targeted payout range, going forward, we expect organic capital generation to drive continued growth from today's level of capital. Let met turn the presentation over to Dan Neumeyer to review the credit trends. Dan?
Daniel Neumeyer: Thanks, Don. Slide 21 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. The second quarter continued to exhibit improved credit quality trends in both commercial and consumer loans. Notably, the net charge-off ratio fell significantly from 1.73% annualized in the first quarter to 1.01% in the second quarter. This reflected the results of our proactive recognition of emerging problem loans and focus on aggressive resolution that has been underway for the past 2 years. The improvement was broad-based, but was particular evident in the commercial segments, which experienced significant reduction despite a still anemic economic environment. Loans 90 days plus past due and accruing continued to fall and were 15 basis points on total loans at the end of the quarter, the lowest level experienced in several years. Delinquencies, in general, continued to show improvement in both the commercial and consumer segments in both 30- and 90-day categories. There are slides in the appendix that detail these trends. The nonaccrual loans, nonperforming assets and criticized asset ratios all showed continued improvement in the quarter, although the improvement was slowed somewhat by an uptick in problem loan inflows.  The allowance for loan and lease losses and the allowance for credit loss ratios fell modestly to 2.74% and 2.84% from 2.96% and 3.07%, respectively. The coverage ratios remain very strong, however, as the lower allowance levels were offset with lower nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets. The ALLL and ACL to NPA ratios actually remained flat quarter-over-quarter. Slide 22 shows the trends in our nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets. The chart on the left demonstrates the continued reduction in the level of both nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets.  Nonaccrual loans fell 3.5% in the quarter. With regard to nonaccrual inflows depicted on the right-hand side, we did experience a small uptick in the quarter. We view this increase as reflective of the uneven nature of the commercial activity, including several unrelated credits that migrated in the quarter, rather than a reversal of the positive trend that's been developing and that is expected to continue. Slide 23 provides a reconciliation of our nonperforming asset flow. NPAs fell by 5% in the quarter. The increased inflows were more than offset by a stable level of loans returning to accrual status, loan and lease losses, payments, along with a modest level of loan sales.  Turning to Slide 24. We provide similar flow analysis of our commercial criticized loans. Over the past year, we've seen a consistent decline in the level of commercial criticized loans. As already mentioned, criticized inflows were up in the quarter, although this inflow is more than offset by the level of upgrades to Pass during that same period. Along with pay downs and charge-offs, this resulted in an 11% reduction in criticized commercial from the prior quarter. Reviewing Slide 25, the loan loss provision of $35.8 million was lower than net charge-offs by $61.7 million. The ratio of ACL to NAL fell slightly to 181% from 185%, although this level of coverage remains very strong and we expect we'll continue to compare favorably with our peer banks. Given the continued improvement in the risk profile of the portfolio as evidenced by virtually all of our key credit metrics, we view the resulting ACL ratio of 2.84% as sufficient and appropriate. Overall, we remain very pleased with the direction of credit quality across the portfolio and expect continued improvements the subsequent quarters.  Now let's turn the presentation over to Nick Stanutz.
Nicholas Stanutz: Thanks, Dan. Turning to Slide 26. For the last 6 months, there has been an increasing level of attention on Huntington's indirect automobile portfolio. Today I'd like to provide additional data that should help clarify most of the questions and/or issues that are asked about this business.  In the next 3 slides I will: one, show you Huntington has been able to hold pricing higher relative to the industry, while at the same time originating record production by expanding into Eastern Pennsylvania and the New England markets, all the while maintaining our strong underwriting standards; two, describe to you the current portfolio by vintages and rates, so you can see the loan pricing has mirrored the decline in 2-year swap rates, the rate of decline has significantly decelerated over the last year and a half, still leaving us with sufficient margins; and three, provide you with details that this bank, not the manufactured captive finance companies that have a dominant market share position in the financing of new and used vehicles sold to franchise dealers, which is our core market focus. Captives have minimal market share of the used segment, which is as large as the new segment and which account for over half of our auto loan production. These captives mission is to support the manufacturing and selling of new vehicles to consumers. They do not play in the used vehicle space where we do.  As you know, we originate super prime indirect automobile loans. The chart on the left shows the industry rate for super prime new and used vehicles. Our originations had an average FICO score of 760 and have been very stable for years. Huntington's comparable rates are shown on the right, again, segregated between new and used autos.  With regards to loans on new vehicles, the average rate in 2011 first quarter for super prime loans were 3.64%. This rate was down 74 basis points from the year earlier. For Huntington, our average rate in 2011 first quarter was 4.27%, or 63 basis points higher than the industry average. Further, this was down 34 basis points from the prior year or less than half the industry decline in similar super prime credits. The story is similar for used car loans. For the industry, the average rate in the 2011 first quarter for super prime loans is 5.06%, a 95 basis point drop from a year earlier. In contrast, our average rate in the 2011 first quarter was 5.86%, or 80 basis points higher than the comparable industry average. Further, this was only down 7 basis points from the prior year or 88 basis points less than the industry decline for similar super prime credits. As show in the table on the right, our combined yield is basically in line with the decline in the 2-year swap rates. The question I get asked most frequently is how do we accomplish these metrics? You've heard me say it starts with our long-standing, unwavering history of support for the dealer community. For over 60 years, we have been there for the dealers regardless of the cycle.  In 2009, auto industry uncertainties allowed us to once again demonstrate our support for dealers. When companies like Allied couldn't provide their historical support, we were there. Our business model is quite unique. It is local, which is very different from our competition. By having sales and underwriting in the local market, we know our dealers, we know our economies and they know us. The combination of longevity, commitment, being local and easy to do business with collectively drive our results. Keep in mind that when a dealership uses our rates, which might be 20 to 50 basis points higher than the market, that only increases the monthly payment of the customer by $5 to $10. Good experienced F&I managers can sell that all day long to applicants. The bottom line is that for those loans that are in and out of this market who operate on the fringes, they can only compete on rates. This is their only option.  On the other hand, for Huntington, where we compete on the total relationship and total service provided basis, that is the difference. This makes us best in class in not only things like approval time, like, 4 seconds or less on 75% of our applications or on our same-day funding of loan contracts, our dealer-centric approach gives us pricing leverage and superior dealer loyalty. Slide 27 shows automobile loan origination vintages that currently comprise our $6.2 billion automobile portfolio. The average rate for our customers in this portfolio is 5.91%. The key points are decline in yields throughout our entire portfolio over the last 2.5 years has been slightly greater than 150 basis points. Importantly, that decline is slowing because over 70% of our current production had been originated in the last 18 months at an average rate of close to 5%. And while there continues to simply runoff of our older higher yielding loan, the increase origination volume and resulting increase balance levels more than offset the impact in dollars to the net interest income. Turning to Slide 28. I would like to dispel the notion that what banks do in the auto finance space is driven or dictated by the captives. This graph shows the relative percentage of new and used vehicle financing markets allocated between the major players.  Banks are the largest player in this market with nearly 40% of the total volumes and nearly double that of the manufacturer. This is because the market for new only includes that, but not -- also the used vehicle market. As a matter fact, the used vehicle market sold through franchise dealers is just as large as the new markets.  So whenever you hear the industry talk about the new vehicles seller rate being whatever, the used vehicle market is just as large as the new. Therefore, when you add the 2 markets together, the new and the used as shown here, banks dominate. In fact, captives represent less than 10% of the used car market, and that is significant for us when you consider that over 50% of our originations are used vehicle loans.  Let me turn the presentation back to Steve
Stephen Steinour: Turning to Slide 29. As I mentioned in my opening comments, our Fair Play banking philosophy has been strongly resonating in the market and driving new customers for Huntington. Along with these new customers, we continue to benefit from higher retention rates.  In May, we reported our consumer checking household growth. At that time, first quarter 2011 growth was running at a 9.1% annualized rate or 1.6% above our initial plan. Over the second quarter, several competitors announced they were adding fees or reducing product features to try to offset lost revenue. Customers reacted. Our consumer checking household growth further accelerated. I'm very happy to report that our annualized growth rate for the first half was nearly 10%. This is more than 30% above the initial goals we set last September and more than a threefold increase compared to what we were generating in 2009. Turning to Slide 30, where we show the product penetration trends. Our optimal customer relationships we refer to as OCR is more than just getting new customers to the door and keeping the old ones happy. The key to our strategy is to grow Huntington's share of wallet from the total base of customers.  Driving this is a broad ray of services and products coupled with the rigorous and disciplined sales management process, all of which is supported by robust sales and cross referral technology. Over the last 4 quarters, we've increased the percent of households with 4 or more products from just over 68% to now over 71%.  While that might seem -- or like, while it might not seem like a large number, remember that the entire customer base of over $1 million households is reflected in the number. So even if you don't factor the new accounts, this means that we sold over 30,000 new products and services just this quarter alone. Turning to Slide 31. You can see that this has resulted in a significant positive impact of customer checking account household revenue. Total customer checking account household revenue in the second quarter was $260 million. That's an increase of $11 million or 5% from the first quarter. What we believe is even more meaningful is that consumer checking household revenue is $15 million or 6% higher than the year ago quarter, but growth in checking account households and deeper banking relationships has more than offset the impacts from our Fair Play action, our investments in Fair Play, and Reg E.  Turning to Slide 32. I just want to recap our current thinking. The economy, we expect to be stable but not to meaningfully improve, and this is an adjustment from our perspective just a quarter or so ago. We expect this for the remainder of the year. We're seeing fragility, early signs of it in borrower and consumer confidence in the second quarter that we, a couple of quarters ago, did not anticipate as well.  Our net interest margin should be stable and with regard to loan growth, we expect the recent trends to continue with their overall modest loan growth, driven by continued strong growth in auto loans, meaningful growth in commercial industrial loans, modest growth in home equity being offset by expected declines -- continuing declines in commercial real estate portfolio. We anticipate fee income growth will be mixed as we see continued growth related to Fair Play banking, positioning, strategic initiatives and other key banking activities. In the fourth quarter, we expect implementation of the new interchange fee structure will reduce electronic banking income by approximately 50% from the second quarter levels.  Noninterest expense is expected to be relatively stable as continued investment and strategic initiatives should be offset by continued low credit costs -- credit-related costs and improve expense efficiencies. Nonaccrual loans and net charge-offs are expected to continue to decline throughout the rest of the year. The primary driver of net income growth throughout the rest of the year is that we expected modest revenue growth coupled with disciplined expense control.  In closing, while there was many positive aspects of the quarter as we continue to drive for higher and more stable returns, there were some aspects where we can do better and we will do better.  So thank you for your interest. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Steve, I just wanted to ask you about the rate of expenses versus the rate of revenue improvement. You're obviously still -- I guess if you can just tell us your rate of incremental investment versus trying to hold the line against the flattening out in pretax, pre-provision. What levers do you have? Have you changed at all the way you're thinking about investments versus letting some fall to the bottom line if revenue get a little tougher?
Stephen Steinour: We're working at that dynamically now. Some of our expense increase in the second quarter was related to Dodd-Frank issues where we're, frankly, trying to get ahead. An example would be hearing what some of the large mortgage servicers we're working on. We invested in looking at our shop based on what seem to be emerging standards with outside consultants. So there will be continued investments in the business segments as well. But at this point, with the change in our economic outlook, we'll be rationing those investments more dynamically than we had anticipated at the start of the year, Ken.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. My second question is just on the NIM. With the swap income pretty much robust and pretty big deposit repricing still to come in the back half of the year, stable margin seems pretty conservative. So can you give us the puts and takes with regards to what you're expecting on loan yields versus what you're expecting on liability costs?
Daniel Neumeyer: That's a great question, Ken. We do expect the loan yields to continue about the same level. As we talked about, our commercial loan yields on average after your backup the swap impact, are fairly flat, have been relatively consistent over the last 5 quarters. If you take a look at that commercial loan yield and back off funding from the money market account growth, you're not at that 340-plus type of margin. And so that's why we think even though with the improved mix of the deposits, the growth will still maintain a relatively stable margin going forward.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: So the delta would just be if loan growth keeps up with -- so could the margin go up as loan growth keeps up with deposit growth?
Daniel Neumeyer: I'm sorry, if the loan growth keeps up with -- can you repeat the question again, Ken? I'm sorry.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Yes. So I guess if loan growth kept up with deposit growth, could the margin go up? What would be the scenario in which the margin could actually see some upside? I'm just asking if -- does the earning asset growth need to keep up with the deposit? Does the loan growth need to keep up with the deposit growth?
Daniel Neumeyer: I think you would need to see a continued shift of the balance sheet away from investments to see those margins improved. And so to your point, if deposit growth funds the loans growth and you keep the portfolio stable, there could be some opportunity there for some slight expansion.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Just on the C&I guidance, you're talking about meaningful C&I or meaningful growth in C&I. What's the sensitivity around that? I mean, how -- obviously, you've had some improvement in C&I so far, but are you looking at an acceleration in C&I? And how confident are you that you can actually get that given your initiatives versus sort of the more cautious economic outlook?
Donald Kimble: Ken, this is Don. As far as our outlook, for each of the last 3 quarters, we've been growing C&I loans on an annualized basis of 8% to 10%. We would continue to expect to have growth rates in that range. And so it's really been a reflection of the concerted effort we've had as far as the call in activities and the execution of our sales efforts throughout the organization. And so we still believe that will continue. Some of the challenges against that, to be honest, there are just potential concerns about the economy. So we have seen it slowed in this past quarter, and then Steve said we think it's a little bit more fragile. And we are continuing to see more aggressive pricing from the competitors, and we want to maintain our pricing discipline. But we're seeing more aggressive pricing on large corporates and large middle markets and even going into the more regular middle market lending and also on the floor plan lending. And so we want to maintain our discipline. And at the same time, we believe, because of our sales efforts, we can drive consistent growth from that 8% to 10% range.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Understood. And then just on -- in terms of the CD portfolio. I think you mentioned $1.9 billion of higher rate CDs coming due. As those continue to, I guess, reprice lower, right, and the customers are determining whether or not they want to stay with the bank or they leave the bank, are you comfortable shrinking the securities portfolio as a result of that such as your balance sheet shrinks? Or do you actually -- or do you think that loan growth could actually help offset the security reduction, hence, flattish balance sheet going forward?
Donald Kimble: Our expectation would be is that the balance sheet should be flat to up, and that's driven by the loan growth. And as you saw this past quarter, we worked on for allowing that CD book to decline, and the investment portfolio declined just because we didn't think the risk reward was in balance for us. That if you look at where our alternative investment yields were for, say, a 3-year related type of asset, it didn't provide enough margin for us to raise the rates on growing the deposit book, and also concern in this rising rate environment that we didn't want to put our lower rate, lower yielding investments in our portfolio.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Understood. And that's exactly what I was asking because it almost seemed that the scenario is about the same again this quarter, but you're a little more confident in your ability to grow loans to offset the balance sheet reduction.
Donald Kimble: We are confident that we can continue to grow commercial. We have a good track record as far as the indirect. And as you can also see, if you look at the end of period deposit balances, they're flat with where we were for the average for the quarter. And so that gives us some confidence we can maintain that as well perspectively.
Stephen Steinour: Ken, we also are using a strategy of moving some of the CD maturities into our investment portfolio. We've got a very strong broker-dealer. So there's a customer sort of management retention element to this as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Miller from FDR.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Steve, relative to competition out there, especially some of your large competitors in your region have talked about very aggressively growing their loan book in somewhat of a, I still think, a flat environment. Are you seeing increased competition from some of your bigger regionals in your footprint? I know a year ago you thought that a lot of these other guys were focused on other regions. I'm just wondering if that's still the case.
Stephen Steinour: Well, the Midwest has performed relatively well over the last year. A consequence of that is just probably a little more competition than there might have been a year ago. The manufacturing sector of the U.S. economy, for example, you would see performing again relatively well, whether it's a combination of market circumstances, including foreign exchange, things like that, for exporters. And we're going to -- our footprint is in the manufacturing zone. So we are a little more competitive, to bottom line your answer.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And on the price side, there are a couple of banks that we've talked to said that if the banks that are better growing their portfolios are really being price competitive, are you able -- I know you talked about the auto side of it, that you're able to maintain your higher rates while also growing the book. Are you finding that across-the-board on the C&I and commercial also with your relationships?
Stephen Steinour: We are, and we had some noise in the first quarter number related to our derivative position and how we have allocated it into various books. We've tried to with disclosures make it very clear what was price pressure flow-through versus hedging. And hopefully, we'll be able to do that. Essentially, we're flat within a couple basis points year-over-year.
Donald Kimble: And Paul, you want to take a look at Page 9 of that quarterly summary, it shows the detail in the bottom of that page where we break out the commercial loan yield trends versus what the impact of the swaps.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: I'm just wondering, like, are you continuing to seeing that favorable trend? I mean, we're just hearing a lot of anecdotal evidence of some people really coming into different areas and undercutting people. I'm just wondering, I know relationship banking is your bread and butter. I'm just wondering if that's starting to show itself in your region?
Stephen Steinour: It's more competitive today, Paul. It's not sort of at a feverish pitch. It's likely to be more competitive in the future than less as well, but there's not some massive sea change that has occurred over the last quarter or 2 from what we can tell because of our forward pipeline management. We don't see a sea change at least in the near term.
Operator: Your next question comes from of Brian Foran from Nomura.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: Just following up on the auto detail, which was very helpful. On Slide E3, you also have expected cumulative losses for each quarter of production currently running around 88 bps. So if you have a weighted average new origination rate, I guess, running just below 5% and 88 basis points expected cumulative loss, what does that translate in to in terms of incremental ROEs on new production?
Donald Kimble: Brian, this is Don, and I'll ask Nick to jump in here as well. But generally, our credit adjusted spread is just around 2.25%. And we've been maintaining that for some time. And as far as ROAs and ROEs, that we're probably closer to the 1% ROA. And we're also looking at the ROEs in being in the midteens. Keep in mind that cum loss estimate is for the life of the loan. And so if you got a 2-year duration of that asset, the average credit costs would be in the 40 basis point range as opposed to the 88 bps that we're showing.
Brian Foran - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd.: And when you think about used car pricing, which is, I guess, currently in all-time high, but maybe there's some argument that it should be an all-time high and that's sustainable. I mean, do you use the Manheim or whatever index you use where it is today? Or do you haircut it down when you're thinking about that expected cumulative loss?
Nicholas Stanutz: Brian, the way we think about our pricing model is that we do not take into account what's going on with Manheim. We typically look at historically what cars have brought at auction. So today, we've got a tailwind because obviously, as you pointed out, the Manheim is at record levels. That does not influence our pricing model at all today because 2 years from today, there's a chance that, that is going to be different. And so we do not use something we can't control as we think about pricing, and that is obviously used car prices.
Operator: The next question comes from Tony Davis from Stifel, Nicolaus.
Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I guess to follow up on the credit demand issue here. Steve, you describe customers as fragile. Could you give us a little color maybe about where you ended the C&I backlog at the end of the quarter or as opposed to what it looked like during the quarter and sort of your sense as we sit today in terms of incremental borrowing intentions, vis--vis, say, a month or so ago?
Stephen Steinour: Let's start with the outlook, Tony. We expect that we got a steadily improving economy throughout the year, and that appear to be the case at least from our opinion based on some of the information we can access. Our pipeline, to answer your question now, was flat at the end of the quarter compared to where it began in the quarter or ended the prior quarter. And we have confidence in our near-term forecasting and disciplines around sales management of that pipeline over the last 2 years. That's been part why we project the confidence in being able to grow the book notwithstanding -- we think we have a different economic outlook today than we would have in the fourth quarter for the second half of this year.
Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And just also, I wonder if you could give us a sense about your regulatory compliance cost. You talked about professional services in Dodd-Frank. Looking back a year ago when this thing passed, any sense of what the expense increment has been to date as you add staff and gear up for reporting purposes, et cetera, that we can look at?
Donald Kimble: Tony, as far as the current quarter, I'd say it's probably about $5 million incremental spend this quarter because of complying to Dodd-Frank review and other issues like that. But more of that is just gearing up, understanding and relying on some external expertise there that we have a continuing investment in our risk management activities and functions. I think it'd be hard for us to define how much is Dodd-Frank specific, but we continue to support these initiatives as part of our objective of having an aggregate moderate to low-risk profile. And so I think it would be very difficult for us to describe how much of that increase in the risk management is attributed to just Dodd-Frank.
Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Understand, Don. Finally, Asterisk-Free, a little more color perhaps on that rollout, what your expectations were in terms of new account growth there and kind of what you're actually seeing?
Stephen Steinour: So we had a quarter that exceeded expectations as we should, Tony. Frankly, we don't know. We're challenging ourselves as to how far we can take this and whether we can sustain it, whether it's a one-time sort of moment here. But we're very pleased. We're, as I reported, we're above what we communicated last September and we had good growth quarter-over-quarter, but it's early. Asterisk-Free came out with marketing way mid-second quarter, so we need another couple of quarters to get -- to be able to answer that question with confidence, I think.
Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I did think one other one. The 75 Giant Eagle branches that are under previous banking agreements, I'm just wondering, Steve, about the timing of when the majority of those will switch over.
Stephen Steinour: The majority will be '13 and '14, Tony. I think there may be a dozen or so next year now. The situation is fluid. Our partner could elect to pullback. One of the other partners could elect to pullback, and in which case, we'd step in on an accelerated basis.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Penala from Bank of America.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: I was just wondering, and I apologize if you had already answered this in conjunction to Tony's question, but could you give us a sense of how your competitors have responded to your Asterisk-Free Checking product? Or is the response going to be it's still too early given that we just got the final Durbin rules?
Stephen Steinour: I don't think -- I think it's too early to answer you directly, just for competitive reaction, if there's going to be any. There was a lot of product change across the industry, Erika. And those product changes were just implemented if not the second or first quarter, late fourth quarter in most cases. So I'm sure there's some further adjusting that -- or I imagine there's some further adjusting that's going on. But don't expect to see any wholesale response from our competition based on where we are. Fair Play is going well from our perspective, very well. And it's benefiting both account acquisition and much stronger retention. And so I believe we've got a couple of quarters before we'll really -- and maybe longer before we'll see any sort of competitive dynamics.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And my second question was in regards to your resi and real -- your resi and home equity credit quality. I was just wondering if there was anything in particular that slowed down the improvement in these categories. Or is it just generally the economic fragility that you mentioned during your prepared remarks?
Donald Kimble: So the increase, Erika, in the nonaccruals in the quarter was just due to a policy change. We grew more conservative on our nonaccrual recognition. We moved from 180 days to 150 days, so that accounted for the addition there. And otherwise, we view the portfolio as pretty stable.
Stephen Steinour: We announced that policy change last quarter, Erika. So it's recent.
Operator: Your next question comes from Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG: It's Craig Siegenthaler from Credit Suisse. I do have one left, and I appreciate the outlooks on the C&I and auto segments. However, I'm wondering if you can provide us some help or some expectation for loan growth in both the home equity and the residential mortgage portfolios?
Daniel Neumeyer: I would assume some very modest growth in those categories, and then we would expect to see over the next several quarters continued decline from the commercial real estate book. So those would be the only categories that we didn't comment specifically.
Craig Siegenthaler - Crdit Suisse AG: And on the residential mortgage, with that new growth coming in, what's the composition there from conforming mortgages?
Daniel Neumeyer: Most of all, we keep on our balance sheet are either adjustable rate mortgages or some of our private banking type of mortgages. And so I would say the private banking, they typically wouldn't be the ones you would sell to Fannie or Freddie because they tend to be in the jumbo category. But our ARMs, generally, are underwritten with similar underwriting standards to what we have with conforming loans.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Patten from Morgan Keegan.
Robert Patten - Morgan Keegan & Company, Inc.: Steve, big picture question. I'm wondering, following up Paul's sort of question on pricing. Obviously, it's aggressive. If you look back at any cycle back to the '80s, it's never been this aggressive coming out of a credit cycle, but there's no demand. Do you think if we go forward a couple of quarters and the economy slowly gets better, with the pressure on ROEs for the larger banks, do you think this pricing is going to stabilize and start to normalize?
Stephen Steinour: Great question. I do think it will in part because I think what is happening is a combination of events will come together. First of all, we don't have size ratios in the U.S. yet. At some point, we have to get those. The higher capital charges for the larger banks, I think, will cause a rationing allocation that will go even beyond where it is today. And so to the extent pricing continues to heat a bit in some of these markets, I think it may cause a redistribution or reallocation. It's not clear to me that some other, the very large banks, in fact, won't try to manage their balance sheet size differently. So I don't think there's going to be some kind of sea change that reverts to a norm. I think it's going to be more challenging in the future, but the rate of pricing competitiveness may abate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Scott Siefers from Sandler O'Neill.
Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill: You guys have started to give some pretty good color on the consumer household revenues and stuff like that over the past couple of quarters, which I appreciate. I was wondering if you can talk about maybe household profitability, how you're looking at that. And I guess just as I look at things, the household acquisition has been very, very strong over the last several quarters, basically since you changed the strategy last year. But I think on a per household basis, the revenues are still below where they were prior even though that metrics been improving. Is there a point where you kind of targeted that to be sort of accretive relative to where you were before? Or what point do you think the change of strategy will be overall positive from a profitability standpoint?
Donald Kimble: Scott, this is Don. If we would look at here, you're right. The revenues per household is probably down slightly compared to where it was a year ago. But you got to take in consideration the Reg E and other initiatives cost us probably 8% of that revenue base. And so those were areas that were outside of our initial control. We could have gone through and charge additional fees to our customers. But we feel that the strategy we've taken on is going to be better for us in the long run. And then we think that you're seeing that flow through in a way that our low-cost demand deposit accounts are growing. Noninterest-bearing demand deposit is up 26% on an annualized basis this past quarter. Also, we consider the household growth that we're picking up. There really is a very small incremental cost to bringing that household. And so we think that the profitability is going to be maintained and retained in appropriate level. And the core piece here too is that we want to use the household relationship as a start point, so we can deepen that relationship and crossover that customer and get additional services that will differentiate us compared to where our competition may be seeing. So we're very pleased with where we are. It's still early in the process, and we think that we'll have more to come as we continue to move it forward.
Stephen Steinour: And then Scott, fundamentally, we've taken approach to try and take advantage of the cycle, notwithstanding the complications of regulation and other things and that attitude is not going to change. So irrespective of the Durbin impact and setback that's going to provide to household profitability, we've taken a longer view and it starts with market share and share of wallet. And we'll keep coming back to that.
Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill: That's helpful. And then Don, I wanted to follow up on the comment you made about kind of incremental cost for new customers. Are you able to say kind of roughly where you are in the process of the overall investment in the new strategy, kind of sixth, seventh, eight inning, et cetera?
Donald Kimble: I don't know that I'd ever want to define our game as anything past about the third inning. We're always looking at a way that we can improve and enhance and deepen that relationship with the customer. But each one of these are staged as part of the development.
Stephen Steinour: We rolled our the 24-Hour Grace. We rolled out Asterisk-Free. We made enhancements here recently to system mobile and some of the electronic channels that we have available to us. And so if we ever start to get past seventh or eight inning, I think that you can have a problem and then start to force us to go into a new game. So I would just say that we're always innovating and creating new solutions here.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jack Micenko from SIG.
Jack Micenko - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Maybe one for Dan, just sort of a broader credit question. Looking at -- relative to NIM as we look at NPA ratios, charge-off ratios, maybe a little bit better than peers; reserve ratio, a little bit higher than peers. And obviously, you've been releasing back since 1Q '10. And you're not privy to other credit meetings of your competitors, but just thinking through, is there any reason your reserve is a little healthier and your reserve improvement or your declining reserve ratios is a little slower? Any specifics there? Any thoughts on to why that is?
Daniel Neumeyer: Conservative management. There's a lot of volatility. It's seems like we go through multiple cycles last year and we're in one this year. We changed fundamentally over a couple of quarters. We intend to stay on the conservative side of the spectrum.
Operator: I have no further questions at this time. Mr. Gould, I'll turn the call back over to you for closing remarks.
Jay Gould: Thank you very much, everybody. Thanks for participating in this quarter's call. If you have other questions, you can always follow up Todd or I and we'll be happy to answer your questions.  Thank you again. We'll see you next quarter.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Stephen Steinour - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank Donald Kimble - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Treasurer Jay Gould - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Rochester - Crdit Suisse AG Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Adam Chaim - Deutsche Bank AG Gregory Ketron - Citigroup Inc Terence McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Arthur Winston - Pilot Advisors Brent Erensel - Portales Partners David Konrad - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc. Ken Zerbe
Operator: Welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares First Quarter Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jay Gould. Mr. Gould, you may begin.
Jay Gould: Well, thank you, Sarah, and welcome, everyone. I am Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides that we will be reviewing can be found on our website, huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about 1 hour from the close of the call. Please call the Investor Relations department at (614) 480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings or playback or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides.  Slides 2 through 4, note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe it's helpful to understanding Huntington's results of operations or financial position. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measures as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the slide presentation, its appendix, the earnings press release, the quarterly financial review, the quarterly performance discussion or in the related 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website.  Turning to Slide 5. Today's question including the Q&A period may contain forward-looking statements, and such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties which may cause the actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC, including our most recent forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings.  Now turning to today's presentation in Slide 6. Participating today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Don Kimble, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Neumeyer, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer. Also present is Todd Beekman, Senior Vice President and Assistant Director of Investor Relations.  Let's get started by turning to Slide 7. Steve?
Stephen Steinour: Welcome, everyone. I'll begin with a review of our first quarter performance highlights. After my overview, Don will follow with his usual recap of our financial performance. Dan will provide an update on credit. I'll then return with a discussion of our expectations and key messages to our investors.  Turning to Slide 8. We reported net income of $126.4 million or $0.14 per share. This represented a 3% improvement to net income from the fourth quarter. As Don will detail, the current quarter's earnings per common share were negatively impacted by one significant items of $17 million or $0.01 per common share of additions to litigation reserves. The first quarter results were consistent with our expectations and set the stage for continued earnings growth throughout this year as pretax, pre-provision income is expected to rebound from this quarter's levels and provision for credit losses remain low.  Our pretax, pre-provision income was $240.9 million, down $19.1 million or 7% from the fourth quarter. As always, the first quarter of the year has several seasonal factors: a lower day count, which affects revenue with slight [ph] and other benefit costs impacting expenses. We estimate this seasonality reduced pretax, pre-provision by roughly $16 million. Fully taxable equivalent revenue decreased $38 million or 5.6%. This reflected a $10.7 million or 2.6% decrease in net interest income and a $27.3 million or 10.3% decrease in non-interest income.  Net interest income declines were primarily driven by lower day count and a 2% reduction average earning assets, reflecting a $643 million or 25% annualized reduction in available-for-sale and other securities, partially offset by $298 million or 3% growth in average total loans. The net interest margin increased 5 basis points to 3.42% and continue to be positively impacted by strong growth in consumer checking account households. This growth increased at a 9% annualized rate during the first quarter and helped support growth in lower cost core deposits at a 3% annualized rate.  The primary negative influences on net interest margin were the continued amortization of swap gains, lower loan yields and the interest expense associated with the issuance of $300 million of subordinated debt related to last quarter's repayment of TARP.  Total non-interest income declined $27.3 million or 10.3%. It's reflective of $30.5 million or 57% decline in mortgage banking income. As we noted in our last quarterly call, average quarterly mortgage income in the second half of 2010 was running roughly $20 million above normal levels. Mortgage originations declined 49% versus the fourth quarter as mortgage rates increased late last year. We experienced relatively stable mortgage origination trends over the quarter. And absent additional market volatility, we expect mortgage banking income to be relatively stable at the first quarter level for the remainder of the year.  There were two notable positives with non-interest income. Trust service income increased 5% and brokerage income increased 21%. Noninterest expense declined $3.9 million or just under 1%, reflecting a number of factors, including reductions in legal costs as collection activities declined, consulting expenses, OREO and foreclosure costs. These were partially offset by additions to litigation reserves as well as higher personnel expenses related to seasonal FICO.  Credit quality again showed significant improvement with an 18% link quarter decline in non-accrual loans, with both new non-accrual and new criticized loans declining 19% and 41%, respectively. Net charge-offs dropped 4%. Our provision for credit losses declined $37.6 million to $49.4 million and represented an annualized rate of 52 basis points of period-end loans.  Turning to Slide 9. Our reserves continue to strengthen. Our reserve coverage of non-accrual loans strengthened, 285% from 166% in the fourth quarter. Reflecting the continued and rapid improvement of credit quality, the period-end allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans and leases decreased to 3.07% from 3.39% but is still at levels we consider healthy given the stable yet delicate nature of the economic recovery.  Internal capital generation continue to improve. Our period-end tangible common equity ratio was 7.81%, up 25 basis points, and our Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased to 9.75% from 9.29%. Our regulatory Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios ended the quarter with 12.04% and 14.85%, respectively.  And as we discussed in the last quarter's earnings call, in January 2011, we repurchased our TARP-related warrant to purchase 23.6 million shares of common stock for $49.1 million and closed our TARP-related relationship with the U.S. Department of Treasury.  So now, let me turn the presentation over to Don to review in further details.
Donald Kimble: Great. Thanks, Steve. Slide 10 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trends. We met our performance metrics we'll discuss later in the presentation so let's move on.  As shown on Slide 11, our net income for the first quarter was $126.4 million or $0.14 per share. One significant item impacted the quarter's results. We added $17 million or $0.01 per share to our litigation reserves. These additions generally relate to a few long-standing unrelated cases. We believe we have established meaningful and appropriate reserves on these cases.  Slide 12 is a summary of income statement and shows the $3.2 million increase in pretax income, reflecting the benefits of a $37.6 million decline in provision expense and a $3.9 million decrease in non-interest expense, which were partially offset by an $11 million decrease in net interest income and a $27.3 million decrease in non-interest income. I will detail these changes in subsequent slides.  Turning to Slide 13. We show the trends in our revenues and pretax, pre-provision on the left hand side of the slide. The decline in revenues and pretax, pre-provision income this past quarter was primarily related to seasonal trends in our business, which negatively impacted the PTPP by roughly $16 million and the $30.5 million decline in our mortgage revenues. We expect to reverse the recent decline in trend in our pretax, pre-provision over the next several quarters.  Adjusting for the seasonal impact, our pretax, pre-provision would have been approximately $257 million. We expect to continue balance sheet growth and fee income initiatives will bring this performance back into the $260 million per quarter range.  Slide 14 depicts the trends in our net interest income and margin. During the first quarter, our fully taxable equivalent net interest income decreased by $10.7 million despite a 5 basis point increase in our net interest margin to 3.42% and a $1 billion decrease in [indiscernible]. The net interest income change reflects the [indiscernible].  First, with the day count impact, resulting in $7 million less revenue compared to the fourth quarter. Second, with the impact of TARP repayment and the related issuance of $300 million of debt to repurchase the TARP preferred equity. Incremental costs for this issuance was $2.3 million compared to the prior quarter. Finally, our average earning assets shrank by $1 billion. The combination of repurchasing TARP, allowing $400 million of non-core deposits to mature and a reduction in available-for-sale loan balances due to a smaller mortgage pipeline drove most of this reduction.  Our outlook projects modest balance sheet growth over the remainder of the year, led by the continued loan growth in the C&I and Auto Lending portfolio segments. The increase in our net interest margin reflects the benefits of better deposit pricing and mix in the day count for the quarter. These positives were offset by lower loan yields and the reduction in income from interest rate derivatives as our deferred gain continues to amortize.  Continuing on to Slide 15. We show the continued improvement in our deposit mix. Over the last 5 quarters, we reduced our non-core deposits and CDs from 32% to 26% of total average deposits. Also of note, starting in the third quarter of 2011, we anticipate the start of another round of higher rate time deposit maturities with $1.9 billion maturing with an average rate of 2.65%.  Turning to Slide 16. We showed $0.3 billion of growth in total average core deposits. This was driven by strong growth in money market accounts and non-interest bearing demand deposits. This growth in checking account balances reflects an annualized 9% growth in consumer households.  Slide 17 shows the trends in our loan and lease portfolio. Total commercial loans were up $0.1 billion. This increase reflected the anticipated growth in commercial and industrial loans, offset by the decline in commercial real estate balances. The $0.4 billion increase in C&I loans came from several business segments but most importantly, 9 of our 11 regions showed growth on a linked quarter basis in middle-market lending.  The consumer loans were up $0.2 billion or 1% for the prior quarter. The $0.2 billion increase in average automobile loans and leases reflects the continued strong originations of $795 million this past quarter. These originations continue to reflect in very high credit quality and reasonable returns.  Slide 18 shows the trends in our non-interest income category. Our non-interest income decreased by $27.3 million from the prior quarter. This was almost entirely due to the $30.5 million decline in mortgage banking revenue. Origination volume declined by 49% from the fourth quarter, but originations were actually up 7% from the first quarter of 2010. Adding to the decline in mortgage banking revenue was a $7 million swing in our net MSR hedging activity as this quarter included a $3.5 million loss. On a positive note, our retail and brokerage revenues were up 21% over the last quarter, reflecting the impact of our cross-sell initiatives.  This next slide is a summary of our expense trends. Total expenses were down $3.9 million from the prior quarter despite the $17 million increase in litigation reserves mentioned earlier. In addition, this also reflected a $6.8 million increase from personnel costs. This increase reflected the seasonal impact of higher employment taxes of $6.9 million as these taxes reset with the start of the new year. Offsetting this increase were declines in professional services of $7.6 million, OREO and foreclosure-related expenses of $6.6 million and deposits and other insurance costs of $5.4 million. Reductions in legal collection costs and OREO reflect the continued improvement in credit quality and a lower workout-related expenses.  Slide 20 reflects the trends in our capital position. Each of our capital ratios improved over the prior quarter, reflecting a strong internal capital generation. The TCE ratio increased by 25 basis points to 7.81% despite the 9 basis point reduction to DTA from the redemption of the TARP warrant. The 46 basis point increase in our Tier 1 common ratio to 9.75% reflects the impacts of stronger earnings, the TARP warrant repurchase and a reduced impact from our deferred tax assets and the disallowed portion of our DTA declined by $71 million this quarter. We have $89 million of disallowed DTA remaining, which should be recognized over the next couple of quarters.  Let me turn the presentation over to Dan Neumeyer to review credit trends. Dan?
Daniel Neumeyer: Thanks, Don. Slide 21 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. These trends continue to be positive in virtually every category. Non-performing loans fell to 1.66% at the end of the first quarter, down from 2.04% one quarter earlier. Similarly, non-performing assets were 1.8% from 2.21% in December. The level of criticized assets also saw a meaningful reduction in the quarter falling from 9.15% at December to 7.9% at March 31.  The net charge-off rate also fell from 1.82% to 1.73%. 90-day loans past due and accruing were reduced in the quarter to 19 basis points equaling our best performance in some time. The ACL ratio fell to 3.07% at March 31 from 3.39% one quarter earlier. The ACL coverage ratio on non-performing loans and non-performing assets showed significant strengthening, however, moving to 185% and 170%, respectively, and that's up from 166% and 153% at the previous quarter end. The ratio of ACL to criticized assets also improved to nearly 39% from 37%, reflecting an increased coverage of our emerging problem loans.  Slide 22 depicts the trends in commercial loan delinquencies. 30-day delinquencies were steady from the prior quarter at 73 basis points. This level of delinquency is noticeably better than what was experienced throughout most of 2010. We have no commercial loans in the 90-day past due category and accruing as we continue our aggressive recognition and treatment of problem loans.  Slide 23 outlines the trend of our consumer delinquencies. 30-day delinquencies were down noticeably quarter-over-quarter and that's a continuation of a trend exhibited throughout 2010. Similarly, 90-day delinquencies were also reduced, continuing a similar pattern. All consumer segments were flat to down in delinquencies quarter-over-quarter. This is one predictor of positive consumer performance in the coming quarters.  Slide 24 continues with a view of commercial and consumer charge-offs. Commercial charge-offs were up modestly in Q1 to a $110 million from $104 million in the prior quarter. This increase was always in the commercial real estate segment as both C&I and business banking charge-offs were lower in the quarter. We continue to see a reduction in appraised values of partially complete non-income-producing real estate due to lack of interested buyers, and therefore, we took additional charges in the quarter as warranted. Additionally, we executed on a number of note sales in the quarter. As in certain cases, we determined this to be a better economic decision versus a long-term hold strategy. Both actions increased our resolution velocity and position us very well for future quarters. We're very confident that this increase in CRE charge-offs is a one quarter event. We expect to see lower CRE and lower overall charge-offs in subsequent quarters.  Consumer charge-offs were lower in the quarter, falling $55 million from $68 million. This reduction is despite a change in policy when we adjusted our net charge-off policy on residential real estate from 180 days to 150 days. This change resulted in the recognition of $6.8 million of charge-offs in the quarter. In total, overall charge-offs were down 4% for the quarter.  Slide 25 shows trends in our non-accrual loans and non-performing assets. The chart on the left demonstrates the continued reduction in the level of both non-accrual loans and non-performing assets. Non-accrual loans fell another 18% in the quarter. With regard to non-accrual inflow depicted on the right-hand slide, as we projected last quarter, new inflows of non-accruals were lower, falling 19% in the first quarter.  Slide 26 provides a reconciliation of our non-performing asset flows. NPAs fell by 18% in the quarter, aided by lower inflows and a combination of returns to accruing status, payments, note sales and charge-offs. We expect this type of trend to continue in future quarters with inflows influenced by the economic environment.  Turning to Slide 27. We provide a similar flow analysis in commercial criticized loans. Over the past year, we have seen a consistent decline in the level of commercial criticized loans. The first quarter of 2011 saw a continuation of that trend. Due to the effects of early problem loan identification that has been ongoing over the last 24 months, coupled with the modestly improving economic environment, Q1 saw fewer inflows of new problem loans. Although the level of upgrades and pay downs were lower than previous quarters, the combined result was a healthy 13% reduction end-period and criticized loans.  Reviewing Slide 28. The loan loss provision for[ph] the fourth quarter was $49.4 million, which was $115.7 million lower than total net charge-offs of $165.1 million. The resulting ACL for loan ratio now stands at 3.07%, down from 3.39% linked quarter earlier. Importantly though, the coverage ratio of ACL to NAL increased to 185% from 166%, reflecting very strong coverage due to significantly lower level of non-accrual loans. We are very comfortable with this level of ACL and believe it's sufficient and appropriate given the current economic conditions.  Overall, this was a very positive quarter on the credit quality front. All the major metrics showed continued improvement, and we believe that we are postured to deliver improved results in ensuing quarters as we drive to a normalized environment.  Let me turn this presentation back to Steve.
Stephen Steinour: Thanks. I'd like to use Slide 29 to recap our current thinking regarding the remainder of 2011. With respect to the economy, even with the added uncertainty related to recent events in Japan that have negatively impacted the global supply chain and the continued instability in Northern Africa and the Middle East, we expect the U.S. economy will remain relatively stable with some potential improvement in the second half of the year.  The primary driver of net income growth throughout the rest of the year for us is an expected rebound of pretax, pre-provision income from this quarter's level coupled with continued low provisions for credit losses. Net interest income should grow as we continue to see loan and deposit growth and a relatively stable net interest margin. Specifically, on loan growth, we expect recent trends to continue with overall modest loan growth driven by continued strong growth in auto, meaningful growth in commercial and industrial loans, modest growth in home equity and residential mortgages. These increases are expected to be partially offset by the continued decline in commercial real estate loans.  We anticipate the income growth will be mixed. We expect mortgage banking income to remain near current levels with service charge income beginning to show modest growth later in this year as the benefits from our "Fair Play" banking philosophy continue to gain momentum, producing strong consumer checking account, household growth and increased product penetration.  Assuming implementation of the Durbin amendment, the electronic banking income is expected to decline. Non-interest expense is expected to be relatively stable as continued investment in strategic initiative should be offset by continued low credit-related costs and improved expense efficiencies. Non-accrual loans are expected to continue to decline meaningfully throughout the year.  Turning to Slide 30. In closing, I will remind our investors and customers of several important messages. Our balance sheet is strong and getting stronger everyday and that covers all aspects: liquidity, reserves, capital. Credit quality continues to rapidly improve. Over the last year, non-accrual loans and non-performing assets are both down over 60%. And while we don't expect to maintain those low rates of decline, we do expect to see continued meaningful improvement in overall credit quality throughout the year.  Our strategic initiatives continue to gain traction. Most importantly, and from a long-term revenue and earnings growth opportunity, our "Fair Play" banking philosophy is increasingly and positively differentiating us from our peers.  Huntington is creating this category of one in Midwest banking. Lastly, our strong capital ratios and the expectation for continued growth in earnings and capital positions us to actively explore capital management opportunities, including raising the dividend at some point.  So thanks for your interest in Huntington. Sarah, we'll now open for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the of Ken Usdin from Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I just wanted to ask you on the expense guidance this quarter, it has this $70 million reversal and it also included some of the seasonal step up from the FICO tax as well. So when you're talking about flat expenses, can you talk about whether that's x those items or inclusive of those items?
Donald Kimble: Ken, this is Don. And as far as the guidance what we're seeing it as generally flat. And that would suggest that over time, we'll continue to make some investments in strategic initiatives. We've talked publicly about some of our brand in which show results and advertising and other components associated with it. We've talked about Giant Eagle. And so we will have some expense increases that will over time offset those seasonal and/or onetime-related items.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I guess if you could just then talk to the magnitude because it would seem that if I normalize for those two, expenses should be more somewhere in the like 4- or 5-type of range. So to get to flat, that means that you're just expecting to invest a tremendous amount of money in the second quarter. So I just wanted to make sure that I'm reading that right, that you're really plowing through with the magnitude of expense management -- Don, investing, I should say. Sorry.
Donald Kimble: Ken, I think where I would not want to specify is that you're suggesting that second quarter is specific, and I wouldn't want to say that, that's where we'd be returning the expense levels than necessarily in that quarter. I'll just say, over time, we would have investments in marketing and expansion associated with initiatives and other things that could offset some of those onetime or seasonal type of issues
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, so it's very possible that just sequentially that expenses could be down in the second quarter below that level but over time, this is a reasonable run rate just from a broader longer-term perspective?
Donald Kimble: Ken, you can draw your own conclusions. We prefer not to derive specific quarterly guidance but just more general trend information.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay, that's fine. And second question is just on, Steve, your points about the dividend and capital management. With a 9.75% Tier 1 common, you're sitting on plenty of excess capital. Can you just remind us again of your priorities then as far as your dividends, eventual maybe buybacks and M&A, versus the internal investment and how that has, if at all, changed given the rapid growth of capital? Thanks, again.
Stephen Steinour: Thank you, Ken, for the interest. We've always consistently stated that we want to grow the core, so capital for core growth is vital to us. Now beyond that, we haven't provided guidance about relative priorities: dividends, acquisition, buyback or anything else. We are looking at a forward capital plan, not having the benefit of the actions taken with this GAAP 19 late in the first quarter and assessing our plans at this point, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: I was hoping you could provide just one little more detail about if you've collected any metrics on the profitability of the new household, I guess, checking account growth related to Fair Play. In terms of those customers in particular that you're winning in the market, the new customers, are you able to cross-sell to those customers? And I'm trying if possible to separate it out from your existing customer base where you are pushing more cross-sell. And also maybe talk a little bit about the size of the accounts coming in, in new checking accounts that might be related to Fair Play. Thanks.
Donald Kimble: Sure, Ken. This is Don. As far as just some indications that our checking account balances on an annualized basis were up 8% and our households grew at a 9% pace, so we think that they're generally keeping in line as far as growth rate that we've been very pleased with the cross-sell impact of the new account growth and very pleased overall with the trajectory as far as the most recent originations that we plan on earlier or sometime middle of May and providing a little bit more clarity as far as the impacts of some of these initiatives and providing a little bit more guidance there from a performance perspective at the next upcoming conference we'd be at. That would probably be a better time to speak in a little bit more additional information
Ken Zerbe: Okay, all right. No, that's fair. And then the other question, I think back in your Investor Day, you talked about growing your M&A platform or hiring people, building out systems. At this point, are you completely done with the, I guess, potential M&A build out and that you're ready to go if you find something that is of interest?
Stephen Steinour: We never, I think, will be considering ourselves complete. There will always be a room for improvement, but we are -- we've made substantial progress. And we like the robustness of what we built at this point, Ken, and anticipated a hiring that was alluded to has been concluded.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers from Sandler O'Neill.
Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill: I think first, Don, probably most appropriate for you, I just wanted to follow-up on the expense guidance. It looks like the expense guidance aggregates both the provision and non-interest expenses. So 1, am I reading that correctly? So does that suggest also that we've probably seen pretty much all we'll see of the lower level of provision? And then second, just also for you, Don, I was just hoping you could speak a little more about the margin and specifically, how you'll hold it just in that -- imagine core deposit growth is still going to continue to outpace growth, so you have the lift from some higher cost stuff rolling off but kind of have that tough excess liquidity issue, and then you also have the swap book. So you can just talk about some of the countervailing items that you see impacting your margin over the rest of the year?
Donald Kimble: That's great, Scott. And first, as far as the expense guidance, we allude to our credit cost or collection cost as opposed to provision expense are included in that. And so that's more working through OREO-related properties and the cost of maintaining those types of assets and legal costs in connection with the overall collection efforts. So that was more the implication as opposed provision expense, so that I just want to make sure that was clarified. As far as the margin guidance prospectively, we do think that we'll see a better alignment between deposit growth and loan growth, prospectively. And so we think that we will see margin being able to remain relatively stable because we won't see a lot of excess funds like we saw last year being put into the investment portfolio. And so we think loan growth can absorb the deposit growth that we're projecting. During the quarter, we did take some management action associated with some of the money market rates specifically. And we continue to manage some of our time deposit rates down. And each of those have a positive impact from a couple different sources: 1, is that it reduces the rate of existing relationships on the money market side; and 2, it controls the growth on the deposit side so that, that loan growth is supported from just the core funding base.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Davis from Stifel, Nicolaus
Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Steve, I have to admit, we hear often that you guys are being pretty aggressive, I guess, in small business, middle-markets, C&I pricing. I note here in the last quarter, the C&I embedded yield dropped 37 points. That's almost twice the linked quarter declines we saw in the September and December quarter. So I guess a couple questions. 1, could you give us some color on the degree to which you've lowered pricing above cost of funds, if you have recently? And secondly, has there been any changes well to underwriting standards?
Donald Kimble: Tony, this is Don. I'll take a first crack at that. We talked in previous quarters about the impact of our interest rate swaps. When you close some of those out at a net gain position, that gain amortizes down over quarters. And from a disclosure perspective, the margin associated with those swaps goes into primarily that C&I loan yields category because we're swapping out those variable rate or LIBOR-based commercial loans into a fixed rate with these swaps. And so that was the majority of the decline. I think it was around 28, 29 basis points type of impact there about for the C&I decline, including that amortization, along with the fact that during the quarter, we reduced our overall swap position from about $11 billion to $7 billion to take us a little bit more out of that sensitive position than where we were previously. And so those two actions really result in that 28 to 29 basis point reduction. We did see a slight increase in the impact of new non-accruals coming through that commercial loan yield as well. And so very little of that compression and margin had anything to do with new loan originations being at tighter spreads. I would say generally that we've been maintaining a fairly strong discipline to our pricing grid that we put in place. And we do agree that we are aggressive in going after customers from a growth perspective but it's not being led with price on the table. So I think that we're trying to maintain that discipline as appropriate.
Daniel Neumeyer: Yes, and, Tony, this is Dan. I would just add that we also have not compromised the underwriting standards. The market is getting a little bit more frothy. And while there's been some pricing pressure, we've tried to maintain a discipline both on pricing and on structure. And we have had this pass on certain credits. We've seen a few of the covenant-like deals come through. We have not participated in those and really are sticking to our existing underwriting standards all along the way.
Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I wonder if that same policy or approach, Dan, maybe Nick is there, too, would apply to the underwriting business. Obviously, the captives have gotten a lot more aggressive here recently.
Stephen Steinour: Nick is not here but that would be the case. Sorry, Don and I look at our production weekly on spread and credit quality and mix. So we are very tightly managing it, and we can assure you we've had consistency.
Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Just one last thing and it would be the unfunded C&I loan backlog at the quarter end. What you're seeing, I guess, in your discussions with businesses in terms of borrowing intentions, it doesn't look like there's been a drawdown on commercial DDA at this point, which would be sort of a precursor about that. And finally, the C&I draw rate, you mentioned that it was about steady but I was just wondering where it was.
Daniel Neumeyer: Yes, the utilization rate is also almost unchanged from the last quarter. We're just under 42%. I think we were right at 42% last quarter. Now just in the last couple of weeks though we have seen more discussions of customers indicating, actually, building up the inventories and so forth. So it's still anecdotal at this point, but we feel we might be seeing some signs of increased borrowing in the upcoming quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala from the Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: I wanted to follow-up on both of the Ken's questions regarding capital management priority. With regards to M&A, could you give us a sense of where you're looking or where you're poking around and what size, in what size range? And also, sort of has the propensity to sell increased from some of these smaller properties and also give us a sense of what pricing is like in the markets that you're looking at?
Donald Kimble: Great. Erika, this is Don. And as far as the size range that we're looking at, 1, looking in our Midwest, we're not looking to use acquisitions for us to enter into new markets. And so that's important and that's a key criteria for M&A activity. Second, as far as size, we're really looking for smaller transactions whether that would be in the $0.5 billion or the $2 billion type of range in our book. And again, we like the model of being able to over time aggregate several smaller transactions and help to fill out our existing footprint from that type of activity as opposed to looking at much larger transactions or institutions. I mean as far as the propensity to sell, you had definitely hear about those types of comments from investment bankers. I would say that we haven't seen a lot of transactions announced in our footprint and haven't had a lot of assisted transactions in our footprint as of late. And while we still believe that this is an opportunity for growth for us over time, that we're still very focused on growing our core book of business.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: What about pricing? Have you had any sense of where the conversation -- is that what's keeping the conversations from picking up in your footprint?
Donald Kimble: I don't know if there is pricing or not because we obviously haven't seen any transactions take place really in our footprint. So it's not a good benchmark yet.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: Okay. And my last question is just a clarification question. The $260 million that you mentioned in terms of the per quarter range for PPNR, that does include the Durbin impact if it's passed as is?
Donald Kimble: That would include our current estimate as far as the Durbin impact for the second half of the year. That's correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt O'Connor from Deutsche Bank.
Adam Chaim - Deutsche Bank AG: This is actually Adam Chaim calling in for Matt O'Connor. You guys had previously mentioned you had a target level of 15% of earning assets for the securities portfolio. How should we be looking at the overall trajectory of earning assets? I guess if loan growth continues, should we be expecting most of that to be offset with security sales?
Donald Kimble: Our expectation prospectively would be that our loan growth would be funded through core deposit growth. And so we would expect to continue to see those two offset each other and not have a significant impact on the overall investment book. But we do believe that our investment portfolio is higher than where we would like to see at long term as a percentage of our total earning asset base. And initially, we think that loan growth will be funded through that deposit growth.
Adam Chaim - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, great. One other question. On the auto loan side, it looks like growth has slowed a bit over the last couple of quarters. And also, it looks like FICA has been trending down as well over this period, not too meaningfully though. And you guys have also been moving into more, I believe, used car loans versus new car loans. Are competitive pressures behind this? And where can we expect the overall auto loan portfolio to top out as a percentage of the overall loan portfolio?
Daniel Neumeyer: Good question. As far as the indirect auto business, in the third quarter of last year, we had a $1 billion of originations, and fourth quarter of last year and first quarter of this year led $800 million of originations. If you would assume a two-year average life for the auto loan, which is about where we're at and imply about a $6.4 billion portfolio, so with the slowdown and as far as the growth rate over the last couple of quarters is we're getting closer to that matured portfolio level at these types of origination volumes. And so you shouldn't expect necessarily the same type of incremental growth rates that you were seeing throughout 2010, 2011, if the origination volumes are in that level. As far as our origination quality, we are very pleased with that. We haven't seen any significant change in FICO scores for origination levels. But we do see from time to time, mix changes as far as the new car versus used car but the credit quality characteristics of the used car portfolio is really right in line with what we're seeing for new car. What you might see there as far as mixed changes in when some of the captives get more engaged in some of the originations. And so that may fluctuate a little bit the percentage new versus used.
Adam Chaim - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, great. And I guess as a percentage of the overall portfolio, what were you comfortable in terms of the size of the auto portfolio?
Daniel Neumeyer: We're very comfortable with where it is today, which is at 15%, and we want to keep it below where it was at one point in time of 33%. But I think if we're in that 15% to 20% of the portfolio, we really like the credit profile of this book. We like the predictability of the cash flows, and we like the incremental yield that we're receiving for these originations and it's a much better use of funds for us than other options we have at this point in time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Miller from FBR.
Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: This is Kevin Barker filling in for Paul Miller. Just had a question about loan growth and some of the -- are you seeing your pipeline increase or anything, maybe some stabilization in the CRE portfolio? Is there any markets in particular where CRE may be starting to see some type of bottoms? I know we're seeing a lot of more securitizations out there in 2011 and maybe that may be contributing to it. But is there anything you see on your end and maybe the pipeline increasing?
Stephen Steinour: We're not trying to grow the book. We're trying to shrink it. And so our stance with commercial real estate has been one of a combination for our core customers, working with them, trying to be supportive, but in aggregate, expecting to reduce that concentration. And we expect to be in that mode through this year. Dan, you want to add in?
Daniel Neumeyer: No, just -- we are trying to support our core customers. And so in the first quarter, we actually had a few more originations for a select group of folks. So we're trying to balance our overall goal of reducing the exposure but still supporting the core book and we're continuing to do that.
Kevin Barker - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Maybe now you're seeing plenty of people out there looking to take down some of that CRE? Are you seeing prices get better in particular areas? Is there anything outside what you're trying to shed off the portfolio?
Stephen Steinour: In markets, I mean, are clearly stabilized from where they were in say, '09 and early '10. And I would say that's across the board with land or stranded development constructions still being the two toughest categories. But it's certainly getting better, and there's varying levels of activity depending on product and location.
Operator: We'll turn the line of Dave Rochester from Credit Suisse.
David Rochester - Crdit Suisse AG: I had a couple quick ones on the margin. You highlighted you had a good chunk of high-rate CDs in the second half repricing, and I was just wondering where you're pricing the bulk of your CD product today? Are you below 1% on most of that money that's rolling?
Donald Kimble: Yes, we're well below 1% on most of the new money. And the money that's rolling in the second half of this year really relates to 3-year products that was put on the balance sheet at the time of some of the financial changes back in '08. So we have not typically been originating a lot CDs in the 3-year bucket right now.
David Rochester - Crdit Suisse AG: And so you would anticipate most of that to roll at 12 months or less, I would imagine?
Donald Kimble: That's correct.
David Rochester - Crdit Suisse AG: And on the auto side, you talked about growth and whatnot. I was wondering if you could talk about the blended rate on the products you saw in the first quarter and if that changed meaningfully from the fourth quarter?
Donald Kimble: The blended rate as far as the new originations on indirect auto?
Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Exactly. The yields you're getting.
Donald Kimble: We tend to look at that as far as a credit adjusted spread on the originations. And so it's been very much in line with where we've been over the last several quarters, which taking the yield minus our cost of funds that we assigned to that business, which is close to securitization rates minus the credit cost associated with that, and we're looking at a 2.25% type of net credit adjustment spread. And that's right in line with where it has been over recent quarters
David Rochester - Crdit Suisse AG: And just one last one real quick. In terms of your loan growth guidance, are you expecting to see just a similar run off rate that we've seen in the non-core CRE over the last, let's say, couple quarters, the $200 million each quarter, for the rest of the year?
Daniel Neumeyer: Yes. In that range, $200 million to $300 million would probably be a good estimate.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Konrad from KBW.
David Konrad - Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods, Inc.: I guess all my questions have been asked and answered, but just to follow-up, I guess, on the indirect auto. Some of your competitors this quarter said that competition was getting so aggressive that they kind of pulled away from the growth aspects. But from your comments from the last question, it doesn't feel like you guys are seeing that type of competition and pressure in your markets. Is that correct?
Donald Kimble: I think we saw a really step up in the fourth quarter where we saw some of the captives and others get more involved, and that's why our production levels came down from where they were at that time. And we again have been very pleased with the production levels and the quality and also the pricing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Erensel from Portales Partners.
Brent Erensel - Portales Partners: Thanks. Brent Erensel from Portales. I've got a question with regard to the second half, and it's relating to reconciling the expense management, the CD repricing, which are going to be beneficial and then the tax rate and Durbin, which are not. And it's hard to see earnings going up much from here, just putting all those four things together. Can you -- without giving guidance, I mean what's your reaction?
Donald Kimble: I think we will have some headwinds associated with Durbin if it does pass as originally or is implemented if it's been passed. I would say that our guidance as it had been that we expect pretax, pre-provision earnings in the $260 million to $265 million range for the full year. We've provided a reconciliation or walk forward of our $241 million to roughly at $256 million or $257 million level for the current quarter if you back up the seasonal impacts from the day count. And so that $260 million to $265 million, we would imply a relatively small step up and we'd be relying on areas of growth, including balance sheet growth and the income growth to help offset or minimize the impact of Durbin. And so that would be where we can get comfortable with continuing to provide that level of guidance.
Brent Erensel - Portales Partners: Do you see a provision coming down meaningfully from current levels?
Donald Kimble: What we've provided for our guidance there, again, is continued improvement as far as non-accrual loans, with criticized, classified and other measures as far as credit quality. We have not provided any more specific guidance as to where we think the provision expense will go prospectively. Dan, any thoughts on that?
Daniel Neumeyer: No, we are moving hopefully towards a normalized environment. And again, all of our credit metrics are going in the right direction. We analyzed the provision in detail each quarter, and that's all I have to say in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arthur Winston from Pilot Advisors.
Arthur Winston - Pilot Advisors: Thank you. The fastest-growing parts of financial statements are the shares outstanding and the expenses. And now we hear that's probably not new news that we're looking for our acquisitions. I'm just curious, is the plan to give out shares to make these acquisitions? And a second question, is there anything afoot to give the shareholders a break and kind of curb or actually reduce the number of shares outstanding or the expenses to just give them a better return?
Donald Kimble: Again, as far as our comments on M&A that we have said that we want to continue to focus on the core first. And to the extent that there are opportunities for us to grow through acquisition in our footprint, we'll evaluate those. And we want to make sure that we are focused on making sure that we have the appropriate return for our existing shareholders and make sure that have the appropriate returns from those types of activities when and if they do come through. So again, I think that is a priority for us. And as Steve talked earlier that we believe with the growth in our capital and the strength of our earnings position that we're now in a better position to start to evaluate future capital management actions and could include changes to our dividend but we haven't provided any more clarity or guidance on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy of Oppenheimer.
Terence McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: In the press release, you go through five areas where you saw C&I loan growth. I was wondering if you could just maybe put some at the top of list and the bottom of the list. And in terms of the regions where there was non-growth, where you did not see growth in the first quarter, was it simply because they are not in some of those specialty businesses, suggesting maybe that middle-market lending was closer to the bottom of the list in terms of growth last quarter?
Stephen Steinour: Terry, I wouldn't draw any conclusions about the two geographies that didn't have middle-market growth during the quarter. We'd expect them to come through with some variations. We were very pleased in aggregate by the middle-market activities. And when we say middle-market, for many banks, it should be considered lower middle-market. Good traction and that's predominantly the type of lending that fueled the expansion that was referenced in the press release and elsewhere.
Terence McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Then just one last question. On the mortgage business, have you looked to cut costs? Have cost-cutting plans been put in place, or is there an opportunity in future quarters to bring down some of your mortgage-related expenses?
Stephen Steinour: We took action on mortgage, frankly, before we even had the earnings release at year end. So there's always room for improvement on expenses, and we'll keep working it. But our people actions and overhead reductions were dealt with, I think it was the second, certainly the third week, in January.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Greg Ketron from Citigroup.
Gregory Ketron - Citigroup Inc: Just a couple questions, one on the Durbin amendment. If it passes as it's drafted, do you have a sense for how much of that impact you can cover in other places as we move forward?
Donald Kimble: What we've disclosed is that using that $0.07 per transaction item, I think, is a $45 million thereabout gets to the second half of the year's revenue. And what we would suggest as far as how we're covering that is that we think that we do have a lot of areas that are contributing to our growth prospectively that we think net interest income will grow from the first quarter led by continued growth and loans and overall balance sheet expansion. And we saw in the first quarter, saw some good growth in brokerage revenues and trust revenues. And those are just indicators of some of the initiatives we've taken on to enhance or cross-sell throughout our customer base. And we think that you'll see some of the similar effects from the treasury management activities and others that will help drive the income. So we don't have any specific or explicit plans to offset Durbin with any other side fees or other adjustments to service charges for our customers at this point in time.
Gregory Ketron - Citigroup Inc: Great. And one last question, Don, you talked about you had reduced your swap position from $11 billion down to $7 billion? And assuming rates, if we follow the forward curve, they go up in 2012. How would you anticipate managing the swap book going forward in light of rates going up in like 2012? And what kind of impact could that have on commercial loan yields and the margin?
Donald Kimble: Right. As far as where we'd take that swap book, it depends on, 1, what we can do organically on the balance sheet. And 2, we would want to continue to position our overall net interest income at-risk position. And you'll probably see later in the slide deck and I think it's Slide 39 in the appendix, we have taken a little bit more of a position here showing that we're asset sensitive for an increase in rates prospectively than what we have in over last several quarters to the extent that we want to continue to maintain that. We've allowed swaps to mature prospectively but I would say that our initial thoughts are more continuing just to manage the overall rate position which could result in some slight fluctuations in that swap position and should have a less of an impact prospectively as far as the margins or reported deals on the commercial loans.
Gregory Ketron - Citigroup Inc: Okay. But do you anticipate you can transition through the swap book into rising rates without getting any negative impact to the net interest margin?
Donald Kimble: That's correct because if it's a rising rate by allowing those swaps to mature, it will position us to better increase our net interest income going forward because it eliminates that received fixed portion of the swap book.
Operator: And this concludes the Q&A portion of today's call. I'll turn the call back over to the presenters for any closing remarks.
Jay Gould: Thank you, Sarah, and thank you everybody for participating again this quarter. If you have follow-up questions, please give myself, that's Jay Gould, or Todd Beekman a phone call. We'll be happy to continue to carry on the dialogue. Thanks for participating. Bye.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Daniel Neumeyer - Chief Credit Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Stephen Steinour - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, President, Member of Executive Committee, Chairman of The Huntington National Bank, Chief Executive Officer of The Huntington National Bank and President of The Huntington National Bank Donald Kimble - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President and Treasurer Jay Gould - Senior Vice President and Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: David Rochester - Crdit Suisse AG Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co. Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Ken Zerbe
Operator: Good morning. My name is Simon, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington Bancshares Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Jay Gould, you may begin your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you, Simon, and welcome, everyone. I'm Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our website huntington.com, and this call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about an hour from close. Please call the Investor Relations department at (614) 480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings or playback or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides.  Slides 2, 3 or 4 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation, and I encourage you to read these but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe it's helpful to understanding Huntington's results of operations or financial position. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measure as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the slide presentation and its appendix, and the press release and the quarterly financial review supplement to today's earnings release or in the related 8-K filed earlier today, all of which you can find on our website.  Turning to Slide 5. Today's discussion, including the Q&A period, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes and risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. Huntington assumes no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC including our most recent Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings.  Now turning to today's presentation. As noted on Slide 6, participating today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer; Don Kimble, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Dan Neumeyer, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer; also present is Todd Beekman, Senior Vice President and Assistant Director of Investor Relations. Let's get started by turning to Slide 7. Steve?
Stephen Steinour: Welcome, everyone. I'll begin with a review of the fourth quarter performance highlights. And after my overview, Don will follow with his usual overview of our financial performance. Dan will provide an update on credit, and I'll then return with a discussion of our 2011 expectations and key messages to our investors.  Before getting into details, I want to make a couple of comments to provide some overall perspective. Fourth quarter results capped a good year, a year full of progress in repositioning the company for better long-term growth and improved shareholder returns as we enter 2011. The repositioning has come in two stages. First, in 2009, a year we aggressively addressed our credit issues. Both what was in the portfolio as well as strengthening the current culture in overall risk management of the bank. We said at the end of 2009 that we believed our credit problems had peaked and 2010 results demonstrated that was true.  Today, our credit quality is returning to normal faster than we envisioned even a year ago with the timeframe shortening significantly. Second was 2010, this was a year we addressed and put behind our capital issues, particularly our lower relative level of common equity. Our capital today is stronger than it's ever been and strong on a relative basis as well.  Throughout these two years, we've also developed and implemented a strategic plan designed to grow overall revenues. Our fourth quarter results reflected continued revenue growth over the last eight consecutive quarters. We've repositioned the bank. Huntington's future is bright, and I believe you will see that coming through in our fourth quarter performance. So let's begin with a more detailed discussion starting on Page 8.  We reported net income of $122.9 million or $0.05 a share on a dollar basis. This represented a 22% improvement from the third quarter, as Don will detail, the current quarter's EPS were negatively impacted by a onetime $0.07 per share deemed dividend as a result of repayment of TARP capital in December. The performance drivers were lower provision expense and higher net interest income, trends, we believe, will continue.  Our pretax pre-provision income was $260 million, down just over $5 million or 2% from the third quarter. We noted at the end of the third quarter that we expected pretax pre-provision income to be flattish with the third quarter's $265 million, so the fourth quarter's performance in this respect was less than we expected. This reflected more pressure than expected on net interest margin and softness in non-interest income on the revenue side and a bit more growth in non-interest expense.  We expect the level of our pretax pre-provision income will remain around these levels going forward through 2011. Nevertheless, we anticipate continued growth in net income throughout 2011, reflecting the continued benefit of lower credit costs. I'll comment on this in more detail in my closing remarks.  Fully taxable equivalent revenue increased $3.5 million or 1%. This reflected a $6.4 million or 2% increase in fully taxable equivalent net interest income. Average total loans grew at a 6% annualized rate of growth in almost every category, auto loans, C&I loans, home equity and residential mortgages. Commercial real estate loans continued their planned decline. But again this quarter and on an absolute basis, core deposit growth exceeded loan growth. This contributed to more growth than originally expected and lower yield investment securities, and this was the main contributing factor in the eight basis point decline in our net interest margin.  We are and will stay on the short end of the curve which reduces spread. Non-interest income declined 1% due to lower deposit service charge income and non-interest expense grew $7.3 million or 2%, reflecting a number of factors, including higher mortgage repurchase, personnel, outside data processing and other services expenses, as well as a higher fraud loss we experienced in the quarter.  Credit quality, again, showed significant improvement with a 21% decrease in non-accrual loans with both new non-accrual and new criticized loans declining. Net charge-offs dropped 7%. Our provision for credit losses declined $32.3 million.  Turning to Slide 9. Our reserves continued to strengthen. With our period end allowance for credit losses as a percentage of loans and leases declining to 3.39% from 3.6% at the end of the third quarter but importantly, our allowance for credit losses as a percentage of non-accrual loans increased significantly to 166% from 140%.  Capital was a big fourth quarter story. We raised all of our $1.4 billion in TARP capital -- we repaid all of our $1.4 billion in TARP capital after highly successful issuances of common equity and subordinated debt. Our period-end tangible common equity ratio was 7.56%, up from 6.2%. And our Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio increased to 9.25% from 7.39%.  Our regulatory Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios ended the quarter at 11.5% and 14.39%, respectively. These were down from the end of the third quarter due to the TARP capital repayment but remained $2.4 billion and $1.9 billion above well-capitalized regulatory thresholds. Yesterday, we announced the repurchase of our TARP-related warrant to purchase 23.6 million shares of common stock for just over $49 million.  This removed any potential dilutive overhang and closes out our TARP related relationship with the U.S. Treasury. Lastly, our liquidity position remained strong. We saw 10% annualized core deposit growth with a stable period-end loan-to-deposit ratio of 91%.  Now on Slide 10. We continue to move forward with our positioning for growth with implementing strategic initiatives designed to grow future revenue. Specifically in the quarter, we opened four Giant Eagle in-store branches, and our equipment finance group launched three new verticals: Business Aircraft, Rail Industry Finance and Lender Finance.  We were also very pleased to have Steve Elliott join our Board of Directors, announced at the start of this year. And a number of you will know, given his 23 year career as a senior banking Executive at BNY Mellon, hefurther strengthens our financial services industry expertise and experience on the board, and he's just a great addition from a practical knowledge and industry strategic perspective. So with that, let me turn the presentation over to Don to review the details. Don?
Donald Kimble: Thanks, Steve. Slide 11 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trend, many of the performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation, so let's move on. As noted on Slide 12, our net income for the fourth quarter was $122.9 million or $0.05 per share. One significant item impacted the quarter's results. We recognized a $56.3 million or $0.07 per share deemed dividend from the repayment of our TARP preferred stock. This was more than a onetime reduction to net income available for common shares and to our capital.  Slide 13 is a summary income statement that shows that the $27.3 million increase in pretax income reflected the benefits of a $32.2 million decline in provision expense and a $5.3 million increase in net interest income, which were partially offset by a $7.3 million increase in expense and $2.9 million decrease in non-interest income.  I'll detail these changes in subsequent slides. Turning to Slide 14. We show the trends in our revenues and pretax pre-provision on the left-hand side of the slide. Revenues have continued to grow throughout the last eight quarters. Revenues for the fourth quarter were up 10% over the fourth quarter of last year. Our pretax pre-provision earnings were up 7% from last year despite the 2% decline from the last quarter. This decline was caused by several factors, including a drop in service charge revenues of $10 million.  Highlighted in yellow, the impact of lower service charge in household revenues. You can see total service charge income has declined from $77 million in the year-ago quarter to $56 million this quarter. This decline reflects the impact of Reg E, changes in consumer behavior and our Fair Play banking initiatives. For 2011, we expect pretax pre-provision levels to remain relatively stable, considering the impact of regulatory changes, our Fair Play banking philosophy and lower expected mortgage banking revenues. These challenges will be offset by continued net interest income growth and additional revenues from cross-sell activities.  Slide 15 depicts the trends of our net interest income and margin. During the fourth quarter, our fully tax-equivalent net interest income increased by $6.4 million, reflecting an eight basis point decline in our net interest margin to 3.37% and a $1.8 billion increase to our total average earning asset base. The margin change reflected several impacts. First was a five basis point favorable impact of our deposit mix and pricing changes. Mixed shift from time deposits to more transaction-based core deposits both reduced our cost but also resulted in a much more stable funding base for us as well.  Offsetting this positive impact was the asset mix change with the deposit growth continuing to be reinvested in lower yielding shorter duration securities. Also contributing to this decline was the sale of approximately $320 million of our higher risk private label and all sell mortgage portfolios over the last two quarters. These securities had yields in excess of 6%, and the reinvestment yield was about 2%. The sales data however, reduced the overall risk associated with the portfolio. These combined changes cost about seven basis points with the net interest margin.  Another item impacting the quarter included the lower interest income of our interest rate derivatives due to the accretion of previous gains from termination of swaps. This reduction and accretion will continue for the next couple of quarters. Also the impact of the $6 million reduction in the fourth quarter is reflected as lower yields in our consumer loan portfolio. To manage the impact of this margin compression, we've begun more aggressive migration of promotional money market rates to current market levels.  This, combined with growth in average loan balances that are expected to be more comparable to the growth in average core deposit balances, should support the net interest margin perspectively.  Continuing onto Slide 16. We show the change in the deposit mix over the last five quarters. This shift from 36% of the deposits in time and non-core to 29% has improved the margin by about 20 basis points. Also of note starting in the third quarter of 2011, we should see the start of another round of higher rate time deposits beginning to roll off again with $1.8 billion maturing with an average rate of 2.71%.  Turning to Slide 17. We showed 3% growth in averaged core deposits. This was driven by a strong growth in money market accounts and noninterest bearing and deposits.  Slide 18 shows trends in our loan and lease portfolio. Total commercial loans were up $.1 billion or 1%. The increase reflected the anticipated growth in commercial industrial loans, offset by the decline in Commercial Real Estate balances. The $.4 billion increase in C&I loans reflected improving customer acquisition, resulting from some of the early benefits of our strategic initiatives, including growth in our dealer floor plan balances as well as equipment finance asset period. Total consumer loans were up $.5 billion or 3% from the prior quarter. The $.4 billion increase in average automobile loans and leases reflected continued strong originations of about $800 million this past quarter. These originations continue to reflect very high credit quality and reasonable returns.  Slide 19 shows the trends in our noninterest income category. Our noninterest income decreased by $2.9 million from the prior quarter. This was almost entirely due to the $10.1 million decline in deposit service charges, reflecting the impact of the adoption of the changes to Reg E and the impact of our Fair Play banking philosophy.  Mortgage banking revenues increased by $1.1 million, reflecting a 35% increase in origination income on $1.8 billion of originations. This increase was offset by a $9.6 million decline to net MSR hedging income.  Slide 20 provides an update of our Fair Play banking philosophy. Over the second half of 2010, the reduction in service charge income related to our 24-hour grace initiative was consistent with our expectations.  Importantly, last year, checking account households grew by 6 1/2%, which was 1% more than expected. However, overall service charge income over the second half of the year was slightly lower than our 2010 midyear expectations, as customers continue to independently manage their account balances. Opt-in rates have continued to improved and are higher than initial estimates.  The Federal Reserve surprised us with their initial comments on interchange income from the Durbin amendment. We had estimated the impact as about a 60% reduction to our annual debit card interchange income or about $54 million. With the $0.07 to $0.12 transaction cap, this will be a 75% to 85% reduction. We would expect these changes to begin in August of this year.  The next slide is a summary of our expense trends. Total expenses were up $7.3 million from the prior quarter. This reflected a $3.9 million increase from personnel costs. The increase reflected a number of factors, including higher salaries due to a 1% increase in staffing and higher sales commissions. Other expenses were up $7.8 million from the previous quarter. Contributing to this increase was a $4.1 million increase to costs associated with our repurchase obligations.  Also during the quarter, we experienced an increase of $2.4 million in operating losses related to fraud. During the fourth quarter, we had several significant items impacting our capital position. On the positive side, we completed our issuance of $920 million of common equity, adding 168 basis points to our TCE ratio. Also net income, that's both common and preferred dividends, added another 16 basis points. Partially offsetting these additions was a 32 basis point reduction due to the impact of changes in interest rates on the market value of our investment securities or derivatives and the annual adjustment to our net pension obligation.  The impact of the deemed dividend was also an 11 basis point hit and a five basis point reduction, reflecting the growth in assets and other changes.  Slide 24 is a summary of our capital trends. The current quarter's significant items impacted all these ratios. The resulting TCE ratio of 7.56% and the Tier 1 common ratio of 9.25% positioned us quite well, even after considering the impact of Basel III.  The current quarter regulatory capital ratios also reflect the impact of an increase with total disallowed deferred tax asset from $113 million at December 30, $161 million at December 31. The deferred tax asset disallowance for regulatory capital purposes reduced the ratios by about 37 basis points. We still expect the impact from disallowance to decline throughout the year with no DTA disallowance at the end of 2011. I'm turning the presentation over to Dan Neumeyer to review the credit trends. Dan?
Daniel Neumeyer: Thanks, Don. Slide 25 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. Credit trends continue on a positive path in virtually every category. Nonperforming loans fell to 2.04% at the end of the fourth quarter, down from 2.62%, one quarter earlier. Similarly, nonperforming assets were reduced to 2.21% from 2.94% in September. The level of criticized assets also saw a meaningful reduction in the quarter, falling from 11.02% to 9.15% at December 31.  Net charge-off ratio also fell from 1.98% to 1.82%. 90-day loans past due at accruing fell slightly in the quarter to 23 basis points, equaling our best result for the year. As I will discuss in a moment, our 30-day past due loans also declined. This is a strong performance particularly in a quarter where seasonal patterns and consumer behavior would've suggested an uptick.  The ACL ratios fell to 3.39% at December 31 from 3.67% at September 30. Importantly, reflecting the noticeable improvement in credit quality, the ACL coverage ratio as a nonperforming loan and nonperforming asset showed significant strengthening, moving to 166% and 153%, respectively, up from 140% and 125%, respectively of the previous quarter end.  The ratio of the ACL to criticized assets also improved to nearly 38% from 33%, reflecting increased coverage on our emerging problem loans. We remain focused on further improvement on our credit quality metrics while maintaining strong underwriting standards in both the commercial and consumer lending areas.  We continue to seek reductions in our non-core Commercial Real Estate portfolio as well and saw an 11% reduction in the portfolio in the fourth quarter.   Slide 26 is a graphical depiction of the trends in nonperforming assets. As a shown on the left-hand side, nonperforming loans and nonperforming assets continued the meaningful downward slope and reflected fairly dramatic improvement over the last year.  The chart on the right depicts nonaccrual loan inflow which were lower in the fourth quarter than in the third, although still higher than the second quarter inflows. Although the uneven economy does not allow us to project with complete confidence, we do believe that nonaccrual inflows will continue to show decreases in future quarters. Slide 27 outlines the non-performing asset flows over the past year. As mentioned, additions to NPA status were down in the fourth quarter compared to the third.  Additionally, loans returning to accruing status, coupled with healthy payments and proceeds from loan sales along with charge-offs, resulted in a 24% reduction quarter-over-quarter. In the fourth quarter, we sold nearly $40 million of residential real estate loans which contributed to the majority of the increase in the loan sales category. Year-over-year, NPAs declined by 59%.  Slide 28 continues our disclosure around the level of criticized commercial loans. Criticized commercial loans saw the most significant reduction this year, falling 15% in the quarter. Additions fell back to the level experienced in the first half of the year, while upgrades and payments remained at solid levels.  New inflow activity from commercial real estate has been fairly modest with a majority of the inflows coming from the various areas within C&I, including middle-market and business banking.  Slide 29 shows a significant reduction in 30-day delinquencies as they fell to 71 basis points from 1.08% at the end of the third quarter. The vast majority of these loans are managed by our Special Assets department and receive intensive monitoring. We continue to have no commercial loans that are 90 days past due and accruing, reflecting our aggressive stance relative to problem loans.  Slide 30 depicts the trend of our consumer portfolios which remained positive in both 30- and 90-day categories. In the 30-day category, there was improvement noted in both home equity and residential mortgage with a very small uptick in auto at four basis points. In the 90-day category, all three areas: auto, home equity and residential mortgages showed improvement quarter-over-quarter.  We continue our very focused efforts to address delinquencies at an early stage when remediation options are available.  Turning to Slide 31. Commercial net charge-offs fell nearly 18% and were lower in both the C&I and CRE segments. We expect a declining trend to continue as we move through 2011. Consumer charge-offs saw a 15% increase due largely to charge-offs associated with the sale of $39.8 million of residential mortgages sold during the quarter that resulted in an incremental charge-off of $16.4 million.  The quarter also included a $4.4 million Franklin-related recovery. Without these two items, overall consumer charge-offs would've declined $3 million for the quarter. Auto and home equity net charge-offs did see small increases in the quarter although they remained lower than the levels experienced one year ago. We remain committed to originating high quality auto and home equity loans and do not anticipate negative trends in charge-off levels.  Although home equity loans remain an area of caution as the lack of available equity will result in losses in the event of default.  Reviewing Slide 32. The loan loss provision for the fourth quarter was $87 million, compared to net charge-offs for the quarter of $172.3 million. The resulting ACL to loan ratio now stands at 3.39%, down from 3.67% one quarter earlier. Importantly the coverage ratio of ACLs to NALs increased to 166% from 140%, reflecting very strong coverage due to our significantly lower level of nonaccrual loans.  We are very comfortable with this level of ACL and believe it is efficient and appropriate given the still unstable economy.  In summary, we're very pleased with the continued credit quality improvement which spans all areas of the organization. Despite a still difficult economy, we continue to see very good progress in the commercial and consumer portfolios and remain optimistic in our ability to drive further improvements over the ensuing quarters. Let me turn the presentation back over to Steve.
Stephen Steinour: I'd like to use Slide 33 to recap our current thinking regarding 2011 expectations. Let's start with the respective economy. We think it'll be relatively stable and potentially improving here in the Midwest.  The key driver of the net income growth for us is expected to be a lower provision for credit losses, and this reflects a continuing expectation of declines in non-performing assets, non-performing loans and net charge-offs. Pretax pre-provision earnings will remain comparable to 2010 second half performance and the $260 million to $265 million per quarter range.  The net interest margin is expected to be flat to up slightly from the fourth quarter level of 3.37%. There's still deposit repricing opportunities that will benefit the margin. And on an absolute basis, we expect growth in deposits will more closely match that of loans as we go forward. So not a lot of pressure incremental from growth to lower yield investment securities are expected.  We anticipate modest loan growth driven by a continued strong growth in auto loans, growth in commercial, industrial loans and modest growth in home equity and residential offset by continued declines in commercial real estate loans.  The income growth will be mixed. With entering 2011 at a higher interest rate level environment, we anticipate mortgage banking income will be under pressure, particularly in the first quarter. While we believe the deposit service charge decline is close to bottoming out at fourth quarter levels, there still could be some additional pressure. Further later in the year, we will see reductions due to lower interchange fees that are expected to be implemented in August. So these are the headwinds on the fee side of the business.  On the other side, we do expect to see growth in fee income lines such as treasury management. Our brokerage business, insurance and trust, driven by increased cross-sell results and reflecting the impact of the strategic initiatives, including improved growth in households and in businesses. Non-interest expense is expected to increase slightly from the fourth quarter level due to continued investments to grow our business. Taking all these together, we anticipate continued growth in net income.  In Slide 34. In closing, I want to remind all the investors of several important messages. First, the balance sheet is strong, and that covers all aspects: liquidity, reserves and capital. With regard to capital, our ratios are strong and will continue to strengthen as we generate more equity through growth in earnings. We have the capacity to now consider assuming more active capital management actions, and we believe the repurchase of the TARP warrant yesterday reflects that capacity.  We already expect to continue to see substantially improved credit quality performance. We hear frequently, how soon will it be before charge-offs and provision expense return to normal levels? And we are continuing to attempt to answer that question. It's clearly shortening, but we're not yet in a position where we want to make that call. Our strategic initiatives continue to gain traction. Everyday, we're making progress in breaking away performance in a number of the units.  This is going to be an exciting year for Huntington, and we hope it will be for our investors as well. We hope that -- we thank you for your interest. So at this point, operator, would you open for questions, please?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Dave Rochester with Credit Suisse.
David Rochester - Crdit Suisse AG: Nice C&I growth this quarter. Can you give us any additional color there on where you saw that growth? Was that primarily middle market? Is there a growing component that's large corporate? And could you quantify how much of that came from the Equipment Finance business?
Daniel Neumeyer: Dave, this is Dan Neumeyer. We really saw a growth evenly spread over many of the units. We are seeing good growth in middle market. Some expansion in large corporate although it's still appropriate for our size and strategic direction. Equipment Finance is ramping up. We have started to see increased fundings there. I can't give you an exact dollar amount. But there definitely is -- we're starting to see the needle move there, and we'll see continued growth as we add the new verticals that Steve referenced earlier. The ABL group, which started up last year, is also gaining some traction. And we remain very active in the SBA market. So really, it's very broad-based growth, encompassing all areas, all segments, as well as pretty much spread throughout the geography.
Stephen Steinour: And we have a pipeline that's reasonable going into the new year, Dave, as well. So whether that's in part a reflection of the accelerated depreciation component of the tax code that was recently passed or more confidence in economic expansions, perhaps it's some combination. But we see activity being better in '11 than it was in '10.
David Rochester - Crdit Suisse AG: And just drilling down on the equipment finance, I know you've talked about that being a big opportunity for you. Can you sort of update us roughly where the portfolio is today, and how much you can see that grow over the next few years?
Stephen Steinour: Well, we're slightly over $1 billion today in terms of outstandings, and we could see that go up by $1 billion to $2 billion over the next couple of years.
David Rochester - Crdit Suisse AG: And switching to the auto side real quick. Could you give some color as to how much of that origination activity is coming from your new markets? And then what you ultimately see is the potential there for a long growth in the new markets in the next couple of years?
Stephen Steinour: We're very early in these newer markets. And so a modest amount of that growth in the quarter was reflective of new markets. We do think they are exciting. We're optimistic about it. And we could see originations in the combined new markets moving into the billion-dollar level over time. But that's a substantial growth from where it is currently.
David Rochester - Crdit Suisse AG: You've got a whole lot of capital flexibility now in terms of future actions, as you said. It sounds like you're expecting to increase the dividend later this year. Is that a fair statement?
Stephen Steinour: Well, we're not in a position to articulate any plans at this point. Nice try, Dave. We are, as a Board, having some discussions about different options. But we do not expect to do anything immediately.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe: I know in the Investor Day that you guys had a while back, you talked a lot about building out your platform for M&A. And I know you can't comment specifically on any deals but maybe you could just talk about what you're seeing up in your marker right now, on sort of whether there is an increase in sort of what I call zombie banks versus FDIC deals. What are you looking for? What's it going to take for you guys, or when do you plan to start getting more active in thinking about M&A?
Stephen Steinour: Ken, I'm going to ask Don to add to this in a minute. But I'll refer to what we've been saying throughout including on Investor Day. We have to continue to grow the core. That is a strategic imperative, and we're very focused on that. Having said that, we have made some investment in building out capabilities on the acquisition and integration front. We have brought on some people beyond those which we've announced. And as part of expanding capability and increasing capacity to do things, we're not feeling pressure in that regard. However, and again, the priority is grow the core. Don, what would you like to add?
Donald Kimble: I think it's a good thing to begin with Stephen. And as far as what's going on within our footprint, I would say that we have seen more interest being expressed from banks as far as consideration for acquisitions. I don't know if I'd use the phrase zombie banks, but some of the banks that are interested in having discussions have either capital and/or credit quality challenges that they're trying to address and deal with in considering all strategic options. But we're also seeing some pickup and calls from healthy, well-capitalized, strong credit quality type of banks and institutions that may be starting the process as to consider what their strategic options might be. And so I wouldn't want to forecast it as anytime soon as far as initiating any transactions. But I would say that the activity level has picked up from being non-existent, say, a couple quarters ago.
Ken Zerbe: Just in terms of your reserve, obviously, nonperformance is coming down dramatically. And I think we've seen really good progress over the last year. But your reserve ratio coming down but still fairly high, looks like your coverage is high. How quickly would you feel comfortable bringing down your reserve ratio to well below that 3% range?
Stephen Steinour: Well, it's in part a function of the mix. Now we're bringing down -- we're reducing our commercial real estate exposure. And that has been, for the last two years, the single largest concern for us on the credit risk front. But we still are over concentrated. We reduced the pre-portfolio by about $260 million, and we're running usually between $250 million, $300 million a quarter. But we're a billion-plus in aggregate exposure beyond that which we would prefer to be at. And so as we think about credit risks to the extent we are concerned, it's more weighted towards commercial real estate than the other portfolios. Dan, anything you want to add?
Daniel Neumeyer: That obviously is the single largest component of the ACL is the commercial real estate exposure, as Steve mentioned, as we're going to still plan to bring that down probably by another 20%. Obviously, the reserve will go down just from a size of the portfolio but also as we move out some of the problem credits, replaced with stronger credits. So we do see a continued downward trend. And obviously, we still have the general reserve which makes up about a third of the portfolio, and that's very much dependent on the economy. And we certainly aren't ready to call that all clear at this point. So it's an exercise we go through every quarter in analyzing where we want to be.
Stephen Steinour: We try to be cautious and prudent with this, and don't feel pressured to reduce it beyond the rate we're currently at.
Ken Zerbe: And how quickly do think you can get that 20% reduction?
Stephen Steinour: Well, if the trend lines continue, it would be plus or minus a year. But we can't control that, a lot of that's happening through refinance activity. And the CMBS market continues to open up and other things happen, particularly as it relates to the non-core that could create even you can see it in an accelerating environment, if things go well.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Nomura.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: I guess, when I think about the pre-provision outlook, one pushback I hear a lot is, it's more net interest income, it's less fees. And the net interest income includes growth in some products like auto and like equipment leasing that historically have a tendency to be cyclical products that banks historically have gotten in and then had to pull out of. So can you just kind of address as you expand into these new businesses and new geographies, how do you make sure you're getting appropriate risk-adjusted returns and make sure that today's source of growth doesn't become tomorrow's credit problem?
Stephen Steinour: I'll start, and then I'll ask Dan to add to it. First of all, we look at our production weekly on a number of fronts, including credit quality. So we know our FICO LTB every week, for the prior week. And these are markets that have good relative performance in other regions in the country in terms of expansion. And in auto, we've been in it for half a century and we've stayed in it. We've never been in or out. So we have a lot of confidence on the auto front. On the Equipment Finance side, in addition to Rick Remiker, we have been adding expertise both in the channel, and then we've made substantial investments in our credit and credit risk management capabilities over the last two years. And so I'll let Dan pick up from that.
Daniel Neumeyer: When we're looking at expansions, whether it be into new business segments or geographies, part of the analysis that goes in is, can we continue to conduct these businesses with the same risk profile. We are not lowering our standards, as Steve mentioned, when we look at -- we're not going to go into other geographies unless we know that we can maintain the same cutoffs and FICO scores and et cetera. And as Equipment Finance, for an example there, that's an area where we're actually going upmarket. I think the quality of the type of customer we're adding today is much stronger. We have played more on the smaller end. And so I actually think that the growth is going to be with stronger companies and that our performance will actually improve over time because of that. So I think we're very thoughtful before we make any of these moves. All of these ideas are better -- we go through a process of analyzing risk return. And so I don't think we're taking on any outside risk or anything that we're going to have to jump into and jump out of.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: On auto specifically as a follow-up. There's some concern because one of your competitors last week started pulling back from that business because pricing had gotten too competitive. Can you talk about pricing? And if you gave this already, I missed it. Do you have a weighted average price of new originations now, because I guess there's some concern that the auto yields on the balance sheet are slipping each quarter?
Stephen Steinour: As far as the return, our credit adjusted returns have been fairly consistent over the last couple of quarters. We did see origination volume come down a little bit in the fourth quarter from the third quarter. But the volumes were still very strong, and the clients were really more based on the activity. We have not talked about what the go-to rate is for new originations, but typically they've been around 2.25% to 2.5% type of credit adjusted spread. So you will continue to see some declines in that yield prospectively just because the current origination volumes are still below the current rate of roughly 540, that's the average yield in the portfolio.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Miller with FBR Capital Markets.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Going back to CRE because it's such an important topic here. What loan categories or what loan segments do you think are doing the worse and relatively, what loan segments are doing the best? And can you remind us what you consider non-core in that CRE book that you would like to run off?
Stephen Steinour: Sure, the non-core are basically single loan relationships. They also tend to include the weaker relationships but they are basically defined as we do not have the full relationship cross-selling of services and so forth. So they are the loans that we are looking to exit unless we can have a fuller relationship with them. To be categorized as core, we also looked at the ability to -- the global debt service coverage availability, excess liquidity and so forth. So the core customers in addition to having a full relationship also tend to be the stronger credits that can sustain themselves through the cycle. And thus far, our core portfolio has held up exceedingly well.  The biggest area of risk for us has been in retail. But we've also made our way through that portfolio. And actually in the last quarter, we actually saw for the first time more edits being upgraded in their risk profile than being downgraded. So in addition to cutting the size of that portfolio, recognizing charge-offs, et cetera, we're also starting to see a bit of a turn there, largely because we've been working that portfolio diligently for about the last 18 months. Many of the other areas continue to be challenged, but we also have, in all areas, reduced the level of exposure and have recognized our biggest hits. So there's nothing out there that we are extremely concerned about, other than in the general context of it's a still difficult environment.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: And then getting back to David Rochester's question, and I want to ask it a little bit differently, how do you view overall capital management between returning earnings for shareholders and M&A?
Stephen Steinour: Well, at this point, we haven't articulated that point of view, and it's a discussion that is underway with our board. And we would expect to be back later this year with some guidance on that. But we'll be thoughtful on that regard and want to come forward with a sustaining view. Anything you want to add, Don?
Donald Kimble: I think it's important that we also are very focused on the fact that our dividend is at a low level. And over time that we will want to address that for our retail shareholders especially. But as Steve said, we've had active dialogue with our board as far as prioritization of the use of that capital and making sure that we're prudent in the deployment of that as well.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Because I think one of the things that has surprised me is how the deal values have recovered so quickly after everything was done with FDIC wraps, and now you're seeing some pretty rich deals going on. Steve, can you just address that, and add some color to it? Does that surprise you also? Or did you just can't underestimate the willingness of guys doing -- to do a merger?
Stephen Steinour: Well, I'm sure everybody on the phone is closer to it than us. But since you asked for a specific comment, I am surprised. And when you take loan marks into price, I'm very surprised at this point in the cycle. That's why I keep coming back to our challenge and our priority is for P&L growth. And with that, we would expect to have opportunities that we would find interesting from a return profile, and I think that there will be some out there. But we're not feeling any pressure or any reason to be compelled to get in the M&A game at some of the levels we're seeing.
Paul Miller - FBR Capital Markets & Co.: Steve, I don't know. I got cut off, I don't know if anybody else got cut off. But I got cut off in the very beginning of you answering the question. What did you say in the very beginning?
Stephen Steinour: The rationale for why we believe growing the core is so fundamental to our priority and our focus is in part reflecting this level of pricing. So I'm not going to comment on specific deals or others. But just -- since you asked, I'll share with you, I am surprised in particularly when you take the loan marks into the overall price. I'm very surprised at some of the levels going off at this point in the cycle. So we're not feeling pressured to pursue anything. If we can get something that we think is an interesting return for our shareholders and will be additive to what we're trying to do strategically, then we take a hard look at it. But it is very surprising to me how quickly it's bounced back.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tony Davis with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I hate to belabor the CRE point, Dan. But I think you got about $2.8 billion of loans maturing or coming up for refinancing this year. I wonder how that breaks out between core and non-core? And how much of that you've addressed at this point? And I guess, maybe you said in the last quarter or so how many of those loans you've actually sort of put to bed?
Daniel Neumeyer: Tony, it's not that of that amount. It's not like these loans haven't been reviewed recently. So when we look at what's coming up from maturity this year, many of those loans have been already reviewed and have been put on short-term extensions. Obviously for our non-core borrowers, we keep them on a shorter string. And so we might do 12-month extensions just to kind of advance them forward and see what the market will bring in a year. So we are not -- these loans get revisited monthly in many cases, so nothing looming out there where we say we have a bunch of problems to deal with. But I would say the core loans tend to have longer maturities on them, the non-core, again, we're just moving those down in shorter-term extensions year-to-year to see how things are going to occur over a 12-month period. So we're not concerned about what we have maturing because we're very much aware of what's there and have plans in place to address each of them upon maturity.
Stephen Steinour: Tony, the vast majority that's already been dealt with once or more in the context of an extension. And the strategy has always been to stay short and look to provide either the benefit of a full relationship in a few cases or additional incentive to refinance.
Anthony Davis - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Your earlier comment about classification sort of reaching breakeven -- I think, everyone in the CRE, Dan, looking at the total portfolio, can you give us some color, I guess, on where we are in terms of getting to a point where rating upgrades really do begin to outnumber downgrades for everything?
Stephen Steinour: Yes. We've started to see in the middle of, I guess, it was in the spring, we started to see upgrades outpace downgrades. Then if you recall, we had the blip in the summer with a lot of the kind of European crisis. After that, we saw a reversal and so for a time, we actually saw downgrades. But now we're once again in a path of seeing upgrades. So I think we're gaining some momentum. And when you look at the combination of upgrades, payments, et cetera, we are starting to see a lot of improvement. I think that's reflected in some of the TARPs we covered earlier.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erika Penala with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: My first question is on the pretax pre-provision guidance. Does that include the adoption of the Durbin amendment as proposed?
Stephen Steinour: It does include an estimate of the impact of the Durbin amendment. But we're still not sure exactly what the final proposal will be. The range was $0.07 to $0.12 cap, as far as per transaction, and we know that's still being reviewed. So our guidance for the full year does include an impact adopted.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: But would you be in that $0.07 or $0.12 range, or are you assuming mitigants on top of that?
Stephen Steinour: I don't know if we've given specificity as far as that. But it would definitely be closer to the $0.12 range as opposed to the $0.07 range as far as our expectations.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: And given the headwinds on the fee side and your Fair Play banking philosophy, we've heard a lot of banks sort of introduce wholesale changes to how they're charging fees on the deposits side. Are you close to doing the same thing? Or is it just an evolving process?
Stephen Steinour: Erika, we're continuing to assess. And I expect we'll be one of the later, if not very last banks to articulate our position and don't feel any compelling reason to take a different timeline. We have been able to grow revenue significantly over the course of the last year and a half or so. And we expect to be able to continue to grow revenue and deal with these headwinds. So it gives us perhaps a bit of a strength at least relative to some of the banks in terms of how we approach this very unique moment in the history of banking, at least modern history of banking.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: Forgive me if I misunderstood this, but at your Analyst Day in the early fall, it seems as if your tone was more aggressive in terms of getting ahead of the market with introducing new products. And it sounds like you're taking the opposite path. Could you give us a sense of what your thought process is behind changing the timing of where you would like to be in introducing fees in your deposit products side?
Stephen Steinour: Fees are only a feature of the products. We have product plans in our treasury management that are rolling out as scheduled. We have other products that are coming online, and we have some deposit product changes that will be occurring later this year on a planned schedule. We're just not articulating what the elements of those will be as it relates to the consumer deposit products at this point. We're very bullish on what's going on with our treasury management products and capabilities and excited for that. And we're just not feeling we need to play the cards yet on what we're thinking about on the consumer side.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: I understand the lack of commitment in terms of the timing to normalize credit. But could you give us a sense in terms of how you define normalized with regards to either a normal charge-off level, or what reserves would look like in a new, more stringent regulatory environment relative to your loan book?
Stephen Steinour: Well, the normalized will probably start with provision and be followed by charge-off. There is, I think, or I hope anyway there'll be some further guidance out of the regulators around procyclical reserving some time this year. As we've said, we would expect to continue to deliver credit quality improvement, and we feel very adequately reserved at this point. So with continued improvement, that will create a basis for some measured reduction in the current reserves, absent other factors like extraordinary loan growth.
Erika Penala - Merrill Lynch: If the regulators are a little behind in terms of giving the industry guidance and procyclicality, where would you be comfortable drawing your reserve down relative to your loan book?
Stephen Steinour: I don't think we've taken that position. We have had internal discussions, and we'll continue with that. And we do, however, believe that the historical 1% is too low. And we do not anticipate getting in or around that zip code. But we haven't gone beyond that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Jefferies.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Can you just talk a little bit about C&I competition? There was another area where the loan yields did come in meaningfully. Can you touch on just what you're seeing across the markets, and is it continuing to get tighter?
Donald Kimble: This is Don, before I ask Steve or Dan to talk about the competition, as far as the loan yields in commercial, they were impacted by this reduction and accretion of the swap income that we had as a result of swaps that were previously terminated, and we have gains and they're being amortized. And so there's about a $6 million reduction that flows through the commercial loan yields as far as the impact. And so that's a big driver of that reduction in absolute yield for that book. So I just want to make sure we put that in context first. But Dan, any thoughts there?
Daniel Neumeyer: I mean, clearly, the competitive aspect of the market is heating up. Everybody's looking for quality credit. And so on the larger, stronger deals, we are seeing margin compression. Although, I think we're still able to get a fair margin. And no matter what loans we're looking at, we are looking to cross-sell other relationships. So we take that into account. There's more than just the interest spread on most of these. In fact, all the way up through our large corporate book, even in our shared national credit book we have 70-plus percent of our loans are cross-sold, 40% deeply cross-sold, so that's an element of it as well. But in answer to your question, there is competition heating up. But we still feel that we're able to gain good quality credits and even move some market share.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Don, to follow on about your point about the swaps, that was going to be my second question is, can you remind us again the magnitude of the swap roll-off that happens throughout the year? And is that clearly embedded in your margin guidance?
Donald Kimble: It is embedded in our margin guidance, and it's about a $6 million reduction for each of the next two quarters.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And can you expand on the margin guidance a little bit more than just the ability to keep it flat to up from here? Is that solely going to be based on the positive repricing that we're going to see throughout the year on deposits? Are there any other factors that we can think about as far as you're potentially keeping the margin flat to growing it?
Donald Kimble: One of the areas of the most pressure on our margin has been the fact that our deposit growth have exceeded loan growth. And our outlook for next year would assume that loan growth approximates deposit growth, and so we won't have that component of the pressure prospectively. And then, we'll continue to see the improvement in the overall mix that we continue to expect to see strong demand deposit growth and shifting for more of the time deposit book into the transaction account, and as well as repricing the money market deposits as well. We had seen a lot of growth occur with the benefit of some teaser rates, and those teaser rates are starting to be migrated back to more the normal or current levels, which should provide some additional margin expansion for us as well.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Just on mortgage banking. It held up very well certainly compared to many of your peers being flat, and you had a great performance in terms of the origination. I was just wondering if you can help us understand what drove that sequential improvement in the origination-related revenues? And if you can help us size any understanding of just how much you might expect mortgage to normalize in 2011 versus '10?
Donald Kimble: We did have strong refinance and origination activity throughout the fourth quarter. We did start to see the application volumes clearly dry up later in the quarter, and so our expectation would be to see pressure there. So we were roughly at $50 million for each of the last two quarters as far as mortgage income. But we would expect it to return to more normal levels prospectively. And so, we will see some pressure early on as far as seeing that drop to probably in the $30 million plus or minus range as far as mortgage origination fee. So that's a part of the expectation.
Kenneth Usdin - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: And if you're going to that much magnitude of drop which is, I think, expected and understandable plus the potential interchange stuff, can you just talk us through what are the biggest areas of other fee categories that you actually see growing to help mitigate those declines?
Donald Kimble: A number of the areas we've talked about include treasury management revenues. And so some of those will come through deposit balance, but we'll also see a lot of fee income coming from treasury management. And that's been a clear initiative for us over the last year and expect to see some very strong performance for that prospectively. Investment management, brokerage type of activities, insurance are all beneficiaries of our cross-sell cross referral efforts. And so we would expect to see growth coming through, through those channels as well. And as we also commented, we do expect our net interest income to continue to grow for us and help to minimize the impact for some of these either regulatory mandated fee reductions and/or the impact of the lower mortgage origination volumes as well.
Operator: We have reached the end of this conference call. I'll turn the call back over to our presenters for closing remarks.
Jay Gould: Thank you, Simon, and thank you, everybody, for participating in the call. If you have further questions, feel free to call myself or Todd. We'll be here to take your questions. Thank you again.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Steinour - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Don Kimble - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Dan Neumeyer - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer Mary Navarro - Senior Executive Vice President on Retail & Business Banking Director and Todd Beekman - Senior Vice President, Assistant Director of Investor Relations Jay Gould - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts : Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus Aleina Kim  UBS Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer & Company David Long  Raymond James Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets Jack Micenko  Sam Indigo Gulf Robert Patten  Morgan Keegan
Operator: Good morning. My name is Christopher and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntingtons Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remark, there will be question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) I now would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jay Gould. You may begin your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you, Chris, and good morning everybody. I am Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. The copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our website, www.huntington.com and as usual, this call is being recorded and will be available as rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Please call investor relations at 614-480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings or playback, or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides. Slide 2, 3, 4, notes several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you, as always, to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe thats helpful to understanding Huntingtons results of operations or financial position, where non-GAAP financial measures are used to comparable GAAP financial measure as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the slide presentations and its appendix and the press release and the quarterly financial review supplement to todays earnings release or in the related Form 8-K filed today, all of which can be found on our website. Turning to slide 5, todays discussion including the Q-&-A period may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on the information and assumptions available at this time and are subjected to changes, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer this slide and material filed with the SEC including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K. Now, turning to todays presentation, as noted on slide 6, participating today, our Steve Steinour, Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer, Don Kimble, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Dan Neumeyer, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer, also present is Mary Navarro, Senior Executive Vice President on Retail & Business Banking Director and Todd Beekman, Senior Vice President, Assistant Director of Investor Relations. Lets get started and turn to slide number 7, and Steve, take it away.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Jay. Welcome everyone. Ill begin with a review of the third quarter performance highlights after my overview; Don will follow with his usual overview of our financial performance. Dan will provide an update on credit and then well turn with the discussion of our near-term outlook and key messages to our investors. I want to repeat some key points we made in our September Investor Day that are critical for understanding what is driving this company and our financial performance. First we have, we are in a period of continued economic weakness, Im going to get back to what we all remembered for years. Economic growth will be slowly and choppy, second is the permanent change in consumer and business behavior. Consumers and businesses are deleveraging and will be reluctant to relevarage. There is a new appreciation for savings and cash accumulation, and there is an intense focus on value, and for spending lower absolute amount. And while convince is always been important to customers today its more important than ever, third the impact of increased regulation, this means pressure on revenue, higher compliances cost and an increase in prospective capital requirements. So, to position Huntington to win in this type of environment, we first needed to get our credit issues addressed. We believe the aggressive actions taken last year to identify and resolve credit issues accomplished this objective, but continued credit improvement in the third quarter and our ability to maintain strong reserves while also reducing provision expense is evidence of our success from this front. Next we needed to develop and implement a strategic plan that would position Huntington to grow core revenues, and win in this type of new environment. Our strategic plan was developed and lounged last year and it continues to be implemented, and will evolve. And while it has many aspects, two are worth noting. First was the decision to make significant investments to organically grow revenue. This included increase in our cross-sell capabilities as well as making investments and developing new revenue streams, distribution channels and the talent to manage this expansion. The most recent example was our announcement of a 15 year agreement with Giant Eagle to rollout a 103 in-store branches over the next two years. We also, this week announced the hiring of Jeff Dennes a nationally recognized leader in online, mobile and payments industry and Jeff will be our Director of Online and Mobile Services. Second, and in response to the environmental and customer attitude, and behavioral changes just mentioned we adopted our Fair Play banking philosophy discussed last month. One aspect was last months introduction of 24-Hour Grace on personal overdraft fees. This is creating significant market buzz. Customers are noticing and responding. We believe thats the benefit of accelerated customer acquisition and the revenue we will generate will more than offset the fees given up, both voluntarily as well as those that are regulatory driven through Reg E and otherwise. The implementation of our strategic initiatives creates an earnings dynamic, where expense growth precedes related revenue gains. Usually in this situation, earnings growth slows down or plateaus. And some of that is evident in our third quarter performance.
 : This growth is evident and net interest income growth thats reflected strong growth in auto loans in two consecutive quarters now of C&I loan growth. Given all of this and whats going on in the environment you can understand why were pleased that for three consecutive quarters weve reported higher net income. In sum the third quarter represented another meaningful step forward in moving Huntington to stronger financial performance and for breaking away from some of our competition. Now lets begin more detailed discussion turning to Slide 8. We reported net income of $100.9 million or $0.10 and the performance drivers with lover provision expense and higher net interest income, and we believe these trends will continue. Our pre-tax, pre-provision income was $265 million, down $5 million or 2% from the second quarter. On one hand, given the revenue and economic environment challenges, this is not unexpected, but we are not satisfied with this performance. The primary driver of our growth in pre-tax income was the $74 million data decline in provision for credit losses as we continue to see significant credit quality improvement, such as an 18% decline in non-accrual loans and a 7% decrease in net charge-off, excluding Franklin-related impacts in the second quarter. Even though our allowance for credit loss as a percentage of period-end loans declined, as Dan will elaborate our non-accrual loan coverage increased to 140% from 120% and we believe our key credit metrics such as reserved coverage and non-performing loan and NPL ratio now fall within the top quartile performance, while also showing a clear and sustained trend line. Also contributing growth in pre-tax income was $7.9 million or 1% increase in fully tax equivalent revenue, which was driven by $10.4 million or a 3% increase in fully taxable equivalent net interest income. Our net interest margin was 3.45% down one basis point and we posted a 1% increase annualized in total average loans and leases, reflecting the auto growth and the C&I growth mentioned earlier. Fee income declined $2.5 million or 1% primarily driven by lower service charges on deposit accounts and partially offsetting these benefits was the $13.5 million increase in non-interest expense primarily reflecting the ongoing implementation of our strategic initiatives. Turning to slide 9, all of our period-end capital ratios improved. Regulatory Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratio are $2.9 billion and $2.2 billion above well capitalized regulatory thresholds. Our tangible common equity ratio improved 8 bps to 6.2% and our Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio improved 30 basis points to 7.36%. Lastly our liquidity position remains strong, we saw a 2% annualized core deposit growth with the period-end loan to deposit ratio of 91%. As shown on slide 10, we continue to move forward without positioning for growth with the implementation of strategic initiatives designed to grow future revenue, and these included increasing the investment in our brand, this is evidenced by higher marketing expenses, by retail and business banking introduction of Fair Play banking philosophy and our launch of 24-Hour Grace net product over that feature gives our retail customers one business day to cover an account overdraft with no penalty, with no charge. Additionally, our Auto Finance group continues its expansion eastward by complementing an earlier expansion in the Eastern Pennsylvania with now an expansion into five New England States. Each of these initiatives is specifically targeted to grow revenue, the appendix of slide showing all other initiatives since the first quarter of 2009. We have and are very excited, we are very excited about the cumulative impact and opportunities these represent. So let me turn the presentation over to Don to review the details. Don?
 : This growth is evident and net interest income growth thats reflected strong growth in auto loans in two consecutive quarters now of C&I loan growth. Given all of this and whats going on in the environment you can understand why were pleased that for three consecutive quarters weve reported higher net income. In sum the third quarter represented another meaningful step forward in moving Huntington to stronger financial performance and for breaking away from some of our competition. Now lets begin more detailed discussion turning to Slide 8. We reported net income of $100.9 million or $0.10 and the performance drivers with lover provision expense and higher net interest income, and we believe these trends will continue. Our pre-tax, pre-provision income was $265 million, down $5 million or 2% from the second quarter. On one hand, given the revenue and economic environment challenges, this is not unexpected, but we are not satisfied with this performance. The primary driver of our growth in pre-tax income was the $74 million data decline in provision for credit losses as we continue to see significant credit quality improvement, such as an 18% decline in non-accrual loans and a 7% decrease in net charge-off, excluding Franklin-related impacts in the second quarter. Even though our allowance for credit loss as a percentage of period-end loans declined, as Dan will elaborate our non-accrual loan coverage increased to 140% from 120% and we believe our key credit metrics such as reserved coverage and non-performing loan and NPL ratio now fall within the top quartile performance, while also showing a clear and sustained trend line. Also contributing growth in pre-tax income was $7.9 million or 1% increase in fully tax equivalent revenue, which was driven by $10.4 million or a 3% increase in fully taxable equivalent net interest income. Our net interest margin was 3.45% down one basis point and we posted a 1% increase annualized in total average loans and leases, reflecting the auto growth and the C&I growth mentioned earlier. Fee income declined $2.5 million or 1% primarily driven by lower service charges on deposit accounts and partially offsetting these benefits was the $13.5 million increase in non-interest expense primarily reflecting the ongoing implementation of our strategic initiatives. Turning to slide 9, all of our period-end capital ratios improved. Regulatory Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratio are $2.9 billion and $2.2 billion above well capitalized regulatory thresholds. Our tangible common equity ratio improved 8 bps to 6.2% and our Tier 1 common risk-based capital ratio improved 30 basis points to 7.36%. Lastly our liquidity position remains strong, we saw a 2% annualized core deposit growth with the period-end loan to deposit ratio of 91%. As shown on slide 10, we continue to move forward without positioning for growth with the implementation of strategic initiatives designed to grow future revenue, and these included increasing the investment in our brand, this is evidenced by higher marketing expenses, by retail and business banking introduction of Fair Play banking philosophy and our launch of 24-Hour Grace net product over that feature gives our retail customers one business day to cover an account overdraft with no penalty, with no charge. Additionally, our Auto Finance group continues its expansion eastward by complementing an earlier expansion in the Eastern Pennsylvania with now an expansion into five New England States. Each of these initiatives is specifically targeted to grow revenue, the appendix of slide showing all other initiatives since the first quarter of 2009. We have and are very excited, we are very excited about the cumulative impact and opportunities these represent. So let me turn the presentation over to Don to review the details. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks Steve. Slide 11 provides the summary of our quarterly earning trends. Many of the performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation. Lets move on. Slide 12 is a summary income statement and shows that the $68.6 million increase in pre-tax income reflected the benefits of a $74.2 million decline in provision expense and $10.3 million increase in net interest income, which were partially offset by a $13.5 million increase in expenses and a $2.5 million decrease in noninterest income. Ill detail these changes and such enquiries. I think a point Steve made earlier -- this is exactly the dynamic that we were expecting, by addressing our credit issues last year we have seen a quick improvement in credit cost. This allows us to fund our strategic initiatives while not interrupting our net income growth. Further as the benefits of our strategic initiatives, continue to grow our objective is to continued earnings growth, once credit cost return to more normal levels. Turning to slide 13, we show the trends and our revenues in our pre-tax, pre-provision income on the left hand side of the slide. Revenues have continued to grow throughout the last seven quarters. Revenues for the third quarter were up 9% over the third quarter of last year. Our pre-tax, pre-provision earnings are up 11% from the last year despite a 2% decline from the previous quarter. This decline was caused by several factors including a drop in dispositive service charge revenues of $10 million. We expect pre-tax, pre-provision levels to remain relatively stable, even taken into account the remaining impact of Reg E, our Fair Play banking philosophy and lower expected mortgage banking revenues. Slide 14 depicts the trends of our net interest income and margin. During the third quarter, our fully-taxable equivalent net interest income increased by $10.4 million reflecting a 1 basis point decline in our net interest margin to 3.45% and a 0.9 billion increase to our average earning asset base. The margin change reflected several impacts. First was a favorable impact of our deposit mix and pricing changes. The mix shift from our time deposit for more transaction based core deposits both reduced our cost, but also result in a more stable deposit base for us as well. Offsetting this positive impact was a $7.5 million or 6 basis points reduction to margin coming from the Franklin-related loans. During the third quarter, we completed the sale of Franklin-related loans resulting in a reduction to net interest income. This loss of revenue will be more than offset by the reduction and servicing related costs encouraged for the Franklin-related loans. We would expect Franklin-related expenses declined by $4 million next quarter due to the sale. Other items impacting the quarter included lower interest income on our interest rate derivatives. Also the day count negatively impacted the third quarter margins. Continuing on to slide 15, we show the change in our deposit mix over the last five quarters. The shift from 40% of our deposits in time and noncore to 29% has improved our margin by 22 basis points. Turning to Slide 16, we showed a 1% growth in total core deposits, this was driven by strong growth in money market accounts as interest bearing demand deposits declined. Slide 17 shows the trends on our loan and lease portfolio. Total commercial loans were down $0.1 billion or 1%. The decline reflected the anticipated decline in commercial real estate balances. The $0.1 billion increase the C&I loans reflected improving customer acquisition resulting from some of the early benefits of our strategic initiatives including growth in our equipment finance area. These increases were not impacted by increasing utilization rates as they remained at historic low levels of 42%. Consumer loans were up $0.3 billion or 2% from the prior quarter. The $0.5 billion increase in average automobile loans and leases reflected record originations of over $1 billion this past quarter. These originations continue to reflect very high credit quality and reasonable returns. Slide 18 shows the trends in our noninterest income category. Our noninterest income decreased by $2.5 million from the prior quarter. Our deposit service charges were down by $10 million reflecting am option of the changes to Reg E and the early stage impact of our Fair Play banking philosophy. We would expect a similar decline in deposit service charges over the next quarter. OREOs banking revenues increased by $6.5 million reflecting an 81% increase in origination in secondary marketing income on $1.6 billion of origination. This increase was offset by a $7.9 million decreased to MSR hedging income. In the second quarter of the MSR hedging income reflected a change to the underlined prepayment assumption for MSR asset, which contribute a $12.2 million benefit to income last quarter. The next slide is the summary of our expense trend. Total expenses were up $13.5 million from the prior quarter. This reflected a $13.4 million increase in personnel cost. This increase was due to a 1.5% increase in staffing levels attributed to the strategic initiative implemented over the last several quarters, higher production related incentives of $5.6 million and higher pension in 401(k) related cost was $3.2 million. OREO and foreclosure expenses were up $7.1 million from the second quarter as the prior quarter included a $3.7 million OREO gain from the current quarter included a $2 million Franklin-related OREO loss. We are continuing to manage down our OREO portfolio. Marking costs were also up $3.2 million attributed to the brand advertising campaign. The decline of professional services of $3.7 million reflects the reduction in the servicing cost for the Franklin-related loans. Continued reduction in this cost should be reflected in the fourth quarter. Slide 20 is a summary of our capital trend. The current quarters net income resulted in an increase to our tangible common equity ratio to 6.2% from 6.12%, despite a $1.4 billion increase to our asset base, reflecting even stronger improvement our Tier 1 capital ratio, which increased to 7.36% from 7.06% and our Tier 1 ratio, which increased to 12.76% from 12.51%. These increases not only benefited from the capital accretive earnings, but also from a decrease in the total disallowed deferred tax asset for a regulatory capital purposes from a $191 million at June 30, to $113 million as of September 30. The first tax asset realization for regulatory capital purposes improved the ratio by about 18 basis points. Turning to slide 21, our initial review of deposal free capital guidelines would suggest a minimal impact on regulatory capital ratios less than 10 basis points. This is after adjusting our Tier 1 ratio for the Trust preferred securities, which currently adds about 133 basis points with this ratio. Related to our TARP repayment plan, our message is based for the same. We recognized that our earnings are returning to our core level, and thats a positive, yet the economy remains fragile. Also, additional clarity is needed from the regulators on the interpretation of the Basel III accord. As weve said previously, our objective is to repay when we believe it is prudent to do so. Let me turn the presentation over to Daniel Neumeyer to review credit trends. Dan?
Dan Neumeyer: Thanks Don. Slide 22 provides an overview of our credit quality trends. We continue to make very good progress in improving our credit quality metrics. Both the nonaccrual loan ratio and the nonperforming asset ratio showed significant improvement in the quarter, the later aided by the sale of Franklin-assets that removed to help for sale in the second quarter and disposed in the third quarter. We continue to see continued meaningful reductions in our nonperformers in the coming quarter. Criticized loan levels also continued to decline despite unsettled economic conditions. The net charge-off ratio sold to 1.98% on an annualized basis, a further reduction from the prior quarter. 90 day loans past due and accruing interest saw a very slight up-tick in the quarter, not unexpected given seasonal patterns and consumer behavior. The ACL ratio moved from 3.67% from 3.9%, although coverage ratios on both nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets continue to show very healthy improvement given significantly lower nonperforming asset levels. The ACL to criticized asset ratio also showed stronger coverage, an indication that we are adequately reserved against emerging problem loans. We continue to work to rebound the portfolio with an emphasis on reducing noncore commercial real estate exposure while continue to grow C&I and consumer categories. Indirect auto is originating record volumes with excellent credit quality metrics. Slide 23 provides the graphic presentation of the nonaccrual loan and nonperforming asset trends on the left side of the slide and the nonaccrual loan inflow on the right side. The overall trend and nonaccrual loans and nonperforming assets continue to be very positive and exhibits very meaningful improvement in the last four quarters. Nonaccrual inflows did experience an increase in the quarter reflecting a continued fragile economy. Several larger credits contributed much of the increase and were placed on nonaccrual in line with our continued conservative posture of early recognition and resolution of emerging problem loan. 30% of our total commercial loans are nonaccrual remain current on principal and interest. Turning to slide 24, we can review the entire nonperforming asset flow analysis. As mentioned, we did see an increase in new NPAs in the third quarter reflecting continued economic stress and the uneven nature of the commercial portfolio recovery. However, we also saw an increase in loans returning to accruing status and an increase in payments. These factors along with asset sales contributed to a 30% reduction in NPAs for the quarter, the most significant reduction in some time. Slide 25 continues our disclosure around the level of criticized commercial loans. Criticized commercial loans fell at 11% for the second consecutive quarter showing sustained momentum in the level of problem loan resolution. The fragility of the economic environment remains apparent as we continue to see an inflow of new watch list loan. However, we also continue to see a healthy level of loans moving back to the past category by a risk rating upgrade and an increase in the level of paid-ons on these criticized loans. It is our expectation that despite a challenging economic outlook, well continue to make good progress in reducing our overall level of criticized loans in the coming quarters. Reflecting the unevenness of the recovery, our total commercial loans 30-day delinquencies increased to 1.08% from 0.95% at the end of the second quarter. Almost all these loans are managed by our Special Assets Department and received the highest level of scrutiny and attention. 90 days past dues remain at zero for the fourth consecutive quarter, again reflecting our aggressive treatment of developing problem loans. Slide 27 demonstrates the improved credit quality associated with consumer portfolios. Overall consumer delinquencies in the 30-day category continue to exhibit an improving trend. Residential Mortgage and Auto continue to show improvement from the prior quarter, while home equity loans and lines exhibited a small increase. In the 90-day category, auto and home equity holds fairly steady from the prior quarter, while residential delinquencies demonstrated an increase. Although, some seasonal upticks are anticipated, we continue to manage our delinquency levels very closely and expect the overall positive trend to continue. Delinquency measures in all consumer categories were better than at 930 one year ago. Our consumer portfolio consists primarily of loans within our footprint and in a relationship base. We continue to originate high-quality assets with high FICO scores and reasonable loan to value. Turning to slide 28, commercial net charge-offs continues to show an improving trend falling 10% from the prior quarter. Lower levels of NPA should allow us to  show continued declines in commercial charge-offs. Consumer loan charge-offs were flat in dollar terms, but as the percentage of loans fell due to additional loan growth primarily in auto. While high employment rates and economic malaise continue to present challenges in the consumer portfolio, the relationship nature of our portfolio coupled with early intervention in managing delinquencies should allow us to exhibit continued positive momentum in the consumer book. Turning to slide 29, the loan-loss provision for the third quarter of $119 million was less than charge-offs of $184 million. This resulted in ACL to loan of 3.67 down from 3.9 at June 30th. Importantly, the coverage ratio of ACL to NAL increased significantly from 120% at June 30th to 140% at September 30th. Also, the coverage ratio relative to criticized assets continue to increase and overall credit quality remained much improved. We believe this level of coverage is very healthy and quite strong relative to our peer group. We also believe that it is appropriate given a difficult economic environment that remains before us. Overall, we remain very pleased with our progress on the credit front and all our portfolios. We are cognizant of the challenges that remain before us and are confident in our ability to navigate through them while demonstrating continued improvement in our credit metrics. Let me turn the presentation back to Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Id like to use slide 30 to recap the current thinking regarding near-term expectations. The time period covered by these expectations is beyond the fourth quarter, which to some extent is driven by what happens in the economy. So here is our thinking, its going to remain generally weak, no meaningful change is expected, confidence continues to be a challenge at very low levels. We are not anticipating, however, a double-dip recession. We do believe, however, that any recovery is getting pushed further and further out. The key drivers of net income growth are expected to be from net interest income and lower provision for credit losses, reflecting our expectation for continued improvement in our key credit metrics including reductions in nonperforming assets and lower charge-offs which we saw in the third quarter. Again, pre-tax, pre-provision earnings will likely remain comparable to a 2010 year-to-date performance with similar dynamics of that seen in the third quarter performance. We anticipate modest loan growth driven by continued strong growth in Auto and some growth in C&I loans partially offset by continued decline in commercial real estate loans. We still do not anticipate much if any growth to home equity loans.
 : We continue to expect growth and demand deposit savings accounts, and although we may choose to manage that growth differently if we continue to see limited reinvestment options. Fee income growth we expect will be mixed. We anticipate improvements in our strategic initiatives as they gain further traction, get much of the growth near term may be mitigated by lower mortgage banking income, and decline in service charges on deposits. Net interest expense is expected to remain relatively stable with third quarter performance with growth from strategic initiatives mitigated by lower credit related and to some extent similar marketing expenses. Taking all of this together, we anticipate continued modest growth in net income. On slide 31, in closing I want to remind all of our investors and customers with several key messages, our balance sheet is strong and our capital levels are sufficient and getting stronger with each passing profitable quarter. Our substantially improved credit quality performance position for us to obtain top hostile performance. Our strategic initiatives continue to gain traction and while the environment is challenging everyday, we are making progress. We are clearly on the move, we are growing and getting stronger. So, thank you for your interest in Huntington. Operator, well now take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Paul Miller from FBR Capital Market. Your line is now open. Again, Mr. Miller from FBR Capital Market, your line is now open.
Steve Steinour:
, :
 :
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley:
 :
Don Kimble: Ken, this is Don. I think it will out, and the room is pointed my way, so I guess I will take a crack at this question. But as far as the initiative, many of them have a six to nine-month type of a payback period as far as from the investments and the people and so the challenge weve had is we have been compounding many of these on top of one another. So we did see some expense growth this past quarter that was an outlier compared to the revenue growth. But I would say that we are expecting us to see the returns later this year, expense increases this past quarter reflected not only from the initiatives, but also there is a benefit from some of the higher levels of mortgage production, which resulted in higher incentive cost for us as well. So each one these will have a different defined payback period, thats a general guideline.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley: Okay, alright. And then the other concern I had was on the DTA, the disallowed DTA for Reg capital, rough math I guess something like 66 basis point is still left to be recognized, but I may be off a couple points, you used to talk about the timing of when you do expect to ultimately receive all the benefit from the DTA and the other thing is do regulators view that as actually legitimate capital when they think about you guys repaying TARP?
Don Kimble: Ken, as far as the DTA, weve got about $113 million left and so its probably a little different than the 68 basis point type of calculation. I think on roughly $43 billion and risk weighted asset, but we would expect that to be realized throughout the next several quarters of through 2011. So, I think that we will see that come back. As far as how the regulators would view that in connection with any TARP repayment, it is recognized for GAAP purposes and for regulatory capital purposes, but I dont know there will be any differentiation as far as that type of asset. I think even though new Basel III requirement, take a look at what level of details in other more intangible assets are compared to total Tier1 capital and we will be below that threshold as well.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley: Alright, great thank you.
Don Kimble: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Tony Davis from Stifel Nicolaus. Your line is now open.
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: Good morning Steve. Don, I hate to ask this, but I wonder if you could just address the repurchase exposure on loan sales to the GSEs and private label?
Don Kimble: Sure, Dan you want to go ahead and take a crack there?
Dan Neumeyer: Sure, Tony obviously we have seen an increase in those costs. Year-to-date, we have about 4.3 of actual losses paid out compared to 1.8 last year, so that activity is not stunning numbers, but clearly more activity there.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Well I got you Dan, is there any ?
Steve Steinour: Tony, what we are reading about, it feels fairly modest. And again we didnt offer exotic products and other things. So this will be with this probably for awhile, but we do not see this as a big area of exposure from anything that we are seeing today.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Dan, back to you. Was there any common segment or geographical theme to the NPL inflows?
Dan Neumeyer: There were several large transactions, but in terms of a theme, no. We had one real estate transaction. We had a metal fabricator. We had one large building supply provider. So, I think that goes along with the general theme of what weve been seeing in the academy. Those are troubled areas and very lumpy, and I think in this quarter it just so happened that we had three larger ones that was quite atypical actually.
Steve Steinour: Why dont you  just a little bit o that a little bit for the benefit about how forward reaching we were and our views on them.
Dan Neumeyer: Yeah, so these have been obviously targeted areas for us for 18 months or longer in terms of getting our arms around those and so forth. So, the  in that instance we had three loans totaling about $100 million, but overall we have been looking very hard at commercial real estate and have taken significant credit marks on the portfolio well reserved. And again homebuilder, supply and manufacturing segments, particularly auto related have been on our target list. So, those have been quickly identified and dealt with for about the last 18 months.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Final question for Don, there was a run down in interest rate and DDA in the quarter and do you say that any of that was related maybe as a precursor to a pickup in C&I loan to me and has there been any change on that front in terms of utilization rate or anything like that?
Don Kimble: Great question, Tony. I think more of that was actually related to the expiration of TAGP for, but that expired for us as of June 30th. We did see an increase in some of our sweep balances. So, in than other short-term borrowing, just one increase there of about $700 million, and so what growth may have normally come in or that interest during deposit over the last couple quarters was coming through that fleet process.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Thank you guys.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Dan Neumeyer: Thanks Tony
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Wolf from UBS. Your line is now open.
Aleina Kim - UBS:
 :
Don Kimble: Hi, Elena.
Aleina Kim - UBS: Hi, just a quick question. So, I noticed that the end-of-period investment securities balance increased significantly, but the yield did not, so is it safe to assume that you are reinvesting in the same duration with more asset?
Steve Steinour:
 :
Aleina Kim - UBS: On the C&I and auto loan growth, but I just have a quick question on the new yield that youre putting on to your balance sheet. So, I just notice that the overall yields for those two portfolios went down as volumes went up. So, I want to know whats the sort of reinvestment risk is for those two buckets?
Steve Steinour: Sure. As far as the growth and indirect auto that the yield came down this past quarter was mainly attributed to the fact that we had an adjustment in the second quarter related to the amortization of certain fee income categories there. And that had a $3 million or $4 million lift, which artificially increased the yield compared to previous quarters before that second quarter. As far as the new yield going on the book for indirect auto, its another 5% to 5.5% average yield for that category. And as you know that we had very strong growth there with over $1 billion of origination. So we are still very pleased with the credit quality and also with the absolute level of return for that asset class. As far as the commercial growth that we are seeing some nice growth in some fairly low-risk categories compared to historic portfolios, and so Id say that the average spreads are fairly consistent there with the new yield for new origination. But, Dan, have you seen anything from your side as far as differences, as far as the type of loan?
Dan Neumeyer: Well, I think we have seen a little bit more in the large corporate area where we are concentrating on local large corporate accounts where we have full cost flow opportunities and given the higher quality there, some of the yields may be a little bit lower, also in our equipment finance area in terms of the new business priorities are kind of more up market and so very high quality, but would also result in slightly lower yield.
Aleina Kim - UBS: Great, thats a good color, and then just one last question in terms of funding. I know that you guys have mentioned earlier on the call that you increased your short-term borrowing significantly; I also saw a slight uptick in broker CD. Can you kind of give some color in terms of how you describe the funding?
Steve Steinour:
 :
 :
 :
Aleina Kim - UBS: Okay, great thanks for your time.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy from Oppenheimer & Company. Your line is now open.
Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer & Company: Hi, thanks, good morning.
Steve Steinour: Hi Terry.
Don Kimble: Hi Terry.
Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer & Company: Just getting back to the fair play banking philosophy, are there certain things that you are looking at that you are going to share with us over the coming quarters and years to make sure that that strategy was a success household growth  core deposit growth, et cetera. So, we on this side of the table could also make our own opinion whether that was the right move?
Steve Steinour: Mary you want to-- yeah please.
Mary Navarro: Terry, this is Mary. I think, yeah the answer is we will be looking at other opportunities to demonstrate to customers and future customers that we are trying to be more fair and do things right, and there will be other things that we do. So, the next thing we are looking at is our checking account line up, consumer checking, and so you will probably hear about that one next, and so far were very happy with what we have done with 24-Hour Grace which is one of the things we talked about at the Investor Day in September, and those numbers look right on track as far as what we said wed have with what we give up for Reg-E other overdrafts and 24-Hour Grace. So, and we are thrilled with what customers are saying about it, and the number of customers that are coming to us because of this account feature.
Steve Steinour: Terry, we made a commitment in the investor conference to use our Qs and Ks for metrics and you can anticipate getting some of those with this quarters filing and perceptively.
Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer & Company: Great, and just a second question looking at the 609 million of C&I origination upon what double from last quarter, could you just talk about and it may be in the presentation, so I apologize, just geography, industry and talk a little bit about what was behind that growth?
Dan Neumeyer: Hey, Terry, this is Dan. I would say it is very broad based. I wouldnt say its limited to any particular geography within our footprint. It is middle market, its business banking, its large corporate equipment finance. I think we have seen very equal representation from all areas, and obviously our focus is on generating high quality assets right now. And I think we are benefiting from being able to move some market share in a low growth, the economy. So I am real pleased with the breakdown of the types of additions right in the portfolio
Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer & Company: And then looking at the pipeline would you expect that number to grow in the fourth quarter?
Don Kimble: Our pipeline is very strong and I think what we were seeing is not a typical from what others are seeing is that, the people are requesting credit and getting approved for credit. What we were not seeing as much of is the line utilization on the draw downs for capital investment. So our pipeline is very strong in fact that I think it maybe at a high point right now, so we are very encouraged by that.
Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer: Thanks, Don.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Long from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
David Long  Raymond James: Thanks, good morning everyone.
Don Kimble: Hi, Dave.
David Long  Raymond James: Two questions, first one for Dan and a bit of follow-up to Tonys question looking at slide 24 the inflow to non-performing assets. You talked about the, there are fewer larger credits there that contributed to that, is that thing commentary also go for slide 25 and we were looking at the criticized loan flow and there is -- a pretty good increase in addition to there and was that the same large credits that we should be thinking about?
Dan Neumeyer: First, your question on the inflows I do want to stress that, again, we are pretty aggressive when we put ones on nonaccrual, one of the large new NPA is current and principle and interest. So we think were taking a very aggressive and proactive pastor in placing those on nonaccrual. Were certainly out leading until there are no options left on those credit in terms of the criticized asset flow that was that was fairly broad based, we saw actually more in terms of dollars in the C&I world and in business banking and actually less in commercial real estate. And when you look at the inflows it is very diversified again amongst geographies. Given then economy there are a lot of under capitalized companies that are still struggling. Many have, made great advances in cutting their cost structure and our surviving, others are struggling at this. So I think its, given, kind of a slow down that weve seen in the last quarter which began with, kind of the European disruption and the effects of that, weve seen a lagged effect on that slow down and I think an increase in the third quarter. Were not necessarily anticipating that same level of inflow in the fourth quarter but its kind of fully related though.
David Long  Raymond James: Okay, and then a question, second question for a Steve. And Steve with your in one of your concluding slides and your expectations, you talk about managing demand deposit based on your opportunities to reinvest that. How do you manage that with your initiatives to really take share and with your whole Fair Play banking initiative?
Steve Steinour: We think we have pricing both bond and money market and as we are growing core household give us some pricing flexibility. We are very focused on core households and cross-sale ratios, and as we look at our deposit booking the rate environment, the competitive dynamic in the Midwest have changed and made them substantially over the last couple of years. We think we had some opportunities there over time.
David Long  Raymond James: Alright, great thanks guys.
Steve Steinour: Thanks David.
Dan Neumeyer: Thanks Dave.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Paul Miller from FBR Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: I am sorry about, before I couldnt get my headset to work. Hey, going back to the slide 26 and you have your total commercial loans we the 30 days going up at nothing in your 90 days process is that because youre moving everything in straight into nonaccrual, nonperforming assets status, you had give us 90 days?
Steve Steinour: Yes
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: And just out of curiosity, disclose what your Tier rates on this 30 day plus stuff?
Steve Steinour: I dont know, weve disclosed our Tier rate for 30 days delinquency and what we talked about historically though is the level of NPAs that weve are still current performing which is roughly 30% of commercial nonperforming, but I dont know if we talked about that today.
Don Kimble: No, we didnt know.
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: And then the other issue is, I mean you guys having some pretty decent long words development to your peer group, but there was -- they said I think it was the last month reported that the credit is easing which is a good thing for the economy. But I was just wondering youre easing some of your under riding standards or youre just seeing is better credits into the door?
Steve Steinour: I would say were not easing our credit standards at all. We are certainly taking into account what businesses have been going through and those that are indicating a turnaround, we are taking that into full account and we may not see the string of historical profitability that we normally would have, we may have to rely on some turnaround stories, but we underwrite that very well and look at industry business models management capabilities such to do that. So we have not eased our standards, there is certainly being some competitive pressure, with respective to the price because everyone is going after that same quality customer, but in terms of underwriting I feel really good about what were originating.
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: I mean you say  when you turnaround stories. Can you elaborate on that a little bit?
Steve Steinour: Well sure obviously getting this last cycle, there is probably in some cases a majority of certain industries were customers would have been loosing money and normally when you are looking at approving credit you like to see a nice string of the consistence earnings and thats where the coverage where in a turnaround situation once some one is come out of it theyre generating new contract, further cutting cost, you have to analyze a shorter earnings history in track record than we might normal do and thats where were spending lot of time on, in trying to help those business that have credit needs.
Paul Miller  FBR Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jack Micenko from [Sam Indigo Gulf]. Your line is now open.
Jack Micenko  Sam Indigo Gulf: Thats one way to play it. Thanks for taking the question. I have two questions, Don you talked about the $4million reduction on Franklin and other professional feel line our professional service line on the cost side, is that an ongoing sort of regular $4 million number is that one timer in the fourth quarter and then the [Inaudible] follow-up.
Don Kimble: Great, in the fourth quarter we should see a $4 million reduction before total Franklin related expenses and that should be permanent that essentially the servicing related cost and other cost associated with the Franklin assets that where sold so those should be going forward.
Jack Micenko  Sam Indigo Gulf: Okay, great and then on the auto growth side, was there any of the volume, nice growth there, any volume out of the Eastern Pennsylvania or Massachusetts dealership terms you brought on, yet are they still they worked in.
Don Kimble: Massachusetts is still very early for us, when and much of an impact there on in the third quarter and very little impact as far as the Eastern Pennsylvania, so we think those are our opportunities for us respectively.
Jack Micenko  Sam Indigo Gulf: Okay, so probably -- you and ask you about pricing on those own derivative to those core franchise?
Don Kimble: I dont know that we have any specific area pricing but I expect that our pricing models are fairly consistent across the entire footprint again they focus on very high on the score originations and very well excepted credit loss.
Jack Micenko  Sam Indigo Gulf: Thanks great, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Patten from Morgan Keegan. Your line is now open.
Robert Patten  Morgan Keegan: Good morning guys, quick question this morning just a couple of questions nobody really asked about acquisition activity, I want to get your, so an update Steve and your thoughts weve seen a couple deal happens small banks, seems to be lower, but trying to pick partners, so you -- they would be helpful in offline noticed and MJs and kind of expense slide deck on page 153, that your rating from Moodys and Fitch show about a year old. Any update on the meeting with the rating industries or whats going on there?
Steve Steinour: The acquisition front  there is more activities for sure, but I understand from the federal [ph] change were looking to drive our core number 5 and sort of the way we think about and its reflected on one the pages is acquisition and something interesting is available then we pursue about this there is a lot of from what we have seen so far its nothing is [Audio Gap] part of the rating agencies that, they still have the knowledge they tend to be very incremental and their approach as far as changing rating at, we did have S&P take some negative outlook to a positive outlook and so we hope that a good time for going forward as it relates todays rating and we continued to talk to all three of our rating agencies that we report into and hopefully well start to see some reaction overtime but no commitment at this point.
Don Kimble: With our view on the economy, we dont play on sort of rushing in any cash and then again weve made a lot investments in building capacity to drive core revenue we are really focused on that and we dont intend to get distracted.
Robert Patten  Morgan Keegan: Okay, thanks guys.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Ill turn the call back over to the presenter.
Jay Gould: Thank you Chris, and everybody for participating in todays call. If you have follow-up questions you can reach Todd and I at our usual numbers. I thank you again we know you got a very busy day ahead of you. See you next quarter.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-21 11:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jay Gould - Director of Investor Relations Steve Steinour - Chairman, President and CEO Don Kimble - Senior EVP and CFO Tim Barber - SVP of Credit Risk Management Dan Neumeyer - Senior EVP and Chief Credit Officer.
Analysts: Dave Rochester - FBR Capital Markets Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Mathew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer Ken Usdin - Bank of America Erika Penela - UBS Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs
Operator: Good morning. My name is Jeff and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington first quarter earnings call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Thank you. Mr. Gould, you may begin your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you, Jeff and welcome. I'm Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing could be found on our website, huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Please call Investor Relations at 614-480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings or playback or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides. Turning to slides two, three and four, you will note several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, where we believe it is helpful to understanding Huntingtons results of operations or financial position. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure, can be found on the slide presentation, in as appendix, in the press release, in the quarterly financial review supplement to todays earnings press release or in the related 8-K filed today, all of which are on our website. Turning to slide five, todays discussion including the Q&A period may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and material information filed with the SEC including our most recent Forms 10-K and 8-K filings.  Now, turning to todays presentation. As noted on slide six, participating today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Don Kimble, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Tim Barber, Senior Vice President of Credit Risk Management. Also present for the Q&A session is Dan Neumeyer, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer. Lets get going. Turning to slide seven, Steve?
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Jay. Welcome everyone. I will begin with review of our first quarter performance highlights, Don will follow with the detailed overview of our financial performance, Tim will provide an update on credit, and then I will return with some 2010 outlook comments what I hope you and other investors take away from todays presentation. Let me begin the presentation turning to slide eight. We entered 2010 as a stronger company with underlying momentum and said we expected to return to profitability sometime in 2010. I am very pleased to report that sometime is now. We reported net income of $39.7 million or $0.01 a share this morning. This is a very significant step forward and represents a reset of expectations for the year. But we now expect to report a profit for the full year 2010. The results included a $38.2 million net tax benefit that Don will detail for you. As you think about the performance for the rest of the year, it's important to note that we continue to report very good improvement in pre-tax, pre-provision income. This was up 4% for the quarter and 16% annualized from the fourth quarter level and represented the fifth consecutive quarterly improvement. This is 12% higher than a year ago. We believe this positive performance momentum will increasingly differentiate us from number of our peers over coming quarters. Primary driver was a 5% linked quarter increase in net interest income as our net interest margin expanded to 3.47% from 3.19% in the fourth quarter. As we mentioned last quarter, the growth in investment securities in the fourth quarter was in short duration securities about 2.4-year duration. During the quarter, we modestly repositioned our interest rate risk position for more asset sensitivity for 2011. Don will provide details. We now believe our net interest margin for the rest of the year will remain around a 3.5% level. Average loans declined slightly as decreases in total commercial loans were partially offset by growth in average total consumer loans. Non-interest income was down due primarily to seasonal factors, though we saw good revenue growth in some key activities. The increases in expenses reflected a combination of seasonal factors, but also investments as well. Credit quality trends continue to improve as expected across the board, NPAs declined 7%. Importantly, new NPAs for the quarter declined 52% and charge-offs declined for the quarter 46%, and we saw early stage delinquencies or commercial loans down 13% and consumer loans down 4%. Turning to slide nine, while there are some signs of increasing economic stability in some of our markets, the economy remains challenging, and as such we thought it is important to maintain our reserve level essentially unchanged from where they were at the end of last year. Our provision for credit loss is $235 million, essentially matching the $238 million in net charge-offs. Our allowance for credit losses as a percent of period loans and leases was 4.14%, this was down 2 bps from the prior quarter. Relative to non-accrual loans, our reserve coverage ratio increased to 87% from 80%. Our capital position is strong. Our tangible capital equity ratio improved 4 basis points to 5.96 during the last quarter. And in contrast our regulatory Tier 1 and Total risk-based capital ratios declined slightly due to an increase in the disallowed deferred tax assets. Nevertheless the ratios are still strong and are $2.5 billion and $1.8 billion respectively above well-capitalized regulatory thresholds. Lastly, our liquidity position remained strong. We [fell] 5% annualized core deposit growth, and the period loan-to-deposit ratio was 92%. Period-end cash and investment securities were in excess of $10 billion. As shown on slide 10, in addition to some well deserved recognition of the hard work and success of our colleagues in delivering high quality and value-added services in the area of automobile, finance and treasury management customers, we also continued to move forward with the implementation of strategic initiatives designed to grow revenue. These included during the quarter, initiating 7-day banking in our Cleveland market, the first bank to do so; the addition of the team of seasoned commercial bankers in Michigan; the announcement of a 3-year $4 billion commitment to small business lending; the opening of two new Huntington Investment Company offices in central Ohio; and the hiring of nationally recognized mutual fund wholesaler to open up the distribution of our Huntington Funds through third-party channels. Each of these initiatives is specifically targeted to grow revenues. We are very excited about the opportunities these represent. With that in mind, let me now turn the presentation over to Don for financial performance details. Don?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Steve. As noted on slide 11, our net income for the first quarter was $39.7 million or $0.01 per share. One significant item impacted the quarter's results. We recognized the $38.2 million or $0.05 per share net benefit from an increase in the deferred tax asset related to loans acquired from Franklin in 2009. This benefit was partially offset by the charge related to certain provisions of the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. Slide 12 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trend. The performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation. So, lets move on. On slide 13, we provide an overview of our pre-tax, pre-provision income performance. We believe this metric is useful in assessing underlying operating performance. We calculate this metric by starting out with pre-tax earnings and then excluding three items, provision for credit losses, security gains and losses and amortization of intangibles. We also adjusted certain significant items where applicable. On this basis, our pre-tax, pre-provision income for the first quarter was $252 million, up $10 million or 4% from last quarter and 12% higher than a year ago. This improvement clearly reflected the management actions taken over the last year and we continue to look for additional opportunities to improve our operating results. The most significant contributor to the improvement was our increased net interest income. This improvement will be detailed on the next slide. Slide 14 depicts the trends of our net interest income and margin. During the first quarter, our fully taxable equivalent net interest income increased by $19.6 million reflecting a 28 basis point increase in our net interest margin of 3.47% and a $0.6 billion decrease to our average earning asset. The margin change reflected several favorable impacts; first, with the favorable impact of our asset/liability management strategies. This impact primarily reflected two components. First, in the third and fourth quarter of 2009, certain interest rate swaps were identified as ineffective. During the 2010 first quarter, we terminated most of these swaps and rebooked similar new swaps, resulting a positive impact on net interest income. Second, we also entered into new swaps during the quarter to reduce our current asset sensitivity. The new swaps entered during the quarter were short in duration, an average of 1.7 years. While we are maintaining a very neutral interest rate position throughout all of 2010, we are positioned to become more asset-sensitive beginning in 2011. We have approximately $6 billion of interest rate swaps maturing in 2011. Second, we also continue to see our margin benefit and a shift in our deposit mix as well as continued loan and deposit pricing efforts. It is interesting to see that our margins have improved 50 basis points from a year ago. This improvement has occurred despite a shift in our overall asset mix, from loans to security, significantly improved liquidity position, maintaining a neutral interest rate risk position and a continued high level of non-performing assets. Continuing on the slide 15, we show the linked-quarter loan and lease trends. Total commercial loans were down $1 billion or 5%. The decline reflected the anticipated decline in commercial real estate balances from pay-downs and charge-offs. The $0.03 billion decline in C&I loans reflected the impact of a reclass of certain variable rate demand notes from commercial loans in prior periods to municipal securities. This reclass accounted for the entire decline in this linked-quarter balance. Total consumer loans were up by $0.9 billion or 6% from the prior quarter. The $0.9 billion increase in average automobile loans and leases, primarily reflected the $0.8 billion impact of adopting new accounting standards to consolidate the previous off balance sheet automobile loan securitization transaction. These balances are recorded at fair value. Also, during the quarter, our other loan originations remained strong. Turning to slide 16, we continue to generate strong core deposit growth. Total core deposits grew at an annualized 5% rate despite a $0.9 billion decline in core time deposits. We continue to be pleased with the shift in the mix of our deposit base to more transaction account. As noted earlier, this continued to drive the improvement in our net interest margin. Slide 17 shows the trends in our non-interest income category. Our non-interest income declined $3.7 million from the prior quarter. Deposit service charges were down reflecting both normal seasonal trends and the continued change in consumer behavior to reduce the underlying NSF/OD activity. Other income declined by $5.4 million as much as the prior quarter's benefit from derivatives ineffectiveness was recorded in other non-interest income. Our brokerage and insurance revenues were up $3.6 million, reflecting the impact of seasonally higher contingent insurance income and a stronger sales volume. The next slide is a summary of our expense trends. Total expenses were up $75.5 million from the prior quarter. This was primarily due to the fourth quarter $73.6 million gain on the debt redemption. Personnel costs were up $3 million reflecting the seasonal impact of higher employment taxes and high debt increases related to our strategic initiatives. We are encouraged to see the $7 million decline in the OREO foreclosure expense. Slide 19 is a summary of our capital trend. The current quarter's profit resulted in a slight increase to our TCE ratio from 5.92% to 5.96%. In contrast, regulatory capital ratio has declined slightly, reflecting a disallowance of a greater portion of our deferred tax assets. At March 31, we had $557 million of deferred tax assets, out of which only $167 million qualified for inclusion in the regulatory capital. Regulations require that we deduct from Q1 capital any deferred tax amount that we cannot demonstrate the ability to recover within the next twelve months period. This adjustment for regulatory capital calculation has no impact on our assessment of the realized ability for deferred tax assets. Based on the level of our forecasted future taxable income, there was no impairment in our deferred tax asset as of March 31, 2010. We remain very comfortable with our current capital level, even if we were to experience a more stressed economic environment. We do not have any current plans to issue additional capital. Let me turn the presentation over to Tim Barber to review credit trends. Tim?
Tim Barber:  Thanks, Don. Slide 20 provides an update on our credit portfolio composition. We continued to see declines in C&I book as line utilization remains low and businesses continue to limit capital expenditures. As commercial real estate balances continue to decline as a result of our overall strategy to reduce the level of commercial real estate exposure. The bulk of the decrease occurred in the non-core portfolio based on both charge offs and payoffs. We were pleased with the performance of the core portfolio in the quarter as the asset quality metrics held steady. In the consumer portfolio, the only material change is the inclusion of the auto loan securitization in the balance as of March 31. These securitized loans were originated consistent with our high quality focus and will not have an impact on the ongoing credit quality performance. I would like to start the asset quality performance discussion with a couple of slides that provide a quantitative basis for our belief that our credit risk issues peaked in 2009. Slide, 21 is new to our disclosure and provides additional clarity on the underlying asset quality trends in the commercial portfolio. We have detailed the growth in criticized loan levels over the course of 2009 in prior discussions but we have now added a slide to provide the specific trends that have driven the changes over time. The 7% decline evident in the first quarter was the direct result of the significant reduction in new criticized loans. From a credit risk management perspective the reduced inflow is more predictive of future trends than an increase in resolutions the upgrades and pay downs. The trends are also directly connected to the non-accruing loan trends that we will discuss on a later slide. In summary, the decreased flow of loans into the criticized category is a qualitative indicator that there has been a change in the asset quality trends in the portfolio. Slide 22 demonstrates the improved credit quality associated with the consumer portfolios. Declining trends are evident across all of our portfolios in both the 30 day and 90 day past due category. The decline in the 30 day bucket has been steady since the second quarter of 2009 indicating that it's not simply seasonality or other time issue. All of the sub-segments reflect the same trends albeit at to different degrees. The 90 day past due loans are compromised primarily of real estate secured loans that have been written down to a realizable value, and only half of the 90 plus day past due loans are GNMA loans with full government guarantees. On the overall, downward trend is not as significant as the 30 day trend. We did not use the 90 plus category as a predictor of losses due to the write-down policies we have in place. All our markets continued to be impacted by the economic conditions, the declining delinquency rates represent tangible evidence that there are signs of improvement in our portfolios. Turning to slide 23. The commercial net charge-off on the left side of the slide shows a generally declining trend since the fourth quarter of 2008 with two notable exceptions. The outsized 2008 fourth quarter charge-offs included $128 million associated with Franklin Credit relationship. The fourth quarter of 2009 included a number of significant size relationships as discussed last quarter. The 2010 first quarter was consistent with our expectations based on our asset portfolio management throughout 2009. The graph on the right side of the slide shows consumer loan charge-off trend. The generally upward trend reflects our proactive loss recognition policies, including aggressive actions on bankrupt borrowers. The third quarter of 2009 included a non-performing residential loan sale as well as $32 million associated with the policy change to accelerate loss recognition. We were pleased that total consumer net charge-offs in the quarter were essentially flat with the prior quarter, combined with the declining delinquency rates noted earlier, we are confident the portfolio will perform within our expectations in the coming quarters. Turning to slide 24, I will walk everyone through the non-performing loan and non-performing asset trends. As shown on the graph on the left, non-performing assets declined 12% in the fourth quarter and we are pleased with the additional 7% decline in the first quarter. Our non-accruing loan ratio has fallen to 4.78%, or approximately the same level as the second quarter of 2009 before the expensive portfolio reassessment last year. The graph on the right shows the trend in new non-accrual loans. First, on absolute basis the bars, and then also as a percent of beginning period loans, the lines. You can see the significant influence to nonaccrual loans during the third quarter of last year was less than the impact of our portfolio reviews. This was followed by a 45% decrease in new nonaccrual loans in the fourth quarter and a further 52% decline in the 2010 first quarter, or two consecutive significant quarterly declines. The inflow of $237.9 million in the quarter represents accumulative 73% decline from the peak end of $900 million in the 2009 third quarter. As you can see on slide 25, we also continue to have success in generating payments and returning loans to accrual status. The Special Assets division has now been fully staffed for nearly a year and we are seeing the benefits of their work. While there will continue to be migration into non-accrual status, we are confident that the migration patterns will no longer generate the upside inflow seen in 2009. Turning to slide 26, I want to update you on our loan loss reserve position. After the significant bill in 2009 fourth quarter provision essentially equal net charge-offs in the first quarter. As a result, our period-end allowance represented 4.14% of period-end loan and leases narrowing slightly from 4.16%. However, we saw a meaningful improvement in our nonaccrual coverage ratio, which increased 87% of nonaccrual loans, up about 80% at the end of last year. We believe this level is prudent given the continued challenges in the economic environment despite some of the positive asset quality metrics just discussed. We remain committed to maintaining appropriate reserves and coverage ratios. Let me turn the presentation back to Steve to wrap up.
Steve Steinour: Slide 27, please. Let me share with you expectations for 2010, our purpose with comment about the economy as we said at the outset, we didnt expect to see a significant economic turnaround in 2010. While we see some signs of stabilization and a key assumption is that that stabilization stays intact, or in fact gets little better throughout the course of the year. Certainly, don't expect double dip in the context of this outlook. So, having said that, the charge-offs of provision expenses are expected to show improvement further from the first quarter levels. Our allowance for credit loss is expected to decline on an absolute basis for the March 31 level. We are flattening the utilization of existing reserves for inherent losses in the portfolio. Loans are expected to be flat to up slightly from first quarter levels. On one hand, we expect increases in C&I and certain consumer segment. As customer confidence improves to be offset however by commercial real estate loan requires as we continue to reduce that exposure. We expect that then we'll remain relatively stable around 3.5%, but we anticipate continued growth of core deposits to grow our retail business customer base as well as increase cross-sell performance through existing customers. Fee income is expected to grow slightly from the first quarter level, while we expect growth in asset management as well as brokerage and insurance revenues that growth will partially offset by declines coming from Reg E changes in NSF/OD. Expenses are expected to increase slightly from the first quarter level, reflecting continued investments and growth and investments in key areas under the strategic initiatives. We believe the set of expectations will result in our reporting the operating profit for the full year. Slide 28 shows quarterly improvement pre-tax, pre-provision performance. We expect again to continue to improve it to get to the $275 million target in the third quarter. The achievement will largely depend on our ability to continue to drive net interest income as well as continued performance in those two other categories. Growth in net interest income is a factor as we expect the sheet will remain relatively stable, but the mix will continue to improve, particularly on the deposit side in the near-term. Slightly higher loan and investment securities balances will resolve, but continued growth in lower cost core deposits. Slide 29, in terms of key messages. First, the balance sheet is strong. Loans and investment securities, deposits, other funding, we like where we are with the balance sheet at this point. We have sufficient capital, as you heard earlier. No plans to raise additional capital. The credit performance continues to improve, reserves are strong, and problem assets are declining, net charge-offs and provision expected to further decline. We see increased opportunities in growing revenue and we are playing an expansion or growth game in the institution now. We are making investments to grow key businesses. We are getting stronger everyday. We do expect to hit that $275 million free cash flow provision level in the third quarter by driving revenue and we do expect to report a profit for the full year. So for us, that execution now, and we are getting stronger everyday and focused towards driving results everyday. So with that, let me thank for your interest in Huntington. The operator, will you open the lines for questions, please?
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Dave Rochester with FBR Capital Markets.
Dave Rochester - FBR Capital Markets: So now the possibility that the picture has improved significantly, are you thinking that TARP repayment is more on your chart right now or are you still looking for more stability in the macro-environment?
Don Kimble: No, we want to see more stability in the macro and, Dave, we want to spring at least one more quarter of profit. We are confident we are on the right path and when we get both of those, we have an outlook, we can have confidence and then we will revisit the topic. But now we do not feel any pressure to do anything at this point.
Dave Rochester - FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks. And on the margin, you guys had some great expansion there and it looks like your CD costs are still around 280 with the core CDs around 290. It feels like you still are watering down on those and I would imagine a good chuck of those are maturing in the next six months or so? Is it right?
Don Kimble: You are absolutely right that our CD book has an average life of under a year so we will see a lot of that mature. I think part of the impact you are probably seeing there is two we are shrinking that book so where others might be maintain their level and showing the mixed change to lower rates. We are not getting that same level of benefit on the absolute rate level.
Dave Rochester - FBR Capital Markets: Are you guys looking to ultimately write off an entire brokerage CD portfolio at this point?
Don Kimble: We really dont have a need for it. So we have been managing that down, havent been originating new ones and see that as a challenge to make sure that we can fund the balance sheet with core deposits and hence we want to make sure that we can deliver against that.
Tim Barber: And project.
Dave Rochester - FBR Capital Markets: Great. On the core CD portfolio, where you are re-pricing those now?
Don Kimble: It depends on the maturity but it's around to 0.15 or so as far as the new time that it's coming on.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley:  Just on the comments that you are making about asset sensitivity can you just maybe explain that in a little bit more in detail? I am more curious as to why you are putting on swaps to reduce your assets sensitivity. Does it provide like a one time gain? Or does it provide higher inventory in 2010 but then goes away next year? How does that work?
Don Kimble: Typically from an asset sensitivity position it won't be slightly liability sensitivity when there is steep yield curve. Our balance sheet migrates asset sensitivity on it's own without any additional adjustments. Our position here is that we don't think that interest rates will increase significantly throughout 2010, and so we want to keep a fairly neutral position throughout the current calendar year. As I noted in my comments that we expect to have a $6 billion of swap mature throughout 2011, and that will give us plenty of opportunity to take the balance sheet to be more asset-sensitive at that point in time. There is a slight margin pick up that comes from being more liable sensitive in a steep yield curve, but the new swap we have on the books, they are yielding anywhere from 70 basis points to about 140 basis points and as I said, under a two-year duration. So there isn't a significant earnings play there. It's more trying to keep neutrality throughout this year and position the balance sheet, so as rate do increase in 2011, and that we can base it from that in the future.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: And did you guys take any gains on the swap combinations you did in the quarter?
Don Kimble: We did not take any gains through the P&L. The gain is essentially an amortized throughout the remaining life of those swaps, and that's part of the reason we had some pick up in the margin from that.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: The other question I had was on the disallowed DTA. Can you just talk about the path or recognition of that disallowed DTA now that you are profitable? How quickly does that come back in the earnings?
Don Kimble: And we have already stated that our due capital.
Tim Barber: And as far as regulatory capital, in fact, we start to see that come back in 2011 and most of it's realized by some time early in 2012, but essentially what's created a chunk of that is because we have a larger allowance for loan losses, and the tax deduction doesn't occur until charge-off takes place.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mathew O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Mathew O'Connor - Deutsche Bank: I'll ask the same question I asked last quarter, 5.25, the additions to non-performing assets, down sharply last quarter. We are all wondering if that had been a sustainable level. I guess it wasnt it came down over 15% this quarter. We know there's always some seasonal patterns and things like that do we expect any of that to bump up a little bit?
Don Kimble: Second quarter, that is normally a quarter where you would expect to see some increases, but we are coming of such high levels, we do not expect to see any meaningful increase in this one.
Mathew O' Connor - Deutsche Bank: Then maybe I missed it, but just the all in outlook for NPAs from here then would be still to trend down?
Steve Steinour: Trend down.
Mathew O' Connor - Deutsche Bank: Then just separately, can you talk a little bit about the yields that you are getting in the auto loan portfolio, I know there was the off balance sheet consolidation, but I think you have some growth axe that some kind of absolute yields is that booked generating right now?
Don Kimble: Gross yields are probably in the 5.5% to 6% range as far as the underlying assets and continue to be a very nice positive spreads for us even after considering the credit cost and the new originations are very low credit cost if I go 2010 and well expected loss rates so we have been very pleased with that production.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Scott Siefers with Sandler O'Neill.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill:  Steve, first question is probably for you. Just on the level of your reserve. You said last quarter that despite may be drawing down the allowance being part of the outlook it wouldnt be necessarily a bigger earnings driver. Just given another 90 days what's the data on your little more update commentary on credit does that still hold through there be a bit more material reserve released throughout the year?
Steve Steinour: The reserve release will be tied to material improvement and change in credit quality. We do expect credit quality to get better, but in terms of the commentary about profitability for the year is not contingent on reserve release. We are expecting it to be able to drive it from the core, and if this reserve release based on improved asset quality that would be incremental.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill:  And then Don, I have separate question for you. I was just hoping you could just try to little more color on the margin, I guess sort of two separate questions within there. I guess if I had thought about it a year ago, and I guess if somebody is going to stay neutral from a rate perspective will increase their liquidity and will be increase in the percentage of securities relative to loan. That wouldn't necessarily if thats where the margin was going to improving in one year what your guys did? I certainly understand everything is going on the deposit side, but maybe if you can just give a little more color on the improvement and then conversely just given the opportunity it looks like it's still there on the CD side, why wouldnt there be some more expansion beyond what we've seen already.
Steve Steinour: That's suggestion of good management.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill:  I got it.
Don Kimble: 10 years down the road. No, as far as the margin expansion you're right. There were a couple of factors that help drive it for us this year that if you look at the deposit mix change about half of that 50 basis points is really coming from that mix change that we saw throughout the year. I tribute most of the rest of that margin improvement coming from both, deposits and loan pricing that we're seeing much wider spreads on loan originations than we were, say, 18 months ago and our deposit rates for new time deposits and other products have come down as well, so that's helping us to drive the margin, so Id say those are both contributing factors.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill:  Then maybe just add presumably there is little more mixed opportunity on the deposit side, particularly with the CDs. Why wouldn't that maybe help the margin expand a bit more than the current outlook would suggest?
Steve Steinour: Good question, but sorry not following up on that. It's a couple of things. One is that the first quarter does benefit from the day count, so that is about four basis point lift from the margin from there compared to future quarters. I'd say that the other constraint factor is that this quarter our average earning assets were down slightly. We expect our deposit growth to continue outpace our loan growth throughout this year. As that adds to earning assets, we dont get the same incremental 3.5% spread on the investment securities compared to the deposit accounts, and so we think that it can be return to the overall margin even though will be added to net interest income.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Tony Davis with Stifel Nicolaus.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Table or slide 25 shows there's gradual decline in loan sales, and I am just wondering what happened to the pace of all raw land and lot dispositions here recently, and what we probably should expect from the sad folks efforts here going forward in terms of caller disposition rate.
Steve Steinour: It's a seasonal slow in the first quarter, Tony, and you will see pick up in two-three and maybe four, but certainly two or three at this point and these are OREO sales, so we would expect activity to be consistent, if I hear it's. Dan, you want to add to it?
Dan Neumeyer: No. I think thats exactly what I said. So, the seasonality is perhaps the biggest factor. Were moving in to a timeframe where the markets have opened up a little bit and there are going to be interested parties in the property.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Steve, do you have any thoughts or line about how long it might take to unwind the non-core CRE component?
Steve Steinour: As we said last time, we think it's at least the couple of years, it could be longer. There is some encouraging signs about CMBS markets starting to open up. I think, there was a multi issuer. I dont see it coming back quickly and conversely I dont see it. We are not feeling any pressure to dump it or to get to a disposition. We are going to do this with a lot of focus around capital impacts and make the best decisions running with this level of NPAs and a 3.5 NIM, I wouldn't have thought possible last year. So well keep working it, reducing it/ Remember in these NPAs, you got roughly $350 million of Franklin already marked. So just because of the rest we are reporting something that distorts us a bit, penalize us, if you will with a higher level of NPL.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: One question, you are already gearing up in asset based lending. The question is, is as the run off continue, in the riskier segments, what will you expect in reasonable time period in terms when we see the real mergers of aggregate loan growth as the years play out?
Steve Steinour: In part of function of the economy, there is a increasingly competitive market. All of that is facing run off and so thats changing competitive dynamics fairly quickly. There is not an enormous amount of net new investment for demand. I think we start to see some stability and outlook that could change in the second half but for us I think we are going to be replacing non-core real estate amortization with C&I and maybe some consumer growth for a while. So I think our capital efficiency is going to get better over time but not necessarily a lot of growth in the balance sheet.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Bob Patten with Morgan Keegan.
Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan: I have two parts to the same question and it's really about thinking forward the big picture. It really revolves on how does Huntington build capital to look at Q1 comments about 6.5%? A lot of the raisers we have seen to-date have raised above that quite a bit. We look at the balance sheet now, the shrinkage is mostly behind you and then if you look at the issues around what you need to do to pay off those TARP and I am respectful of how you have described it, sorry Steve. I am not looking to pin you down but just a thought process you have to be profitable you guys are there, the view is, you had to show access to the capital market so maybe some debt raising at some point. What is your thought process on how Huntington begins to build capital?
Steve Steinour: First I think it comes from the core. We are, as you know we are intending to increase pre-tax pre-provision and at the same time with credit metric improving roughly the rate from the result of the first and fourth quarters. We are going to be in a position where we have going to have to look at reducing the overall levels of reserves. So a combination of those factors there is a potential as markets stabilize perhaps in some other respects of that, the deferred tax asset overtime and we may even see some OTTI or OCI as markets again stabilize but principally at this point from
Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan: Okay, and Steve within the process who is your key regulator in this decision process when you final dig it to the point you want to address the issue of staying off TARP?
Steve Steinour: TARP, for any bank holding company would be the key decision maker is Fed. You will start with your primary bank regulator support but the Fed has in effect final say.
Don Kimble: Bob, just I wanted to say on few comments that Steve made there as far as our capital ratios. Keep in mind as Steve said the DTA is negatively impacted. Thats about 84 basis points impact to our Tier I common ratio as that will come back organically through the earnings generation over the next couple of years. The other thing that Huntington is little bit different than some of our peers as well because we have a convertible preferred thats not our normal convertible preferred. If you would add that to our Tier I common equivalent, thats another 70 basis points. So those two combined would put us over 8% on a core basis adjusting to those two item, and we think that puts us in very some very good standing as far as our capital position.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terry McEvoy with Oppenheimer.
Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer: Just one question. With credit becoming less of a concern more of a focus now on revenue growth. It seems to be there's maybe a consensus view that the Midwest is just not a growth market, and the only way for a bank like Huntington to show organic growth would be through market share gains. Would you agree with that statement? Do you think it's may be a little too aggressive? Then as you look at you market share both sides of the balance sheet, do you think would maybe the energy that Huntington has, and there is the ability to grow market share in your core markets?
Steve Steinour: We believe so, Terry, on both the sides of the sheet.
Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer: Then in terms of just you overall comments on the Midwest as you talk to your customers, do you get a sense that there is organic growth in terms of loan demand business activity that could just surprise the markets on the upside over the next few years?
Steve Steinour: Auto clearly would be up year-over-year. We just had a series of small business round tables in six markets such may be 100 small businesses. I would say the vast majority of those business orders were bullish about this year in terms of revenue up and the majority expected to higher. I think the majority also expected to make some capital investment. Now if that proves to be reflective of the market overall that could be a little bit positive than expectations. Having said that its still, Midwest gets painted in one brush. It's more diverse than that, but there were some very tough areas in the Midwest in our primary market, so there's some reasons for optimism, we'd view it cautiously.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Usdin with Bank of America.
Ken Usdin - Bank of America: Just one question on commercial real estate, I was just wondering if you could just give us a little color on migration trends within that book. Obviously, the early stage during if you look, but can you walk us through single-family homebuilder that seems to be pretty much addressed. Can you just take us through the kind of the sub-buckets and give us sense of confidence you have that you netted down on that book. Thanks.
Steve Steinour: Why don't I start with the comment then I'll look up page 92 in the deck. For those of you have the deck, and you saw a little bit of reduction in the core 68 million, and combination of charge-off and other changes drive the non-core down. Importantly for us the core was very stable in the first quarter. We have only one relationship out of all relationships in the core become a setback and that happened at the end of the quarter because of some unexpected lease issues in a property that we dont finance, but it impacted however in a significant way. We are feeling, if we could buy that performance for the core next year, we do it today. We are feeling very good about the core. Then I will take you to the buckets, and I will turn it over to Tim.
Tim Barber: Hey, let me just go through a couple of them. A single-family, as we talked about last quarter, we really feel that's not a major driver of performance going forward.
Steve Steinour: Slide 88.
Tim Barber: That bucket is in fact retail. Retail continues to be an issue across our markets. We've been very active in the ongoing portfolio management of those properties or that product type. You can see on 87, what our current performance is. We are happy with some of it. Delinquencies are flat, the classified number is in fact up, but non-accruals are down a little bit, reserves are down a little bit, we really feel like thats flattening out as the overall portfolio metric would indicate. The rest of the portfolio is comprised of office, warehouse, would be the couple of the other drivers. Weve never had a material issue with the office space. It's primarily suburban so there is no downtown business district powers that we have to worry about and the rest of the portfolio we continue to work aggressively on. But I really think that the commercial real estate Steve's comments around the core versus non-core are where we are focused going forward.
Ken Usdin - Bank of America: One quick follow-up just on franchise geography. Can you just give us a little color on how the different areas of the franchise do you expect to rebound and kind of where they are in their economic recovery couple of banks have even mentioned that Michigan maybe starting to bottom a little bit, I'd love to get your thoughts on that as well. Thanks.
Steve Steinour: The auto zone, which would be East Michigan, Toledo through Cleveland very, very challenged, may be flattening out right now but it's flattening out at a pretty decent depth. Western Michigan is like they are different than East. In the East Cincinnati, Columbus Pittsburg and West Virginia are actually getting through the cycle of pretty good shape. So we almost have to deal two worlds in our footprint. Is that what you were looking for or your want more?
Ken Usdin - Bank of America: Yeah, I was just wondering. Do you expect to see resumption of growth coming out of the Michigan footprint on the loan side? Or is it going to be more from the other parts of the footprint as we come out of the cycle?
Tim Barber: Well see it in Western Michigan and I think perhaps later this year, but not near-term. It may be east as they just keeps going. But our demand will primarily come out the Indianapolis since the Columbus, Pittsburg markets.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from the line of Erika Penela with UBS.
Erika Penela - UBS: My first question is on the fee income guidance for the year. Could you remind us how much NFS overdraft is over your deposit service charges? And what you estimated to be the impact of Reg E?
Steve Steinour: What I can do is spread out all the color as far as the NFS/OD that you see and approximately updated plan about $300 million of deposit service charge of the year. About $180 million of that come from NFS/OD overall. Roughly about a $100 million coming from the NSF/OD associated with either ATM debit card transaction. So, thats the potential universe I guess as far as the impact. We havent official disclosed what our plan is as far as addressing that but we are working through that and do believe that we will be able to mitigate losses associated with some of the Reg E impact that will provide more color at the end of the second quarter with the actual plans and the notation plan of TARP associated with that.
Erika Penela - UBS: Okay. And my second question is on the restructured resume mortgage. I assume these are mostly all loan mod? The $243 million?
Dan Neumeyer: Thats correct.
Erika Penela - UBS: And could you share with us the reserve that you have taken for that $243 million and what the underling re-default rate you have assumed when determining that reserve?
Dan Neumeyer: Sure. I dont know that the reserve specifically associated with those loans. We can get that for you if you would like. I can tell you that only 27% is about the number that have gone delinquent subsequent to the loan modifications last week structure. So we are reasonable pleased with that recent decision when compared to some of the industry numbers we see.
Erika Penela - UBS: And how long is the forbearance period typically?
Dan Neumeyer: Let see, I dont know if there is a typical number of that. We would generally be solving issues. We could have a one year look or a two year look. We are not necessarily creating. We are not creating 30 year fixed adjustments.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Brian Foran with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: As we think past the third quarter in the $275 million of pre-provision target you would be at then, what are kind of the key positive and negatives that would make go higher flat line from there? Is it more about the environment and resumption of C&I loan growth and things like that, or are there further internal opportunities that could drive pre-provision higher than $275 million even if the environment remains sluggish?
Don Kimble: This is Don. We are going to take the rest of the year off after getting $275 million in the third quarter it can be short of that, but we think there are a number of initiatives. The growth of $275 is something in the economic environment that's very challenge. We think that once the economy does start to recover, we will see a rebound in our commercial lending balances and other activity will actually suggest that, but more importantly as part of our strategic planning process, we are identifying other factors that can help move the dial even further and one of the key components of that is continue to deepen our share of wallet with our existing customers, and so focusing on that will continue to be a driver for us as for as continued improvement in that pre-tax, pre-provision operating earnings.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time. Sir, do you have any closing remarks?
Jay Gould: Yes. This is Jay Gould. Again, thank you for participating in our call. Our slide decks are on the Investor website, where you can find them. We look forward to seeing you next quarter. Thank you again. If you have any questions give me a call. Good night.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-22 11:00:00) =====
Executives: Steve Steinour - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Don Kimble - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Tim Barber - Senior Vice President & Credit Risk Management Dan Neumeyer - Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Credit Officer Randy Stickler - Senior Executive Vice President of Commercial Real Estate Jay Gould - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Dave Rochester - FBR Capital Markets Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Erika Penala - UBS Ken Usdin - Banc of America Jeff Davis - FTN Capital
Operator: Good morning. My name is Courtney. I will be your conference operator. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington fourth quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Jay Gould, you may begin your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you, Courtney and welcome everyone. I am Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides can be we will be reviewing to be found on our website, www.huntington.com and as is our custom this call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close to call. Please call the investor relations department at 614-480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings or playback, or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides. Slides two through four, notes several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, and where we believe its helpful to understanding Huntingtons results of operations or financial position. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used the comparable GAAP financial measures as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the slide presentation in its appendix in the press release and the quarterly financial review supplements to todays earnings press release or in the related Form 8-K filed earlier today, all of these can be find on our website. Turning to slide five, todays discussion including the Q-and-A period, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes and risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now, turning to todays presentation, as noted on slide six, participating today are Steve Steinour, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Don Kimble, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO; and Tim Barber, Senior Vice President of Credit Risk Management. Also present for the Q-and-A session is Dan Neumeyer, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer; and Randy Stickler, Senior Executive Vice President of Commercial Real Estate. Lets get started by turning to slide nine and Steve Steinour. Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Jay, and welcome everyone. First, a word introduction, I am pleased to introduce Randy stickler to you he joined us in March of last year it came to us from Charter One bank, State of Ohio President. He has over 25 years of commercial banking experience, most of it in commercial real estate businesses at various banks. Hes been very busy this past year. Hes been instrumental in the significant progress weve made in reviewing and addressing the issues in our commercial real estate portfolios. So welcome Randy. 2009 will go down as one of the most challenging years facing the industry at Huntington in decades. A lot of difficult decisions needed to be made and as a result our performance was disappointing from a credit quality and earnings performance standpoint. However, Im convinced that were entering a brand New Year in 2010 in many respects. A much stronger company with underlying momentum that will result in significantly improved performance. There are recent signs that the economic environment is stabilizing, yet it remains uncertain and even fragile. Nevertheless, sometime during 2010 we expect to return to quarterly profitability. Our colleagues are working hard to make that happen with the objective of getting there as soon as possible. Decisions in the fourth quarter were important to this end, and I hope that our remarks will give you the same confidence that we have in achieving this goal. Ill begin with a review of our fourth quarter performance highlights. Don will follow with a detailed overview of our financial performance. Tim will provide an update on credit and review of our commercial real estate portfolio. Ill then return with some 2010 outlook comments and what I hope our investors will take away from todays presentation. Lets begin, turning to slide eight. Reported a net loss of $369.7 million, $0.56 a common share, the driver the loss was an $894 million provision for credit losses. This was $419 million higher than in the third quarter and more than double the fourth quarters net charge-offs. Contributing to this increase were certain credit actions that well talk about in more detail in a moment. Yet, we continued to make good progress in improving our pretax pre-provision income. This totaled $242 million, up just under $5 million or 2% from the third quarter, and represented the fourth consecutive quarterly improvement. Its also important to note that this level was 24% higher than in the year ago quarter. This demonstrates the progress were making in positioning Huntington for a stronger financial performance once this credit cycle ends. The linked quarter improved that was driven by a 3% increase in net interest income. Our largest revenue contributor, but the big story for the quarter was the large provision, so let me review what drove this. Now, as you will recall from earlier earnings calls and investor communication, since the first quarter, weve been deeply involved in understanding and addressing the risks in our credit and loan portfolio. The first nine months were spent in a series of detailed portfolio reviews and the implementation of enhanced portfolio management processes. This permitted to us proactively identify and address the risks in our portfolio. Charge-offs remained elevate and we continued to build our loan loss reserves, again through the first nine months. We reported last quarter that the growth rate in criticized loans has slowed but that our customers remained under pressure from the weak economy as a result, during the fourth quarter there was a continued increase in the absolute level of criticized loans, though at that time third quarters slower pace. Given the uncertain economic picture in 2010 and a trend line of growing credit losses throughout 2009, during the fourth quarter we reviewed our loan loss reserve assumptions portfolio by portfolio. As a result we felt a significant increase in loan loss reserves was warranted. We wanted to ensure that we had sufficient reserves to continue to address the resolution of problem credits, existing credits, inherent in our portfolios in what is like toll remain a fragile economy. Our period end allowance for credit losses represents 4.16% of total loans and leases and our non-accrual loan coverage improved 80% from 50% at the end of the third quarter. Yet were seeing signs that are very encouraging. Total non-performing assets declined 12% from the end of the third quarter, and there was a 45% decline in new non-performing assets compared with the third quarter. As noted earlier, the rate of increase in criticized and classified loans is slowing. Early stage delinquencies also improved. So as weve stated since January of last year, the area of most credit concern has been our commercial real estate portfolio and specifically our exposures to single family home builders and our retail segments. As we enter 2010, I think its important that our investors know that as a result of the actions taken this past year, we have substantially addressed the single family homebuilder segment. This is not a major concern going forward. The portfolio management focused over the course of the year, combined with reserve actions and dividing our commercial real estate portfolio into core and non-core segments positions us better to deal with this exposure going forward, and Tim will provide details. Our C&I and consumer portfolios are experience higher than normal charge-offs given the weak economy, but we believe these will remain manageable with our consumer loan portfolio performing better relative to peers. Turning to slide nine, despite a reduction due to the fourth quarters loss as expected our capital position remains a positive story. Our period end Tier 1 and total risk based capital ratios were 12.05% and 14.43% respectively. These are $2.6 billion and $1.9 billion above respective regulatory well capitalized 6% and 10% thresholds. We continue to believe, we have sufficient capital to weather a stressed economic scenario. Say it again, we continue to believe we have sufficient capital to weather a stressed economic scenario. Our tangible common equity ratio was 5.92%. A year ago at the vend 2008, we were at 4.04%. Liquidity, which has seen quarterly improvements for the first three quarters strengthened further. Again this past quarter a key driver was the strong 16% annualized growth rate in core deposits. Our loan to deposit ratio at the end of December was 91%. Improved from 94% at the end of September and significantly improved from 108% at the end 2008. Our deposit growth permitted to us reduce non-core funding by $1.8 billion during the quarter. Turning to governance and management, we continue to build the strength of our Board of Directors with the employment of Rick Neu. Rick was the former CFO and treasurer of Charter One Financial, and prior to that was at First Federal of Michigan. Hes got extensive hands on experience in Detroit and Cleveland markets, and other markets, and hes a CPA by way of training. Hes a tremendous addition to the Board. Slide 10, a key element of growing Huntington is investing in resources and talent, especially in those areas that will grow revenue. The slide list selected new management team members hired over the last several months. If you can see some are in positions to take what we have and make it better, like those in retail business banking and commercial banking business segments. Other new hires are leaders and teams aimed at developing critical mass in existing businesses, such as currency risk management or to expand existing businesses into new markets like brokerage sales and weve initiated a new business with the national settlement team. These investments reflect the early stages of implementing our strategic plan. With that Id like to turn this over to Don for a financial performance review. Don.
Don Kimble : Thanks, Steve. Going on slide 11, our net loss for the fourth quarter was $369 7 million, or $0.56 a share. Two significant items impact with the quarters are low. First, we recognize $73.6 million or $0.07 per share gain or redemption of subordinated notes. We completed a tender offer early in the fourth quarter redeeming $371 million of then outstanding coordinated debt. The gain represents the discount paid on the tender and the impact of closing out the related interest rate swap. Second we had a $12 million or $0.02 per share benefit from recognition of certainly previously deferred tax valuation allowances. Slide 12 provides a summary of quarterly earnings trends. Many of the performance metrics we discussed later in the presentation so lets move on. On slide 13 we provide an overview of our pretax pre-provision income performance. We believe this metric is useful that being underlying operating performance. We calculate this metric by starting with the pretax earnings and excluding three items. Provision for credit losses, security gains and losses, and amortization of intangibles we also adjusted for certain significant items including the gain resulting from this quarters subordinated debt tender offer. On this basis, our pretax pre-provision income for the third quarter was $242.1 million, up $4.9 million or 2% from prior quarter. This improvement clearly reflects to the management actions taken to the New Year and we continue to look for additional opportunities to improve our core operating performance. Slide 14 provides a trend of our net interest income and our margin. During the fourth quarter our fully tax equivalent net interest income increased by $9.6 million reflecting a one basis point decrease in our net interest margin and a $1.3 billion increase in our average earning asset base. The margin chain reflected and favorable impact of our improved deposit mix and loan pricing offset by the negative impacts of our stronger liquidity position, the deposit growth resulting in increases to our investment securities portfolio. Also impacting the margin was a swap in effectiveness occurring at the end of the third quarter producing the current quarters net interest income. On slide 15 we show the change in the mix of our investment portfolio with the growth in our deposits weve invested the funds primarily in shorter duration and variable rate securities such as agency CMOs and certain asset backed securities. The short term into these investments provides the flexibility to reposition the portfolio if the yield curve starts to steep or if we decide to utilize the fund future loan growth. Continuing on slide 16 we show the linked quarter loan lease trend. Total commercial loans were down $0.8 billion dollars or 4% reflecting the impact of lower line utilization for our commercial borrowers. The decline also reflects the plan lower commercial real estate balances from the pay downs and charge-offs occurring during the quarter. Total consumer loans were flat with prior quarter despite a 31% increase in origination volume for automobile loans. This increased origination volume was offset by the impact of our continued runoff of the auto lease portfolio and lower residential real estate balances. Turning to slide 17, our strong core deposit growth continued in the fourth quarter. Total core deposits grew at an annualized 16% rate and the growth came from demand deposit and money market category. The Warren bank acquisition added $260 million of core deposits on average. Even after adjusting for this impact core deposits were up 13% on an annualized basis. Slide 18 shows the trends in our non-interest income categories. Our non-interest income declined by $11.5 million from the prior quarter, other income declined by $7.5 million reflecting $16.4 million lower benefit from the change in the fair value of our derivatives that did not qualify for hedge accounting. This was offset by $7.5 million on losses of loans held for sale in the third quarter. Our service charges on deposit account declined $4.1 million from the third quarter level from reducing lower NSF/OD related fees. Mortgage income was up $3 .2 million reflecting stronger origination volume and $2.2 million gain from the MSR hedging activity for the current quarter. The next slide is a summary of our expense trends. Total expenses were down $78.5 million from the prior quarter. This reduction was primarily due to $73.6 million gain on the debt redemption. OREO and foreclosure expenses were down $20.4 million as the prior quarter reflects a $14 million loss on one commercial OREO property. Personnel costs were up $8.5 million from previous quarter. This increase included $4.7 million from incentive related costs. Core salaries were up about 2% in the third quarter reflecting the crease of 81 FTE primarily for specific strategic initiatives. Slide 20 is a summary of our capital trends. We completed a series of capital actions over the last year. The most recent action was a completion of a tender offer for subordinated debt resulting at $73.6 million in pretax gain. This transaction reflected to the utilization of proceeds from our earlier common stock issuance, our capital ratios throughout the year have improved and with our TCE ratio increasing for 4.04% a year ago to 5.92% at the end of this year. Most importantly, we think these actions position us well to weather further economic challenges. We do not have any current plans to issue additional capital. Let me turn the presentation back over to Tim Barber for credit review.
Tim Barber: Thanks, Don. Turning to slide 21, our total net charge-offs were $88.8 million or 25% higher in the fourth quarter, compared to the third quarter with substantial changes in the composition. Total commercial net charge-offs were $129.8 million higher in the quarter as both the C&I and commercial real estate portfolio showed increases. In the consumer portfolio, there were no portfolio actions this quarter contributing to the significant decrease from the prior quarter. We saw elevated levels of losses as a result sister economic conditions. However, it is important to note that we continued to see a reduction in early stage delinquencies despite historically difficult fourth quarter timeframe. As we considered our asset quality trends and drivers, the commercial real estate portfolio remains the most stressed and our primary concern. Within the commercial real estate portfolio, the single family home builders and the retail projects remain the two highest risk segments, generating the bulk of the credit losses. Of the $258 million of commercial real estate charge-offs in the quarter, 73% were associated with these two segments. The retail portfolio alone comprised nearly 50% of the commercial real estate charge-offs. Both of these portfolio segments continued to show stress as we work with the borrowers in resolving the credit issues. While historically we have viewed the single family builder portfolio as the highest risk segment, we believe that we have substantially addressed that exposure at this point. Based on the sum total of our activity over the last two and a half years, we do not expect any material future credit impact from this portfolio segment. The $41 million increase in C&I net charge-offs was primarily associated with losses on four large C&I relationships. The four borrowers represent different industries, but all were significantly impacted by the difficult economic environment over at the past year. Aside from the impact of these loans, the quarter looked much the same as prior quarter. Given the difficult economic environment, we expect that there will be some continuing challenges in the C&I portfolio as we obtain an analyzed updated financial information throughout the next year, but we feel comfortable regarding the overall performance of the C&I book. Of particular note is the continued strengthening of our business banking portfolio performance over the past couple of quarters. We continued to feel very good about C&I loans in our auto finance and dealer services portfolio. We do not anticipate any material dealer related losses in the portfolio even in the face of the market disruption over the past year it has clearly been a positive for our portfolio. Our dealer selection criteria with a focus on multidealership groups have proven itself in this environment. While the outstandings have declined in this portfolio as the utilization on floor plan lines has decreased, we continue to pursue and win new relationships that meet our credit profile. In a seasonally difficult quarter, the consumer portfolio performed consistent with our expectations. The auto loans and leases continued their strong performance, while the increase net charge-offs in home equity loans continued to be driven by our loss mitigation activities. There is fewer account in our loss mitigation cues today as we continue to proactively work away through the portfolio. Residential mortgages and the other consumer loan category were consistent with the prior quarter on an adjusted basis. In the residential portfolio, our loss mitigation cues are down 50% from midyear 2009. We were generally pleased with the results across our consumer portfolio during the quarter. There has been some industry discussion recommend regarding the loss recognition on bankrupt accounts. We take an appropriately conservative stance on recognizing losses on customers, who have filed for bankruptcy protection across the consumer portfolio. Slide 22 represents the net charge-off ratios associated with the portfolios. Turning to slide 23, we were very pleased with the reduction in non-performing assets in the quarter. A $286 million, 12% reduction was centered in a substantially reduced inflow with significant payment and sales activity. The reduction was evident across all of the individual portfolios, but was particularly strong in the commercial real estate portfolio. The accruing restructured loans shown at the bottom of the page reflects the impact of our continued efforts, particularly in the residential secured portfolio segment. On a portfolio continues to be affected by the fragile economic environment across our footprint, our commitment to the enhanced portfolio management processes and problem loan resolution activity over the course of 2009 became more evident in this quarter.  Slide 24 provides a reconciliation of the quarterly changes in the non-performing asset balances. You can see the dramatic decrease in the additions line from $900 million last quarter to under $500 million this quarter. Please note that we continue to be focused on the early recognition of non-accruals. As with the prior quarter, 35% of the total C&I and commercial real estate non-accrual loans were current from a payment standpoint. While the loan losses represent the next largest reduction in the quarter, it is important to focus on the impact of each of the other line items. As you have heard us say over the last year, we have made significant commitment to the size and expertise of our commercial workout group. Payments, return to accrual status, and sales activities are all a function of this groups impact. Each of these line items represents a high watermark to-date. As we through slide it is important to include some comments regarding the underlying migration we are seeing in the portfolio. While the non-accruing loans decreased by a net 12% in the quarter, we did see a continued increase in the level of criticized loans, although at less than a 4% rate. This rate of increase is slightly lower than the third quarter results, one indication of some stabilization evident in the portfolio. As you may recall, and using slide 68 in the appendix as a reference, there was a substantial migrate of out standings into the criticized category, a combination of the classified segments in the second quarter as a result of exporters broad based review activity. The third and fourth quarter increases were manageable given the economic environment. The commercial real estate portfolio continues to be the primary source of the increases in criticized loan out standings. We were encouraged by the low level of net change in criticized loan levels for both the C&I and business banking segment. This is consistent with our view that the commercial real estate portfolio is the primary driver of the asset quality performance. Slide 25 provides an overview of the asset quality trend, particularly in relation to our reserve levels. We have discussed the reduction in non-accruing loans and the basis for the increase in the charge-off ratio in the fourth quarter. The 90 plus days past due on accruing line represents a continued focus on active portfolio management and non-accrual treatment decisions. Steve has provided an overview for the quarter and the bottom half of this slide provides with you some historical context for the resulting ratios. Since we view the entire allowance for credit losses as available to cover loan losses, I will focus on the ACL ratios in my discussion. The 4.16% of out standings and 80% coverage of non-accruing loans are inline with where we believe the industry will be as of the fourth quarter. The 96% coverage of adjusted non-accruing loans excludes the Franklin exposure. We have established a set of allowance for credit loss benchmarks to provide a basis for assessing the adequacy of the reserve and it was within this framework that we determined the level of increase appropriate for the portfolio. In conjunction with our asset quality trends the general economic conditions and a forward-looking view of the commercial real estate market we used these benchmarks in determining the $450 million increase to the reserve. There was a $200 million increase in judgmental component including enhancement to the reserve portion. There was also an incremental $200 million allocated primarily to the commercial real estate portfolio addressing the severity of commercial real estate loss given default percentages and a longer term view of the loss emergent time period. Lastly, approximately $50 million was a function of our normal annual process of adjusting the reserve factors on our consumer portfolios allocated specifically to the residential and home equity portfolio segments. We continue to be pleased with the steady reduction in the 30 day accruing delinquency ratio for the total commercial loan portfolio as shown on slide 26. This is a result of the focus and intention of our relationship managers and the enhanced portfolio management process we put into place over the course of the past 12 months. As expected, we no accruing loans over 90 days past due. On slide 27, our early stage consumer delinquency trends are also positive. Led by the significant reduction in the residential portfolio, this decrease represents a core decline as the portfolio sale and timing of loss recognition adjustments in the third quarter did not impact this segment. The 90 plus days past dues were up slightly for the residential portfolio. Should be noted that the residential presentation excludes the government guaranteed and Franklin related loans. The auto and home equity portfolios performed much as expected. The next four slides provide additional disclosure around our commercial real estate portfolio specifically the reconciliation of the balance reduction and the introduction of the core versus non-core concept. You wont be able to find the product type and maturity schedules from the prior quarter on slides 82 through 84 in the appendix. Slide 28 shows the material decrease in the level of commercial real estate outstanding since the year ago quarter. While the net reduction of $2.4 billion is significant and analysis of the specific components is important we originated only $255 million of new commercial real estate credit, but did have over $1 billion of take downs on existing projects. The remaining unfunded commitments associated with commercial real estate projects. The remaining unfunded commitment associated with commercial real estate projects is not material. The $1.7 billion of payments is a very significant number and is a function of our commitment to reduce the commercial real estate concentration via portfolio management activities such as right sizing loans with our borrowers. The increased expertise in our commercial workout area and the ramp up in payments over the course of the past two quarters reflects this commitment. As we have previously indicated, this past year we embarked on an exercise to properly classify our loans. In the first quarter we made it initial series of changes primarily centered on moving owner occupied loans from commercial real estate to C&I based on the cash flow underwriting of the credits. We made similar adjustments in the fourth quarter primarily associated with loans to healthcare entities and colleges and universities. We believe that loans underwritten based on cash flow from operations should be considered as commercial loans secured by real estate and not housed in the commercial real estate portfolio, which is a real estate project oriented portfolio. The final portion of the reduction was associated with the charge-off activity. Slide 29 provides a summary of the credit quality metric for commercial real estate portfolio including a breakout of the single family homebuilder and retail project portfolio segments. Including the impact of the fourth quarter reserve build, we have taken a 31% grossed up credit mark on the remaining $857 million single family homebuilder portfolio. As I indicated earlier, we do not expect any material credit issues from the homebuilder segment going forward. The retail portfolio has a 20% credit mark, which we also believe is an appropriate mark given our current assessment of the projects within the portfolio. The overall increase in the reserve level to 9.94% of loans represents a proactive assessment of the portfolio and the market dynamics likely to exist in the coming quarters. Slide 30 provides the basis for distinguishing between the core and non-core portions of our commercial real estate portfolio. The key to the core designation is a meaningful relationship Midwest footprint projects and adequate returns on capital. This segregation gives our investors increased transparency as it allows us to provide ongoing performance metrics. Slide 31 provides the breakdown of the commercial real as at the end of the quarter with the September balances and credit metrics provided to facilitate comparisons. You can see the breakdown between the designations with core comprising 53% of the total. These borrowers we intend to support, grow, and develop. While the core portfolio as of December is very clean, we have maintained a 4% reserve given the economic environment and commercial real-estate market conditions. For the non-core portfolio, we have established very substantial reserves and calculated a credit mark. This 27% ratio indicates the aggregate credit mark incorporating both prior charge-offs and existing reserves associated with the loans in the portfolio. Does not include any full balance charge-offs, the charge-offs picking on well and that has been paid off. The 27% mark includes a 40% factor on loans managed within the special assets division. We believe that this level of credit actions puts us in a strong position of flexibility to continue to deal proactively with future credit issues. Let me turn the presentation back to Steve for wrap up.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Tim. Turning to slide 32, let me share with you my expectations about 2010s performance. First, we still do not believe therell be any significant economic turnaround this year. We do see signs of stabilization, and a key assumption for our current outlook comments is that the economy stabilizes at or near the current level throughout the year. With that in mind, we expect net charge-offs and provision expense will be meaningfully below 2009 levels. For us, 2009 is the peak year. Our allowance for credit losses is expected the decline on an absolute basis from its year-end level, reflecting the utilization of existing reserves for elevated inherent losses. We expect our net interest margin will improve from its 3.19% level in the fourth quarter. We anticipate strong growth in core deposits as we grow our retail and business customer bases as well as increase cross sell performance to existing customers. Loan growth is expected to be flat up to slightly. On one hand, we expect increases in C&I and certain consumer segments as customer confidence improves. However, commercial real estate loans are expected to continue to decline. Fee income will continue to be flat to slightly down. However, we expect growth in asset management as well as brokerage and insurance revenues offset in part by declines in NSF overdraft fees. Expenses are expected to increase reflecting the investment in growth and implementation of key strategic initiatives. We believe this set of expectations will return to us quarterly profitable performance sometime during the year. Let me use the next slide to provide some perspective on slide 33, we show the quarterly improvement in pre-tax, pre-provision performance. It also shows that were targeting the continued improvement, $275 million in the third quarter. This is an aggressive target for sure, but one we feel is achievable. It will be dependent primarily on our ability to increase net interest income, control our expense growth by offsetting the cost of investments with improved efficiencies. The growth in net interest income is expected to reflect the combination of factors, including loan and investment securities growth, continued growth in lower cost core deposits, and the resulting improved funding mix and a higher net interest margin reflecting improved loan and deposit spreads. Let me use the next two slides to review key messages that I hope that come to our comments today. Throughout 2009, we reviewed all assets on balance sheet. We specifically commented frequently about the in-depth review of our loan portfolios, as well as the strengthening of our credit management and review processes begun last January. These reviews are completed. Second, our loan loss reserves are strong and were better positioned to continue to address the resolution of problem credits. The rate of increase in criticized and classified loans as well as tin flow into NPAs is slowing. Net charge-offs and provision expense reached their high watermark in 2009. The core and non-core segmentation of our commercial real estate portfolio provides greater transparency and facilitates its further reduction. This will result in improved loan mix overtime. Weve made significant progress in addressing key commercial loan portfolio concerns especially Franklin and the single family homebuilder segment of the commercial real estate portfolio. Our C&I and consumer loan portfolios continue to perform within expectations given the state of the economy. We continue to believe our consumer loan portfolio performance will outperform many of our peers on a relative basis. I think its also important to remember that were not yet out of this economic cycle. Negative credit migration is expected to continue, though at a slower rate than we saw in 2009. Slide 35 and continuing our liquidity position has been built to a very strong level, the strongest in many years. Our funding mix is much stronger and balanced given the increase in core deposits. Were growing households and business relationships. Our capital sufficient to weather a stressed economic scenario, we have no current plan to raise new capital. Were better positioned to eventually repay the $1.4 billion TARP capital. Were continuing to make progress in growing pre-tax pre-provision earnings and our goal is $275 million by the third quarter is aggressive, but we believe its achievable. Were continuing to strengthen our manage team and the depth of expertise at all levels. Weve shifted the offense as reflected in our new hiring and the implementation of our strategic plan and well continue to make investments targeted to growth key fee businesses. We enjoy one of the better fee incomes to revenue ratios amongst our regional peer banks. Lastly, when we put it all together, we believe well return to quarterly profitability sometime during 2010. As I said at that time beginning 2009 was a very difficult year. Were all excited about the possibilities for 2010. We still have credit challenges, but were much better prepared to deal with them today than a year ago, and I think those challenges going forward will be much more manage afternoon. Were getting stronger every day at Huntington. So thank you for your interest. Operator, well now take questions, Courtney, back to you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Dave Rochester - FBR Capital Markets.
Dave Rochester - FBR Capital Markets: My first question is on the CRE portfolio. It sounds like youre very comfortable now with the write-downs on the single family homebuilder portfolio. Youre talking about continued stress in the CRE portion for 2010. Can you talk about the degree of flexibility or cushion you factored into your reserve on this portfolio thats giving you comfort that the reserve builds are behind you? Is that 20% mark on the retail basically factor in further declines in values and increased frequency if we kind of bump along the bottom in stabilization?
Tim Barber: Dave, this is Tim. I think the credit mark is designed to convey exactly that. We have looked at the retail portfolio very, very closely. We take a forward looking view of things such as an example factor that into the values we use. At the end of the day, we believe were comfortable or we have sufficiently addressed tissues at that 20% credit mark.
Dave Rochester - FBR Capital Markets: Then just a quick follow-up on the reserve level itself. You talked about on an absolute basis declining. Should we see something like that occurring as early as the first quarter, or is that more like a second half type of event?
Steve Steinour: No, I think second half. To give you a little more guidance that decline is modest. Were not going to get to profitability off some significant reserve recapture Dave, but we spent a lot of time throughout the year going through these portfolios. We spent a lot of time, particularly in the fourth quarter, looking at the trend and other information and projecting, I think as most people do a continue soft commercial real-estate market intent. We think weve gotten ourselves in a reasonable and prudent level with the reserve build.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan.
Bob Patten - Morgan Keegan: So along the same lines, on the non-core CRE portfolio, we have a 27% mark. Now, obviously were going to slowly try to exit this portfolio. You may have to induce, bigger marks are do you get sales done or do get deals done. How did you come to the 27% number?
Don Kimble: The 27% is an aggregation of the entire portfolio. So, theres a portion of that 40 plus percent credit mark. Theres a portion of thats below 27. I think its important to talk a little bit about whats in there. Within the non-core is a significant amount of what we call investment real estate loans that tend to be smaller commercial loans doesnt mean that theyre core performers.  It just means thats not businesses that were going engage in going forward. So theres a real mix in that portfolio, and from an aggregate level, the 27% makes a lot of sense to us, incorporate what we see today as well as what we think is going to happen in the coming months.
Steve Steinour: There was a tremendous effort in scrubbing this book-to-break it core/non-core and a lot of sensitivity analysis. So weve got a lot of confidence around the core. These are identified customers. Randy, why dont you just comment briefly about that if you would, so will you get a sense of how were viewing this.
Randy Stickler: Should, Steve. Id be happy to. As you can imagine, Ive got a passion about this the core and non-core development, was an ongoing process that not only engage the business segment but included credit administration, risk, and policy. We looked at the core portfolio, just to give you some metrics of that. On average theyve been customers of this bank for well over a decade. I have nearly 30 years in the business. Whenever we address some of the sensitivity issues that Steve mentioned, if you look at this portfolio on a performing basis, and use a 7%, 25 year amortization, on average this portfolio has over a 130 debt service cover. We have on each and every borrower global cash flows on their business. We actually have verified the cash of the guarantor 95 plus percent of this book does have guarantors. We have operating level cash flows, and even with this, what we believe to be good portfolio of commercial real estate, we have an ongoing review process that we look at a portion if not all of these loans on a rolling monthly basis. So, we have an ongoing prudent process to be sure that we are identifying in the early stages any risk that maybe portfolio. So that was a rigorous process that brought to us these conclusions, and were very comfortable with where we sit today.
Steve Steinour: Thank you. I would say, last year we were almost in the firehouse stage for much of the year, absorbing, and I think many of you use the catch a falling knife analogy. Weve caught it weve got a tight grip on it, a consequence that is calendar year shifting into a value maximization out of what might be thought of as a triage and maybe even a bit of a dumping approach.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank:  If I could follow up on the positive net interest margin outlook, looking at the liability side of things it seems like theres a lot of room to reprice your core CDs. I think theyre costing you north of 3% and there are still some higher cost broke up CDs that I seem to be running off. So, Im just wondering, given flexibility overtime on the liability side, can you give us a sense of the magnitude of the margin expansion that youre expecting here?
Don Kimble: Thanks, Matt. As for as the margin expansion, I think that we will see the benefit of that deposit book repricing that our average going on rate for time deposits is right around 1%. That clearly is a lift coming from that. I think our greater opportunity, as for as the deposit base, is continuing to see the positive mix change that were generating here. As youve noted, our time deposit balances are going down. Were seeing very strong growth in the core transaction type accounts and weve been underweighted in that historically compared to what we think the industry is performing at. So that clearly will add additional margin benefit for us and historically weve talked about that being upwards of 20 to 25 basis points just for the lift from the deposit mix change. I think that kind of gives you a ballpark range.
Matthew OConnor - Deutsche Bank: Just separately, the inflows into non-performer were down sharply quarter-to-quarter. Is there, do you think this level is sustainable, or could it tick up a little? I guess is there anything unusual that made the number so low?
Tim Barber: In the third quarter, we tried to really proactively identify what we saw possibly emerging. We think we did that. That contributed in part, maybe large part, to the fourth quarter slowdown, but we dont see that as a one quarter phenomenon. Our early on view of the first quarter is encouraging in that and in other respects.
Steve Steinour: Matt, I would add that we didnt change the focus on early identification, 35% of them are still current. 50% of them are less than 90 days past due. So the decrease was not a function of a change in treatment in any way.
Tim Barber: The bulk of the reduction, again, was cash payment. So is fundamentally it reflects our efforts to direct activity and resolution of credit.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: Im sorry, if I missed this at the beginning, but a lot of banks were putting excess liquidity to work over the past three or five months. Did you kind of walk through why you were carrying the excess liquidity?
Tim Barber: Weve continued to carry the excess liquidity just because of deposit growth weve experienced throughout the last quarter. Our core deposits are up $1.3 billion from third quarter to fourth quarter, and thats resulted in a net increase to our earning asset base. So we think thats a distinguishing factor compared to some of our competitors is that with their shrinking balance sheet, they probably showed a wider expansion of their margin. If we would have just kept our balance sheet flat and not had that deposit growth, our margins, in instead of 319, would have been a 326. We think its prudent for us to continue to focus on growing core deposit relationships and well continue to focus on that going forward.
Tim Barber: We shared earlier strategically that we believe we can take the balance sheet and do a deposit funded balance sheet, and were making progress in that regard with core deposits.
Brian Foran - Goldman Sachs: If I could follow up you kind of touched on it, but if I translate just on the excess liquidity point, the margin point youre making to net interest income dollars. Are you going to be rolling off kind of limited spread securities, and therefore margin goes up, but all else equal, net interest income isnt really affected, or is this a case where youre going to be take excess liquidity and remixing it into higher yield loans or securities?
Tim Barber: One, we think the net interest income will continue to improve over the next several quarters and we think that could be a key driver for us to get to the $275 million pre-tax, pre-provision levels. I think that they were trying to position the balance sheet in such a way right now so that were investing the proceeds from our deposit growth in fairly short dated or variable rate securities, so that as rates do start to tick up were better position hed to be able to leverage that increase in rate. The other thing that we do have available at some point in time, this is that we are going to start to see the loan side of the balance sheet start to pick up again. We saw a little built of that with the indirect although our pipeline is very strong on the commercial, the C&I book and so we think that will also provide incremental lift compared to what were seeing now as far as 230 type of investment yield on new asset purchases there. The asset mix, as question is one of the bigger opportunities for us. Were very, very liquid.
Operator: Your next question comes from Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill.
Scott Siefers - Sandler ONeill: Just on the guidance, you gave a lot of good detail on the expense expectations, for example. I guess I was a bit surprised that almost all of the guidance for the higher pre-provision earnings comes from the revenue side, and theres no real expectation for lower expenses. I guess Im just curious what type of flexibility or contingency plans you guys would have on the cost side to help you meet the pre provision earnings goal if the revenue side doesnt pan out?
Tim Barber: Your question would reflect the answer. If were not getting the revenue, well dial back the expenses, but the expense build reflect an intent to invest on a multiyear basis to deliver a strategic plan that has a number of different growth dimensions, and has a ramp up that doesnt entirely come through in our outlook for 2010, but if we need to adjust it, we will, Scott.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: My first question is I was hoping could you just explain specifically again what exactly changed with the reserving methodology. Really, Im just trying to understand, what was it about fourth quarter that you were not doing in third quarter? Did you see any incremental deterioration? Really, Im just trying to get at, if you go through this sort of annual reviews, are we going to see another big reserve build at some point in the future?
Tim Barber: We went through, what I would call our annual review of the process. I think that was clearly colored this quarter by the market, and in particular, the commercial real estate market, how were thinking about it. We also were faced with thinking about changes in our asset quality conditions. Our non-performers were down $500 million of inflow is a significant number. Our criticized loan levels continue to increase, albeit at a slower rate. So as we thought about all of those factors combined, we felt it was prudent to increase the reserve. I provided the breakdown in the comments, and Im happy to go back through that if would you like a fair amount of it had to do with commercial real estate, both in terms of the severity side of the equation as well as the timeframe over which were seeing losses. We also incorporated a more substantial judgmental portion to the reserve, specifically enhanced our economic reserve modeling portion of that and then the last piece was what I would call a normal or very regular change in our consumer reserve factors. Thats something that we have been doing for well over five years now, and there have been both a positive and negative moves over the course of that five year period.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Is there any explicit assumptions about you would need to see, basically youd have to hit your guidance of lower NPLs or reduction in classifieds in order to make sure that the reserve is adequate or if you see sort of ongoing NPL inflows at reduced levels, but still elevated levels, that that would require additional reserve build?
Tim Barber: Weve got a series of benchmarks that weve put together that provide an overall view of the adequacy going forward. Certainly, changes in non-accruing loans are one of those, but it is not the only one. As you mentioned the quality, if I can use that term in conjunction with non-accruing loans, would have a significant impact on how we think about the reserve level going forward.
Steve Steinour: Ken, as rather the consequence of the review activity monthly, theres a shared conclusion that we have turned the corner, we have expectations of improvement, and to be prudent about potential or ongoing degradation. Were suggesting that reserve recapture would be modest in the course of 10, even though our expectation is that well be able to demonstrate meaningful improvement throughout the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erika Penala - UBS.
Erika Penala - UBS: I apologize if I missed this, but when you comb through your commercial real estate portfolio and stress tested it, did you stress test debt service coverage ratio for higher interest rate?
Don Kimble: Yes, we used a 7% fixed.
Erika Penala - UBS: Could you explain that?
Don Kimble: What we looked at was from a permanent market, if it did exist today, we felt that the normalized rate would be at a 7% constant, so we did that with a 25 year end, which would take your constant into the low 8 and with that it would have a 130 debt service covered. Whenever we would look at the contractual rate, which if we reflect back to 12 months to 24 months, whenever it was a very aggressive pricing markets, and these loans were based upon LIBOR, maybe a spread as low as 200 over LIBOR that contractual rate, the actual debt service coverage goes up into the 140s. So the note rate that theyre paying us has a better coverage than what we would have used with the 7%, so we raised it to the 7% to give some cushion to know if weve had the ability to take the loan out. So, that was kind of the margin and even with 27%, we still feel that we have adequate debt service covered with that 1.3.
Erika Penala - UBS: I know its hard to generalize, given the different asset classes within the portfolio, but the 1 to 3 debt service coverage, what does that assume in terms of forward rent?
Steve Steinour: What we would do, we always are constantly reappraising as required, and we will use those appraises and look at the rents and as we looking going forward the rents that were seeing are downward there is no doubt about that. So as we model those and we go forward and we put together the pro forma cash flow, we generally take those rents down.
Erika Penala - UBS: Just a quick question, following up with Matts question. On the margin guidance, what are you assuming in terms of the underlying interest rate environment?
Tim Barber: Our base underlying assumption includes the forward curve and so it assumes basically the short earned of the curve stays fairly flat until the end of the year. I think theres a 25 basis point increase in the third or fourth quarter, but were not assuming essential any significant lift coming from. That we tend to manage our interest rate risk position essentially we possibly can.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Usdin - Banc of America.
Ken Usdin - Banc of America: One question on capital, Steve, hearing your comments that if you really good about where your capital levels are to with stand any type of adverse scenario, Im just wondering, can you give us some understanding kind of where you expect capital to live what youre going to be managing to over the longer term?
Steve Steinour: First of all, were comfortable work with where we are. Were expecting at some point theres going to be some regulatory guidance that emerges in 10. We think were prudent with where we are and we expect to turning to profitability, be generating capital. So that is the basis for the current position.
Ken Usdin - Banc of America: So we just to have wait and see on what the real ratios are before you can actually set us?
Steve Steinour: We can, but we dont think were not convinced wed be outside of any ranges to begin with and we certainly that wouldnt expect to be meaningfully outside.
Ken Usdin - Banc of America: With regards to the DTA as you get to that point where you do expect profitability, what needs to occur to be able to recapture the rest of the portion of the DTA thats currently excluded from your regulatory ratios?
Steve Steinour: The regulatory calculations get a little complex, but essentially will take about a four quarter process before you start to see some of that benefit return, but its really utilization of the reserves that are established thats could create some of the reduction in that DTA disallowance.
Ken Usdin - Banc of America: So that would still be a ways away.
Steve Steinour: Thats correct.
Operator: Your final question comes from Jeff Davis - FTN Capital.
Jeff Davis - FTN Capital: Steve, the FDIC presumably is going to ramp up closures in Michigan. I know youve done one deal up there. Whats your interest in expanding your footprint and depository base up the FDIC?
Steve Steinour: Jeff, as weve said before, we would opportunistically look at acquiring with assisted transactions and possibly a variety of flavors, but its really important to us. Our primary focus is getting to profitability, executing our strategic plan, driving the core. Were not feeling any pressure to do another little deal in Michigan or for that matter anywhere else and theres a distraction factor doing these little things. I dont mean to be demeaning in terms of any acquisition.
Jay Gould: Everybody, this is Jay Gould. I apologize for the couple of people that were still in the queue. If you have those questions, please bring them to my attention, and Ill sit down with you, or Don, or whomever we need to get together, but we have another time commitment coming right upon us. So, thanks for your participating. Well appreciate your interest Huntington. Well talk to you later. Good bye.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Gould  Director, IR Steve Steinour  Chairman, President and CEO Don Kimble  EVP and CFO Tim Barber  SVP, Credit Risk Management
Analysts: Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley Jeff Davis  FTN Equity Ken Usdin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good afternoon my name is Chanel and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington third quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. (Operator instructions). Thank you. Mr. Gould, you may begin your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you, Chanel and welcome everybody. I am Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our website www.Huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about an hour from the close. Please call the investor relations department at 614-480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings or playback, or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides. Slides two through four, notes several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation does contain both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures, and where we believe its helpful to understanding Huntingtons results of operations or financial position. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used the comparable GAAP financial measures as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the slide presentation in its appendix in the press release and the quarterly financial review supplements to todays earnings press release or in the related Form 8-K filed earlier today, all of which you can find on our website. Turning to slide 5, todays discussion including the Q&A period, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties, which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now, turning to todays presentation, as noted on slide six, participating today are Steve Steinour, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Don Kimble, Senior Executive Vice President and CFO; and Tim Barber, Senior Vice President of Credit Risk Management. Also present for the Q&A session is Dan Neumeyer, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Credit Officer; and Nick Stanutz, Senior Executive Vice President of Auto Finance and Dealer Services. Lets get started by turning to slide seven and Steve.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Jay, and welcome everyone. First, a word of introduction. I am pleased to introduce Dan Neumeyer to you. He has just joined us early this month. Dan came to us from Comerica where he was the Chief Credit Officer for the Texas bank. He has extensive credit and commercial banking experience with middle market companies and small businesses. He also has experience in commercial credit training that will broaden team skills here in Huntington. Potentially, he brings a demonstrated expertise in portfolio management. He has got a proven track record of performance, which will further strengthen the credit culture here at Huntington. So, welcome Dan. I think its important to note upfront that for the nine months, weve made good progress in positioning Huntington for improved long-term performance. I hope you have seen the urgency with which we are moving forward. Our number one objective is to position Huntington to return to profitability as soon as possible with better and consistent long-term performance. Progressively addressing credit issues is fundamental to achieve in its objective. We made a number of significant decisions in the first half of the year and some more this past quarter is part of our objective to continue to seek opportunities to aggressively identify and resolve problem credits. Despite the third quarters loss, we are encouraged by the progress we are making. As I noted in the last quarter, we are moving towards pulling offsets, and you will see that evident in a number of third quarter performance stats. We are more focused and are seeing improvement in underlying performance in a number of key areas. Ill begin with the review of our third quarter performance highlights. Dan will follow up with a detailed overview of our financial performance. Tim will provide an update on credit, and Ill then return with some 2009 fourth quarter outlook comments while, I hope our investors take away from our third quarter performance. Lets begin the presentation by turning to slide 8. We reported a net loss of $166.33 million a share or common share. The driver of the loss was a $475 million provision for credit losses. This provision was $61.4 million, 15% higher than the second quarter. It also was $190 million or 33% higher than net charge-offs thus strengthening our allowance for credit losses. Contributing to this increase were certain credit actions that well talk about in more detail in a moment, which were consistent with our objective of moving impressively to address problem credits as quickly as possible. Pre-tax, pre-provision income was $237.1 million, up 7.8 million or 3% from the second quarter, so progress continues. This reflected a number of positive trends in underlying performance drivers. For example, pre-taxable equivalent net interest income increased to $15.9 million or 5% as our net interest margin expanded 10 basis points to 3.2%. And core deposits grew at 10% annualized rate, our third consecutive quarter of meaningful flow. Average loans declined to $1.2 billion reflecting planned efforts to reduce our commercial real estate loan exposure, but also reflecting old C&I loans to the lower line utilization particularly in all the auto dealer floor plan loans given the success of the Cash for Clunkers program and lower dealer inventories. Weak demand also resulted in a decline in total consumer loans while average loans declined, average investment security increased to $1.3 billion, but the cash from our capital raising efforts was deployed. Regarding capital [ph] we took further action by adding $587 million to common equity. This was accomplished through a third discretionary equity issuance program and a very successful common stock offering. Reflecting these actions, all our period end capital ratios saw further significant improvement. Our tangible common equity increased to 6.46%, up 78 bips. Remember this was only 404 at the end of last year. I certainly remember the 404. Our regulatory Tier I and Total risk-based capital ratios increased to 13.04% and 16.24% respectively. These are $3.1 billion and $2.8 billion above the respective regulatory well capitalized 6% and 10% thresholds. We believe we now have sufficient capital to weather a stressed economic scenario. Liquidity was also further strengthened. A key driver was the strong core deposit growth mentioned earlier. Our loan to deposit ratio at the end of September was 94%, improved from 98% at the end of June and much improved from 108% at the end of last year. At September 30, total cash and due from banks was $1.9 billion, or $1.1 billion higher than at December 31st. Also since last year, our unpledged investment securities portfolio has increased $4.3 billion. Now turning to slide 9, consistent with our objectives, we took certain credit actions to further aggressively addressing current and emerging credit issues, so as to accelerate the identification, recognition, and resolution of problem credits. We believe our actions will result in timelier resolution. As related to third quarter performance, these actions contributed to higher commercial loan non-accrual, residential mortgage debt charge-offs and provision for credit loss expenses. With regard to the commercial portfolio and utilizing enhanced portfolio management process sees put in place in the first half of the year. We continued our emphasis of identifying potential emerging problems in our commercial loan portfolio. It's important to note that our change in criticized loans for the quarter was 4%, and that over 55% of the third quarter's newly identified commercial non-accrual loan were less than 30 days past due. As related to our residential mortgage portfolio we took a more conservative position on the timing of loss recognition and continued active loss mitigation and troubled debt restructuring efforts. Here we also sold some underperforming loans for the first time this year. It's important to note that even though total portfolio net charge-offs were elevated, they continued to be below the two-year cumulative loss assumption used in our loan portfolio stress test analysis announced last May. There are two other areas I want to highlight. First, we continued to strengthen our board and management team. Bill Robertson joined the board. He is a former president, director and deputy chair and one time CFO of National City Corp in Cleveland. He clearly understands our markets very well, brings a wealth of banking and business development experience to our board. We also strengthened our management committee. I already mentioned Dan. Also joining our team is Elizabeth Heller Allen, executive vice president, director of corporate public relations and communications. She has outstanding and broad experience and background at several Fortune 100 companies. She will lead the creation and delivery of an integrated communications program that supports and is consistent with the Huntington brand. In our business segments Dave Hammer recently joined us as president of our Pittsburgh region; and Bill Shivers was appointed president of our Akron/Canton region. Both are important market to us. Both of these individuals bring a wealth of banking and local market experience to Huntington. Lastly, and as evidence of our shift to offense, on October 2nd we acquired approximately $400 million of deposits of Warren bank, locates in Macomb County in Michigan, just northeast of Detroit in FDIC related transaction. We're very pleased to have a successful bidder for this franchise, and welcome the over 8,000 customers to Huntington. From a fund raising perspective, this should result in continued improvement in our loan to deposit ratio. We're pleased with the early on results and expect to have all the accounts converted and the customers fully integrated by the middle of January next year. As further evidence of our progress and playing offense, I'm pleased to announce that just yesterday we've been informed by the US Small Business Administration that for the fiscal year ending September 30 they ranked Huntington the number one SBA lender in Ohio and West Virginia in terms of loans and amount of lending and number one in SBA lending in Indiana and Michigan in terms of loans. Let me turn the presentation over to Don to review the financial performance. Don?
Don Kimble: Thank you, Steve. Slide 10 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trends. Our reported net loss as Steve said earlier for the quarter was $0.33 per common share, or $0.07 per share less than our second quarter loans. Many of the other performance metrics will be discussed later in the presentation, so let's move on. On slide 11, we provide an overview of our pre-tax pre-provision income performance. We believe this metric is useful in assessing the underlying operating performance. We calculate this metric by starting with the pre-tax earnings, then excluding three items, provision for credit losses, security gains and losses, and amortization of intangibles. In the past, we've also adjusted for certain significant items. However, this quarter we did not adjust for any items. On this basis, our pre-tax, pre-provision income for the third quarter was $237.1 million, up $7.8 million or 3% from the last quarter. This improvement clearly reflects the managements actions taken during the first nine months of the year, and we continue to look for additional opportunities to improve our core operating performance. Slide 12 provides a trend of our net interest income and our margin. During the third quarter, our net interest income increased by $15.9 million, reflecting a 10 basis point improvement in our net interest margin and a stable average earning asset base. The margin improvement reflected a favorable impact of our improved loan pricing and deposit mix, partially offset by the negative impact of the actions taken to improve our on-balance sheet liquidity position, and the higher levels of nonperforming assets. On slide 13, we show the change in our mix of our investment portfolio. With the growth in our deposits, we've invested the funds primarily in two-year agency securities and three-year agency CMOs. The short-term nature of these investments provides the flexibility to reposition the portfolio if the yield curve starts to steep in. The three highest risk segments of our investment portfolio are shown on slide 14, our Alt-A mortgaged back, our pool trust preferred and our prime CMO segment. During the quarter, we sold $97 million of book value of our Alt-A securities. These securities were some of the lower-graded securities we owned. These sales are part of a design plan to lower the risk profile of the portfolio. As a matter of fact, our risk weighted assets associated with the securities declined by more than the amount sold, or by $207 million. The trust preferred securities continue to reflect the stress of the economic environment with many of the underlying issuers deferring payment. With the increased deferrals and the expected defaults, we recognize an additional $14.6 million of other than temporary impairments on these securities. These losses were offset by security gains on the sales of the Alt-A and certain agency securities. The prime CMOs reflect the increased prepayments realized during the third quarter. These bonds continue to perform as expected. Continuing on to slide 15, we show the link quarter loan and lease trends. Total commercial loans were down by $0.9 billion or 4% reflecting the impact of a lower line utilization for commercial borrowers, including auto dealer floor plan loans. The decline reflects the planned lower commercial real estate balances reflecting both paydowns and charge-offs. The decrease in total loans also reflects a slight decline in total consumer loans. Turning to slide 16, one of the real highlights for the quarter was the continued growth in our core deposits. Not only did we grow total core deposits on an annualized 10% rate, but the growth came from the demand deposits and money market category. We continue to emphasize core deposit growth through our incentive programs and management goals. We're very pleased with the results to date. Slide 17 shows the trends in our non-interest income categories. Of note, our service charges on deposit accounts reflect the growth in our demand deposits, up 7% from the second quarter. Mortgage banking income declined by $9.4 million from the second quarter reflecting lower  from refinance activity. Other income for the quarter was down $15.6 million as the second quarter reflected a $31 million gain related to our Visa stock. The current quarter included a $22.8 million gain from the interest rate swaps deemed as ineffective this quarter. These swaps have been re-designated with the remaining benefit recognized earlier  over the remaining term of two to three years. Also included in other income for the quarter was a $7.5 million loss from the sale of nonperforming loans. Turning to the next slide is the summary of our expense trends. Total expenses are up $61 million from the prior quarter. In the second quarter we recognized $67.4 million of gain in the redemption of trust preferred securities. This quarter our OREO and foreclosure expenses as shown separately and the increase reflect $14 million loss on one commercial OREO property. As shown on slide 19 during the quarter, we completed our announced plan to enhance our capital positions. We completed $150 million discretionary equity issuance program followed by $460 million public issuance. The results of these issuances brought our TCE ratio for the quarter to 6.46%, up 78 basis points. Our Tier 1 common equity increased by 102 basis points to 7.82%. Slide 20 provides a summary of the capital actions over the first nine months of the year. In total we've increased Tier 1 common by more than $1.6 billion during this time. Although issuing additional capital is not planned at this time we are currently considering additional liability management actions to further bolster our capital ratios and utilize some of the net proceeds and capital raids [ph]. Let me turn the presentation over to Tim Barber to review the credit trend.
Tim Barber: Thanks, Don. Turning to slide 21 our total charge-offs were $21.5 million or 6% higher in the third quarter than the second quarter. However, there were substantial changes in the composition. Total commercial net charge-offs were $32.8 million lower in the quarter as the C&I portfolio showed a significant decline while the commercial real estate portfolio remained constant. In the consumer portfolio, two discretionary credit actions associated with the residential mortgage portfolio substantially increased the charge-off recognized in the quarter. As the economic conditions in our market continue to be challenging and the home prices remained flat, we adjusted the timing of our loss recognition to ensure that we are taking a conservative view of the value of the real estate collateral. This change accounted for a $32 million loss during the quarter. In addition, we transferred $45 million of underperforming residential mortgage loans to loans held for sale which resulted in a $17.6 million loss. This sale activity was entirely comprised of Huntington originated loans. We believe that the combination of these two actions best positions Huntington well for the future. The remaining consumer loan portfolios performed much as anticipated with lower auto losses and marginally higher home equity losses primarily as a result of increased short sale activity. The third quarter represented our highest level of closed loss mitigation structures. It is important to note that all of the consumer portfolio showed improved early stage delinquency levels of our second quarter results. As we consider our asset quality trends and drivers the commercial real estate portfolio remains the most stressed. The bulk of the commercial real estate net charge-offs came from the two highest risk segments of the portfolio, single-family home builders and commercial real estate retail projects. Both of these segments continue to show stress as we work with the borrowers in resolving challenging credit issues. The 35.3 million decline in non Franklin C&I net charge-offs was a function of lower losses throughout our geographic regions and was also evident in our small business banking portfolio. We expect that there will be continued weakness in the C&I portfolio as we obtain and analyze updated financial information throughout the next year. One C&I segment that we continue to feel comfortable about despite the environment is the C&I loans in our Auto Finance and Dealer Services portfolio. We do not anticipate any dealer related losses in the portfolio even in the phase [ph] of the dealership closings. Our dealer selection criteria was the focus on multi dealership groups has proven itself in this environment. Our indirect auto portfolio continues to show very positive performance trends while home equity portfolio did show an increase from the prior quarter. Despite the increase in losses were generally pleased with the results across our consumer portfolio during the quarter, particularly given the economic environment in our market. Slide 22 represents the net charge-off ratios associated with our portfolio. You should note that annualized residential mortgage net charge-off ratios shown as 6.15% would have been 1.73% excluding the previously mentioned $49.6 million in charge-offs related to this quarter's credit action and loss on loan sale. On the same basis, the total net charge-off ratio of 3.76% would have been 3.24%, down from the 3.43% in the second quarter. Turning to slide 23, non-accrual loans were $2.2 billion at September 30th, representing 5.85% of total loans and leases. This $363 million increase was more than the $265 million increase from the prior quarter from the first quarter to the second quarter as we continued our practice of early recognition of non-accrual treatment in the commercial portfolios. By way of example, over 55% of the new commercial non-accruals identified in the quarter were contractually current as of September 30th. The residential mortgage non-accrual declined in the quarter was a result of the credit actions described earlier. The $156 million increase in C&I accruals reflected the impact of the economic conditions in our markets and was evident across our regions and industry segments. In general, those C&I loans supporting the housing or construction segments, and non-dealer related loans associated with the auto industry experienced the most stress. Importantly, less than 10% of the C&I portfolio is associated with these segments. We have also seen some deterioration in the manufacturing industry segment, but believe this is a more borrower centric than industry related issue. The $283 million increase in the commercial real estate non-accruals reflected the continued decline in the housing market, stress on retail sales and a general decline in the economy. The increase this quarter was not concentrated in a specific project type although the single-family homebuilder and retail segments remain the most stressed. It is important to note that on an overall basis, 35% of the total C&I and commercial real estate non-accruals were current from a payment standpoint. On the non-performing asset front, OREO balance has declined as we actively marketed and sold our properties, including OREO generated from the acquired Franklin portfolio. The increase in the impaired loans held for sale was attributable to the previously mentioned transfer of residential mortgages to loans held for sale. Slide 24 provides a summary of some key asset quality trends. Our nonaccruing loan ratio increased to 5.85% in larger part due to changes in treatment described earlier. The NPA ratio was 6.26%. We continue to actively manage the portfolio as evidenced by the reduction in our commercial accruing 90 plus delinquencies to virtually zero for the third consecutive quarter, and a decline in the consumer 90-day delinquency that I will review later. Our reported allowance for credit loss ratio of 2.9% represented a significant increase from the 2.51% reported in the prior period. Despite the increase in our reserve balance, the resulting nonaccruing loan and non-performing asset covered ratios declined in the quarter. We believe that the allowance for credit loss to nonaccruing loan ratio of 50% is not representative of the actual risk profile of the portfolio. Slide 25 provides some new details regarding our non-accruing asset balances. On Slide 25, you can see the assessment of the non-accrual loan balances as of September 30th. We believe that Franklin loans have been addressed based on the fact that they have been written down to value as evidenced by the 71% in the prior charge-off column. Subtracting the Franklin non-accruing loans resulted in the $1.8 billion non-Franklin, non-accruing loan amount shown. This amount is more comparable to other banks. As we think about reserve adequacy, it is important to take into consideration not only the reserve level, but also cumulative losses. On our non-Franklin nonaccruing loans we have taken a cumulative charge-off of 26%. In other words, the $1.8 billion represents a 74% carrying value. In addition, we have an allowance for credit losses representing 18% of the carrying value of the loans to absorb future deterioration. We think it is also important to give consideration to the fact that embedded in the $1.8 billion are $507 million of loans that were impaired under the FAS 114 analysis process. These loans have been written down by an aggregate of 33%, and per accounting regulation, have no reserve.\ Excluding these impaired commercial loans, leaves an adjusted non Franklin, nonaccruing loan balance of $1.3 billion, which has been written down by a cumulative 23% with an additional 25% reserve against the carrying value to absorb future losses. It is also of interest to note that of the $1.3 billion of adjusted non Franklin, nonaccruing loans, 50% were less than 30 days past due. Let me emphasize that point. 50% of the adjusted non Franklin, nonaccruing loans were current. We also feel very comfortable that the existing allowance for credit losses on the $96 million of non Franklin residential mortgage and home equity nonaccruing loans is sufficient. While we acknowledge that the aggregate allowance for credit loss coverage of 50% of nonaccruing loans shown on the previous slide is low relative to other banks, we believe that providing this additional analysis on the confirmation of our nonaccruing loan balances provides a clearer picture of our credit actions associated with these loans and why we are comfortable with our current level of reserve. Slide 26 provides a reconciliation of the quarterly changes in the nonperforming asset balances. You can see the increasing level of new additions, which continues to be heavily weighted towards commercial real estate. We continue to be focused on the early recognition of non-accruals, particularly as a result of the economic stress, some of our borrowers are experiencing. As we view this slide, it is important to include some comments regarding the underlying migration we are seeing in our portfolio. While nonaccruing loans increased a net 20% in the quarter, the net level of criticized loans increased by only 4%. As you may recall, and using slide 75 as a reference point, there was substantial migration into the criticized category, a combination of the OLEM and classified segment, in the second quarter as a result of that quarter's broad-based review activity. We expect to see continued additional migration into the criticized category as the economic environment remains challenging. Of the 4% increase in criticized loans in the third quarter, the bulk of the increase was again associated with the commercial real-estate portfolio. We were encouraged by the low level of net change in criticized C&I and business banking segment loans. This is consistent with our view that the commercial real estate portfolio of the primary driver of the asset quality performance to date. It is important to note that the level of criticized loans is a leading indicator of future nonaccruing loan and charge-off levels as there are established migration patterns. What we experienced in the third quarter was a more rapid movement into the nonaccruing loan category as we continue to be focused on early recognition. A final comment on the changes and asset quality in the quarter. We continue to expect losses to be below the stress test results as presented on slide 142. We continue to believe our consumer segments will perform well under the low expectation level shown in that SCAP analysis with our C&I portfolio performance expected to be near the low end of the range and our commercial real estate portfolio approaching the high end of the range. Again, this is consistent with our belief that the commercial real estate portfolio is by far our most stressed portfolio. Slide 27 provides a view of the trend in the commercial loan over 30 day and over 90 day delinquency ratios. These ratios include both the C&I and commercial real estate portfolios and is one measure of the underlying quality of the portfolio, especially the over 30 day delinquency ratio. Turning to slide 28, our C&I portfolio from a credit quality performance perspective continue to operate at manageable levels. Delinquencies were little changed with the prior quarter and the net charge off ratio was lower. There has been significant news from the industry surrounding the result of the shared national credit examination result. From a Huntington perspective, the asset quality metrics for criticized, classified, and non-accruals associated with our shared national credit portfolio are approximately 50% lower than the reported industry ratios. Our shared national credit exposure is limited to borrowers in our footprint, where we can develop a non credit relationship in addition to the loan exposure. This strategy in place since the early 2000 has had a direct impact on the further better asset quality ratios. On slide 29, you can see similar information for our commercial real estate portfolio. As we continue to provide additional disclosure around our commercial real estate portfolio, slide 30 provides a look at the exposure by type of loan, using expanded definitions that provide more clarity regarding this portfolio. Given the lack of liquidity in the permanent markets, we have now separately defined a permanent qualified category based on positive debt service coverage and loan-to-value position. This segment was previously part of the Mini-Perm segment. Given the market condition and our focus on shorter term renewals a buildup in the Mini-Perm category is inevitable. It is important to note that we are not looking longer term renewals into the Mini-Perm category and then forgetting them. Our strategy is to maintain a direct and ongoing connection with our borrowers on these projects. Turning to slide 31, you can see the material difference in asset quality among these newly defined categories. In particular, the permanent eligible category has the best asset quality metrics. The construction and traditional Mini-Perm categories continue to be the source of the bulk of the credit issues in the portfolio. Importantly, in these higher risk construction and Mini-Perm categories, over 50% is already managed by our special asset division. This ensures that an appropriate collateral valuation has already occurred and is incorporated into our reserve calculation. It is also noteworthy that 15% of the total construction balances are associated with non-developed projects such as owner occupied buildings. The other new disclosure is found on slide 32, which represents a commercial real estate loan maturity schedule. We have used this maturity schedule as part of our project management process, contacting our borrowers well in advance of a maturity date to facilitate negotiations and solutions. Our ability directly contact our borrowers is significant differentiation between our portfolio and the majority of the CMBS metrics in the market today. As noted on the prior slide, approximately 50% of the two highest risk segments are already managed by our special assets division. Slide 33 shows the trend in over 30 and over 90 day delinquencies for our three major consumer loan portfolios excluding Franklin and Ginnie Mae guaranteed balances. The auto loan and lease portfolio performance remain consistent with the prior quarter continuing the positive performance trends we have seen over the prior three quarters. Early stage delinquencies are highly predictive of future performance in this portfolio. There was an increase in the home equity ratios but we continue to feel comfortable with the performance of this portfolio. The residential delinquencies are lower in both categories as a result of the portfolio actions taken in the quarter. It is important to note that the delinquency rates would have been lower even without the impact of the credit actions. In summary, we continue to believe performance in our consumer loan portfolios will show better relative performance throughout the cycle notwithstanding the spike in residential mortgage net charge-offs this quarter due to the specific credit actions. Let me turn the presentation back to Steve for wrap up.
Steve Steinour: Thank you, Tim. Turning to slide 34, let me share with you my expectations about 2009 fourth quarter performance. First, as we've said since January, we still do not believe there will be any significant economic turnaround this year. We continue to believe we are good at understanding the risks in our consumer loan portfolios and that those loans will perform on a relative basis better throughout this cycle. Nevertheless, as noted earlier, we're continuing to seek opportunities to accelerate the identification, resolution of problem credits, returning Huntington to profitability as soon as possible, is our highest priority, and getting the credit issues identified, addressed, and behind us is key. As such, we anticipate that net charge-offs, provision expense and loan loss reserves will remain elevated. The good progress we've made in improving our pre-tax, pre-provision income is encouraging by continuing to focus from disciplined loan and deposit pricing, we expect our fourth quarter net interest margins will be flat to slightly higher than the third quarter. The very interaction we have achieved in growing transaction related core deposits is also expected to continue. However, loans are expected to decline modestly reflecting the impacts of our continued efforts to reduce commercial real estate exposure, the weak economy overall and ongoing net charge-offs. Fee income performance will remain slightly remained mixed and expenses well controlled. Let me use slide 35 to review key messages that I hope come through from our products. First, everything we are doing, all of our actions and decisions are focused on returning Huntington to profitable performance as soon as possible. I know everyone will like me to give a timetable, but I am just not feeling I am in a position to do that at this point. The fact is, there are just too many uncertainties regarding the economy. But I can tell you that only when the credit picture brightens will it happen, and that's a two-part equation. The first part is the economy. That's the part of the key equation we can't control. Therefore, I think the most prudent course of action is to prepare for a challenged environment. The second part of the equation, which the department can control, is making sure we continue to aggressively identify and address credit issues. This could mean more gain before we see the peak. But we'll in the near term and certainly for the long term be better  we will be better off for it. The very good news is that we now have sufficient capital to weather stress the economic scenario. And remember, the net charge-offs this quarter were elevated, and were still below the two-year cumulative loss rates assumed in our internal stress test analysis. So, the credit quality performance you saw in third quarter in part was more one of timing and not a shift in our overall view. Also, our liquidity positions remain very strong. And as we think about future, we continue to stress that our management team and depth of expertise at all levels. The development of our strategic plan is well underway and while it won't be officially highlighted until later this year, the exercise is already impacting decisions as we continue our shift to playing offense. This past quarter, playing offense has been the most evident in three areas. First, our (inaudible) improvement reflecting improved loan and deposit pricing decisions. Second, core deposit growth. And third, the World Bank transaction. As I said at the beginning, I am greatly encouraged by our progress to date. There is still much to do, we're getting stronger everyday. We are getting stronger everyday, thanks for your interest in Huntington. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your first question is from the line of Matthew O'Connor with Deutsche Bank.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Good afternoon.
Steve Steinour: Hey, Matt.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: First question is, last quarter you deep dived into commercial real estate and C&I to some extent, and I think we had some acceleration of losses related to that. This quarter there is a change in the timing of recognizing losses and resi mortgage. Are there any other things like this that you can see coming down the road in terms of how you deal with the losses or deep dives, and things like that?
Steve Steinour: Well, Matt, we are continuing to be concerned about commercial real estate. We talked about that when we did the fourth quarter April announcement. We think that's the challenge, certainly for the years, and I think most people would say it's going to be a challenge into 2010, and we believe that's the case. Although a quarter doesn't make a trend, we were pleased with what we saw on the commercial and business banking book. We decided to take some action on the resi mortgage book, which we think was prudent to do. There's nothing that we're working on at this point regarding a change in charge-offs to answer your question, a change in charge-off policy on any of the portfolios.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay. So, maybe, going from here on, it will be just kind of your more normal, abnormal run rate level of losses as opposed to maybe some of these chunky things?
Tim Barber: Matt, this is Tim. I'd add a couple of comments particularly on the residential side. We've been looking at ways to move some of the risk in the residential portfolio for quite a while. We think that we found an opportunity where the execution made sense to us, and so we took advantage of that and that's part of the chunkiness, as you call it, in the third quarter results. So, that wasn't planned, that was a case of taking advantage of an opportunity that presented itself. So, as Steve said, we don't have any other macro changes in charge off policy on the horizon.
Steve Steinour: We did sell a couple of small commercial portfolios as well that were  I'd characterize this is sort of testing the market and understanding if we think there's an opportunity that makes sense, then we proceeded. We're not trying to signal an intent to sell large boxes [ph] of nonperforming or near nonperforming. On the other hand, we're looking at all options. So just, we'll continue to do that.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then just unrelated question for Don, you had mentioned some liability actions that made this capital were being explored. I assume this relates to potentially buying back some debt. How meaningful could that be from an earnings capital point of view? And I assume there'd be no impact on shares from all those stuff that you're talking about, right?
Don Kimble: We would not plan on issuing shares in connection with any type of liability management, and as we get some additional detail, we'll make sure that we announce that. I would not view it as significant as far as an overall impact from any type of liability management.
Matthew O'Connor  Deutsche Bank: Okay, thank you very much.
Tim Barber: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Zerbe with Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley: Thanks. When you look at your commercial real estate portfolio and I am just speaking specifically about non-construction CRE, what is it that you guys did in terms of your historical lending practices or how you underwrote the loans that is leading to this higher level of losses? I guess I'm just trying to reconcile again the non-construction series losses that you guys are having versus a lot of the other banks where we really haven't seen much in terms of ultimate losses, but we expect to in the future, and trying to understand if you can get through the hump a little bit quicker than they can?
Tim Barber: Ken this is Tim. I would say is that in answer to your question, we were a relatively conservative underwriter in commercial real estate. Much of the activity has supportive guarantor/sponsors. And so the difference that you note between Huntington and the industry I think is more timing. And so you sort of alluded to that yourself that you expect to see the non-construction real estate losses increase at other banks, I do too.
Steve Steinour: Ken, just to follow-up, we did a lot of portfolio review activity on single family and retail first quarter. We picked up the rest of the book CRE and C&I in the second quarter but we shared with you collectively that, that wasn't a one-time exercise. Anything that we identified that was of concern, we want to continue with a very active portfolio review process, and we have done that on a monthly basis, and those activities that we started after that second quarter review are in addition to the monthly review that we began in February of criticized assets. So there is just enormous intense effort to identify and address issues within the commercial and commercial real estate portfolios. And the CRE [ph] book, I don't know, I can't think of any developer, (inaudible) executive or otherwise I've talked to, or that any of us to have reported back on that suggests its passed over [ph] or getting better. So, we're trying to be very realistic in our assumptions, it's not getting better, therefore getting after it now is in fact the appropriate thing to do on multiple fronts, including mitigating loss by taking reasonably aggressive actions at this stage.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley: Okay. All right. The other question I had was just in terms of bringing on; I guess the early stage delinquent commercial loans on to NPL sooner. I understand that working with the borrowers from an earlier point in time before they become completely delinquent mix it help reduce severity in the long-term. But does it matter if you bring them on NPA now or if you're just working with them while they're still performing? I guess, why the distinction of bringing on the increasing your NPAs because with only a 30 days delinquent?
Steve Steinour: We're probably not as sensitive to that as perhaps some others, one. Two, the regs [ph] require that if you don't expect to receive repayment of principal and interest, that you may get determination, if you don't expect to you've made a determination as to collectability, and it should go non-accrual. And the intensiveness of our reviews, cumulative reviews, are getting us to a position, again, going back to your earlier question, maybe a little sooner than some others are. It is hard to speculate what others are doing when we don't know their books, but we're calling it as we see it, and we're trying to be conservative.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Davis with FTN Equity.
Steve Steinour: Hi.
Don Kimble: Hi Jeff.
Jeff Davis  FTN Equity: Hi. Don, the capital that you just raised through the common raise, is that still sitting at the parent company, or it has been down streamed to the subsidiary bank, and then s an aside how much cash is the parent company sitting on today?
Don Kimble: Yes, the $587 million is still sitting at the parent company. We did, during the third quarter, inject additional common equity down into the bank of about $250 million from previous equity issuances. And, as far as the cash position of the bank, I know it's north of a billion and a half dollars, but I don't know the number off the top of my head right now, but it's significant as far as the cash position.
Jeff Davis  FTN Equity: Okay, that is the sign. And Steve, for you, related to this, in your contacts around the industry, is there a notable difference between the OCC and the state regulators or state chartered banks in terms of calling on the parent companies to inject capital into the subs?
Steve Steinour: You're asking me to really speculate. I don't know a lot of that at the state level. Historically, my experience is having been at a state level and also with the OCC would suggest, and I think we're state level at seven or eight banks  seven or eight states, which suggests there's a marked difference, but I dont  it would be speculation to suggest that at the moment on my part.
Jeff Davis  FTN Equity: That's fine. The only reason I ask is it seems to be a little bit more prevalent at OCC banks. That's fine. Thank you.
Steve Steinour: Thanks, Jeff.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ken Usdin with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good afternoon.
Steve Steinour: Hi, Ken.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just two questions for you, Don. First of all, Steve, can you talk about not expecting change in the economy in the near term, but I was just wondering how do you think your footprint would act relative to this broader economic recovery across the country, and what are you not seeing, I guess, that you would like to start seeing as far as starting to see some glimmers of hope?
Steve Steinour: There's almost a tale of two worlds, Ken. You know, if you are in West Michigan, you have a much different outlook than East Michigan. You got parts of East Michigan with mid-20s unemployment. Toledo, where are number one, so I think a 15% unemployment rate. This auto zone in East Michigan, Northwest Ohio, parts of Indianapolis it's very tough there. Now, contrast that with West Michigan, Columbus, and Indianapolis, you know you're like national averages. And there are activities going on in the markets that are much more encouraging, and I think they'll come back faster than, again, some of the auto zone belts. So, I don't mean to duck your answer but it really depends on the geography. I think there are already actions that are suggesting some of these regions may be stabilizing, but as a whole I wouldn't suggest that's true for the Midwest yet.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. Okay. And then my second question relates to the investment portfolio, and you touched on this some, I believe, youve put a couple billion dollars back into the investment portfolio, and I am just wondering is that going to be kind of the strategy, and how are you balancing that against the kind of keeping capital on hand, so are we going to kind of continue to keeping capital on hand? So, are we going to kind of continue to see earning assets run flattish as you basically just plug the hole for a slower loan growth with investment purchases, and how do you expect that to layer out in advance of rates eventually going higher?
Steve Steinour: Sure. As far as the investment portfolio and overall earning assets, we think earning assets will really be driven by our deposit growth as opposed to any other aspect as to the asset side of the balance sheet. And, so, you probably will see a higher growth in investment securities going forward, because we just don't see the loan demand to really start to see any growth any time soon there. And as far as the portfolio itself, we'll probably continue to invest fairly short term in nature and use the proceeds in low risk, short-term securities so that it allows us to reposition as the interest rates would start to pick up and as the loan demand would start to pick up as well.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Right. You're see enough opportunities to keep buying in the market as opposed to just letting the deposit  letting high cost deposits or what's left for your brokered CDs kind of run down?
Steve Steinour: We do plan on actively managing wholesale and brokered, and we have repaid everything with both from a home loan bank without penalty at this point, and we are running off the other wholesale. We expect to increasingly have the total balance sheet deposit funded at levels the company hasn't had before.
Ken Usdin  Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got you. Going great. Thanks a lot.
Steve Steinour: Thank you.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
Steve Steinour: Okay. Well, if that's the case then, thank you very much for participating in the call. If you have follow-up questions, please be sure to give myself, Jay Gould or my associate, Tim Graham a call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-24 13:00:00) =====
Executives:   Jay Gould  Director of Investor Relations Stephen D. Steinour  Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer Donald R. Kimble  Chief Financial Officer, Senior Executive Vice President & Treasurer Tim Barber  Senior Vice President Credit Risk Management  Kevin M. Blakely  Senior Executive Vice President & Chief Risk Officer Nick Stanutz  Senior Executive Vice President of Auto Finance and Dealer Services Michael R. Cross  Executive Vice President and Senior Commercial Lending Officer
Analysts :  Matt OConner  Deutsche Bank Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus David Rochester  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs Greg Ketron  Citigroup Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer Andrew Marquardt  Fox-Pitt Kelton Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America Securities  
Jay Gould:  Im Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our website www.Huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about an hour from the close of the call. Please call the investor relations department at 614-480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings or playback or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides. Slides Two through Four note several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read this but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe its helpful to understanding Huntingtons results of operations or financial position. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used the comparable GAAP financial measures as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the slide presentation in its appendix in the press release and the quarterly financial review supplements of todays earnings press release or in the related Form 8K filed earlier today, all of which are on our website. Turning to Slide Five, todays discussion including the Q&A period may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to changes, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements and for a complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties, please refer to this Slide and materials filed with the SEC including our most recent Forms 10K, 10Q and 8K filings. Now, turning to todays presentation on Slide Six. Participating today are Steve Steinour, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Don Kimble, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Tim Barber, Senior Vice President of Credit Risk Management. Also present for the Q&A session is Kevin Blakely, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Risk Officer; Nick Stanutz, Senior Executive Vice President of Auto Finance and Dealer Services; and Mike Cross, Executive Vice President and Senior Commercial Lending Officer.  Lets get started. Turning it to you Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour : First, a word of introduction is in order. Im very pleased to introduce Kevin Blakely to you. He just joined us earlier this month. Many of you will recall him from his days at Key Corp. Hes a pioneer in developing enterprise wide risk management and as we position Huntington for long term performance his leadership will be very impactful. So welcome Kevin. In the past six months weve made tremendous progress in positioning Huntington for improved long term performance. To recap, weve moved with a heightened sense of energy and urgency on a number of key issues, increasing liquidity, successfully launching and completing a major expense initiative, restructuring Franklin, understanding and addressing issues within our loan portfolios, strengthening our capital, restructuring the organization and expanding our management team.  There is much work to do yet looking back Im pleased with how far weve come in such a short period of time. Given the challenging environment were enduring some short term pain to get ourselves where we want to be. But, Im confident of where we are headed. We are positioning Huntington for success in the foreseeable future.  Ill begin with a review of our second quarter performance highlights, Don will follow with the details and review of our financial performance, Tim will provide an update on credit, Ill then return with some 2009 outlook comments, what I hope our investors take away from second quarter performance and our priorities for the second half. Lets begin the presentation turning to Slide 8 please. We reported a net loss of $125 million or $0.40 per common share. The primary driver of the loss was the provision for loan losses that increased $121.9 million from the first quarter. Now, $79 million of this increase boosted our allowance for credit losses. Contributing to this increase was a much more detailed commercial loan portfolio review that well talk about in more detail in a moment. Pre-tax pre-provision earnings were $229 million, up $4.7 million or 2% from the first quarter. So, we are continuing to make progress. This reflected a number of very positive trends and underlying performance drivers. For example, our net interest margin expanded 13 basis points to 3.10% and core deposits grew at an annualized 17% rate while average loans declined at an 18% annualized rate. This reflected planned efforts to reduce our commercial real estate loan exposure as well as the full impact of the first quarters $1 billion automobile loan securitization and a small $200 million residential mortgage portfolio sale.  Make no mistake, were still making loans. We originated or renewed $4.1 billion of loans during the quarter, $1.9 billion of commercial and $2.2 of consumer. Fee income performance was mixed. We kept tight control of our expenses and as I noted in our earnings press release, I think the lead story for Huntington was the actions we took to significantly strengthen our balance sheet, capital, liquidity and reserves. Regarding capital we took actions that added just under $705 million to common equity. This was a multipronged strategy including discretionary equity issuances, conversion of preferred stock, a common stock offering and a gain on the cash tender offering of certain trust preferred securities as well as a gain related to our Visa stock. In some cases our action led the industry. We were particularly pleased with the efficiency of our common stock offering. Don will review the details but weve issued 55% more shares than the end of the year, 55% more shares since the end of last year yet our tangible book value dilution related to these actions was only 3%. We have and will continue to be cognoscente of shareholder value and minimizing the dilutive impact of our capital plans. Reflecting our actions, all our period end capital ratios saw significant improvement. For example, our tangible common equity increased to 5.68%, up 103 basis points and our tier I common risk based capital ratio increased to 6.8%, up 116 basis points.  Turning to Slide Nine another achievement would strengthen liquidity; during the first half of the year we strengthened our balance sheet liquidity as our available cash increased $1.3 billion and our unpledged securities portfolio increased by $1.8 billion. On top of this we had capacity to borrow $8 billion from the Home Loan Bank and Federal Reserve. The most important liquidity improvement however was our 17% annualized growth in core deposits. Reflecting the combination of lower loans and deposit growth, our period end loan to deposit ratio was 98%, down from 101% at the end of the first quarter and 108% from a year ago. Growing core deposit balances as well as households and businesses are priorities and we are making very good progress.  When I arrived in January, overall the highest and immediate priority was having a full understanding of whats in our loan portfolio and to make certain our loans are accurately risk rated during a period of significant economic turbulence and change. In the fourth quarter of last year we addressed the valuation of our Franklin relationship then in the first quarter we successfully restructured it. The specific aim was to take control of the underlying assets at Franklin so that we, among other things, could improve collections. Im pleased to report that Franklin cash collections in the second quarter were 13% higher than in the first quarter. At the end of the first quarter we had $574 million of Franklin related mortgages and REO. At the end of the second quarter this totaled $516 million, a 10% decline. In case you were wondering we had no Franklin related net charge offs or further impairments.  In the first quarter we also completed a concentrated review of single family home builder and retail commercial real estate portfolios, our two highest risk commercial real estate segments. This past quarter we turned our attention to every non-criticized, every past rated C&I and commercial real estate loan relationship with an aggregate exposure over $500,000. This review encompassed over 5,000 accounts representing $13 billion in balances or 59% of the outstandings. The depth and breadth of the review as well as ongoing business segment review processes now put in place are covered in detail in our earnings release so I encourage you to take time to read it. It was an exhaustive exercise and should give you the same level of comfort that we have based on the efforts. Whats important for you to know is that this work was helpful in assessing existing and emerging credit issues in this challenging economy. We are now well positioned to proactively mitigate risk going forward. We expect our commercial loan portfolio will remain under pressure as we continue to believe the economy will remain weak for the rest of the year. But, everything weve seen and learned helps us remain confident that the risks of our commercial loan portfolios are manageable. On the consumer side, performance reflected the continued pressure from the difficult economic environment as well. Though net charge offs increased, this was in line with our expectation. We continue to believe our consumer loan portfolio will show better relative performance throughout the cycle.  Overall, here are the numbers: $413.7 million of provision expense, up $121.9 million from the first quarter and $79 million higher than net charge offs; a 3.43% annualized net charge off rate, up nine basis points from the first quarter; 4.72% non-accrual loan ratio, up 79 bips from the first quarter; a 13% linked quarter increase in non-performing assets; and a period end allowance for credit losses of 2.51%, up 27 basis points. Given the extensive review of our commercial portfolio which we announced at the end of the first quarter and completed this past quarter and an economy that continues to weaken, these results were not unexpected by us. Its important to note that this quarters performance was consistent with the early stages of the two year cumulative loss assumption used in our loan portfolio stress test analysis announced on May 20th. In other words, this quarters credit performance has not changed the results of the two year stress test result book capital implications at all. Lastly, we launched our three year strategic planning effort. This discipline is foundational to developing strategies and clear game plan needed to grow over the long term. Many of you have asked me where we want to take Huntington, what will define us for the long term as a bank and as an investment, in short what you should expect. At this point were just completing our discovery phase, the phase that evaluates our situation and opportunities. So far, I like very much what Ive heard and seen. I think we have a lot of untapped opportunities. We certainly have significant aspirations within the executive management team. This process is targeted to be completed in the fourth quarter and will begin implementation upon completion. Let me turn the presentation now over to Don to review the financial performance.
Donald R. Kimble : Turning to Slide 10, we provide a summary of the earnings for the quarter. Our reported net loss for the quarter was $125.1 million or $0.40 per common share. However, the quarter included several significant items as detailed below. First, the $67.4 million or $0.10 per share gain resulting from the tender offer for some of our trust preferred securities. We were able to redeem $166 million of these securities or about 35%. Second, $31.4 million or $0.04 per share gain related to Visa stock as we sold our remaining interest in Visa shares during the quarter.  Third, $0.06 per share negative impact from the preferred stock conversion that occurred during the quarter. This negative impact reflected the value of the additional common shares issued to induce conversion. Fourth, $23.6 million or $0.03 per share charge related to the special assessment from the FDIC. Finally, a $4.2 million or $0.01 per share goodwill impairment charge related to the [inaudible] sale of a small payments business.  Slide 11 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trends. Many of these trends will be reviewed later so lets move on. On Slide 12, we provide an overview of our pre-tax pre-provision performance metric. We believe this metric is useful in assessing the underlying operating performance. We calculate this metric by starting with pre-tax earnings than excluding three items: provision for credit losses; securities gains and loans; and amortization of intangibles.  Then we also adjust for certain significant items. This quarter we adjusted for the items as detailed on Slide 10. On this basis, our pre-tax pre-provision income for the second quarter was $229.3 million, up $4.7 million or 2% from the last quarter. This increase was on top of the 13% increase realized in the first quarter. This improvement clearly reflected the managements actions taken during the first half of the year and we continue to look for additional actions to improve our core operating performance. Slide 13 provides a trend of our net interest income and our net interest margin. During the second quarter our net interest income increased by $10 million reflecting 13 basis points improvement from net interest margin, a $1.1 billion decline in average earning assets. The margin improvement reflected the favorable impacts of our Franklin restructuring and improved deposit pricing partially offset by the negative impacts of actions taken to improve our on balance sheet liquidity position and the higher levels of non-performing assets. Continuing on to Slide 14, we show the link quarter loan and lease trends. Total commercial loans were down $.9 billion or 4% reflecting the impact of the Franklin restructuring, payoffs and charge offs over the last two quarters. The decline in the auto loan and lease balances reflected the impact from a $1 billion securitization completed late in the first quarter as well as continued run off of our auto lease portfolio.  One of the real highlights of the quarter was the growth in our core deposits. Not only did we grow total core deposits an annualized 17% rate but, the growth came from the demand deposit and money market category. Were continuing to emphasis the core deposit growth through our incentive programs and management goals. Were very pleased with the results to date.  Slide 16 shows the trends in our non-interest income categories. Of note, our service charges on deposit accounts reflected the normal seasonal increase, up 8% from the first quarter. Brokerage and insurance revenues also reflected seasonal trends as insurance income was down $3.7 million from the first quarter, mainly due to contingent fee income. Mortgage banking income declined $4.6 million in the first quarter which included a $4.3 million loan sale gain. Other income for the quarter reflected the $31 million gain related to our Visa stock. Turning to the next Slide, another highlight for the quarter was our expense management. Many expense categories continue to reflect initiatives implemented in the first quarter. Our personnel costs were down $4.2 million in the first quarter with the number of employees down 3% from the first quarter and down 9% from a year ago.  Outside data processing and other services increased $8.8 million primarily reflecting portfolio servicing fees now paid to Franklin for servicing the related residential mortgage and home equity portfolios. A reduction in other expense reflected the impact on the gain on the redemption of trust preferred securities partially offset by the special assessment from the FDIC as well as a $16.6 million increase in OREO costs. Youll recall from the first quarter [inaudible] also include the $2.6 billion goodwill impairment charge.  The three highest risk segments to our investment portfolio are shown on Slide 18: our Alt-A mortgage backed portfolio; our pool trust preferred securities; and our prime CMO segment. Over the last year we recognized over $200 million of impairments including $19.5 million this quarter. During the quarter we adopted new accounting standards which will prospectively allow us to recognize only the credit portion of a securities impairment and earnings for securities we do not intend to sell.  The impact of adopting these new standards was an increase in retained earnings of $4 million at the beginning of the second quarter for previously impaired securities where we do not have the intent to sell the securities. Weve excluded our Alt-A mortgage portfolio from this adoption. While the adoption of the new accounting standards for our Alt-A portfolio would have allowed us to increase retained earnings for the non-credit component of impairment weve previously recognized, it would have also limited our ability to opportunistically address these securities in the future.  The performance of the underlying securities of each of these segments continue to reflect the economic environment. Each of the securities in these segments is subject to a rigorous monthly review of projected cash flows as part of our impairment analysis. These reviews are supported with the analysis from independent third parties.  During the quarter we made significant progress in improving our capital position. These actions detailed on the next Slide resulted in 103 basis point improvement to our tangible common equity ratio to 5.68%. Another indication of our improved capital position is our 116 basis point improvement to our tier I common risk based capital ratio. All of our regulatory risk based capital ratios also improved significantly.  Slide 20 provides a summary of the capital ratios over the first six months of the year. In the second quarter we issued over 160 million shares of common resulting in an increase of almost $550 million after issuance costs. We also exchanged 16.5 million shares of common stock for our convertible and separately negotiated transactions increasing our tangible common equity by $92 million. We followed these issuances with a tender offer for our trust preferred securities and the sale of our Visa stock. These actions combined added over $700 million of common equity in the second quarter bringing the total to more than $1 billion for the first six months of the year. On May 20th we announced our plans to increase our tier I common equity by $675 million. Our actions to date have added $585 million of this $675 million target. One of the components of the $675 million plan was to be the regulatory capital lift from adopting the new account standards related to other than temporary impairments for investment securities. Using the March 31st balances, adoption of this accounting change for the portfolio would have increased our tier I common by approximately $100 million. This would not have increased tangible equity but it would have improved tier I capital. As noted earlier we decided not to adopt this accounting change for the Alt-A mortgage backed portfolio, the largest contributor to this potential impact. We are considering other options that could improve the overall risk profile of the investment portfolio and other asset categories, thereby reducing the risk weighted assets for the company. This reduction would have a similar impact to the overall capital ratios for the company while overall improving the risk profile. After implementing these steps related to improving the risk profile, we will have substantially completed the capital plan as announced on May 20th.  Our capital raising efforts have been opportunistic. We have tried to balance our objective improving the components of our capital with our desire to minimize the dilutive impact to our current shareholders. Slide 21 provides a comparison of our capital raising efforts to some of the regional banks that participated in the Federal Reserve stress test. As you can see at the top of the Slide, many of the regional banks issued significant levels of common stock to bolster their capital position ranging from 3% to PNC to 71% for Regions.  The bottom half of the Slide shows the impact tangible book value per share resulting from the capital initiatives. This analysis uses the March 31st pro forma balance sheet and adjusts for the capital actions completed. As shown, even though we issued 55% additional common shares to meet our capital targets, our tangible book value dilution was only 3.4%, better than most of the other regional banks. We were able to accomplish this during a time when our common stock price was trading well below our tangible book value. We believe this is just one indication of how were trying to address our capital plans opportunistically.  Let me turn the presentation over to Tim Barber for a review of credit trends. 
Tim Barber : Turning to Slide 22, on an absolute basis our total charge offs were lower in the second quarter than the first quarter. However, when factoring the Franklin impact on first quarter net charge offs, total non Franklin net charge offs were $131.3 million higher. 68% of the non Franklin increase was centered in the commercial real estate portfolio which increased $89.8 million, more than doubling the first quarter level as we continued to actively deal with project performance issues and declining real estate values. 59% of the commercial real estate net charge offs came from the two highest risk segments of the portfolio: single family home builders; and retail projects. Both of these segments continue to show stress as we work with the borrowers in resolving what are challenging credit issues.  For some additional color on the composition of the commercial real estate charge offs, $31 million of the total were associated with construction projects with the balance in income producing projects. The loss breakdown is consistent with our overall commercial real estate portfolio distribution between construction and income producing balances. It is important to note that we continue to believe that the work we did in the first quarter that sized the expected losses associated with these two portfolios remains in line with actual performance.  The remaining commercial real estate losses were spread across the portfolio from a project type standpoint as the economic conditions continued to be stressed. Multifamily, office and industrial warehouse are the next three project types that we are focused on in the commercial real estate segment. The increase in non Franklin C&I net charge offs was centered in the manufacturing industry and the higher risk C&I segment related to home building. We expect there will be continued weakness in the C&I portfolio as we obtain and analysis updated financial information throughout the year. One C&I segment that we continue to feel comfortable with despite the environment, are the C&I loans in our auto finance and dealer services segment. Despite the dealership closings and related stresses, we do not anticipate any material dealer floor plan losses in the portfolio. Our dealer selection criteria and focus on high quality, multi dealership groups have proven itself in this environment.  Turning to consumer loans, we continue to have positive performance in the indirect automobile loan and lease portfolio on a link quarter comparison. Home equity and residential mortgage portfolio net charge offs both increased from prior quarter levels however, the increase reflected an end to our foreclosure moratorium and very active loss mitigation efforts more than a declining asset quality outlook. Our loss mitigation activity clearly accelerated net charge offs, it is also the right thing to do for both Huntington and our customers. Our early stage delinquency rates are the best indicator of future loss trends. Excluding the Franklin loans, our home equity and indirect auto early stage delinquency rates were lower indicating future improvement. Despite the increase in losses, we were generally pleased with the results across our consumer portfolio during the quarter. Slide 23 represents the net charge off ratios associated with our portfolios. It is worth noting that while automobile loan link quarter net charge offs declined on an absolute basis, the related ratio increased to 1.73% from 1.56%. This reflected the decline in average balances due to the $1 billion automobile loan securitization completed late in the first quarter. A $58 million increase in C&I non-accruals reflected the impact of the economic conditions in our markets and were not concentrated in any specific region or industry.  In general, those C&I loans supporting the housing or construction segment and loans associated with the auto industry are experiencing the most stress. Importantly, less than 10% of the C&I portfolio is associated with these segments. We have also seen some deterioration in the manufacturing industry segment but believe this is more borrower centric than more broadly industry related.  The $221 million increase in commercial real estate non-accruals reflected the continued decline in the housing market and stress on retail sales. The single family home builder and retail segments again accounted for the bulk of the increase. There was one $20 million multifamily project that comprised the bulk of the remaining increase. The decline in residential mortgage and home equity non-accruals reflected expected results based on the charge off levels and loss mitigation strategies. It is important to note that 23% of the total non-accruing loans are C&I and commercial real estate loans that are current from a payment standpoint. When considering only the C&I and commercial real estate non-accruing balances, nearly one third are current. This is a quantitative representation of how active we have been in the accrual treatment decisions particularly in the commercial real estate portfolio. On the other real estate owned front there was a significant decline in the quarter as we actively marketed and sold our OREO properties including OREO generated from the acquired Franklin portfolio. Slide 25 provides a summary of some key asset quality trends. Given the restructuring of the Franklin relationship, we now focus on the reported trends only. The non-accruing loan ratio increased to 4.72% as a result of the changes detailed on the previous Slide with the combined non-performing asset ratio of 5.18%. Charge offs also increased in the quarter to 3.43%. The increase in the non-accruing loans and net charge off ratios are connected as a number of loans that moved in to the non-accrual status had write downs associated with the FAS 114 impairment analysis, more on this in a future slide. The active impairment assessment is tangible evidence of the enhanced portfolio management practices discussed by Steve and noted in prior slides. Another tangible result was the reduction of our commercial accruing 90 day and over delinquencies to zero for the second consecutive quarter compared to $70 million as of December 31, 2008. Our allowance for credit loss ratio of 2.51% represents a significant increase from the 2.24% reported in the prior period. While the resulting coverage ratios have declined slightly, they represent an appropriate level of reserves for our remaining risk in the portfolio.  In particular, we believe that the allowance for credit loss to non-accruing loan ratio of 53% is not representative of the actual risk in the portfolio. As we continue to increase our disclosure around the non-performing asset balances, Slide 26 shows the allowance for credit loss coverage ratios for both non-accruing loans and non-performing assets as reported this quarter. The middle portion of this Slide provides the detail around two components of the non-accruing loan balance that we have no reserves assigned. For the commercial impaired line item, this is a result of a FAS 114 impairment process completed each quarter. The $410 million balance represents the net recoverable balance based on our most recent, as of June 30th test. The prior charge offs column represents a cumulative level of charge offs taken on the noted balances. Within the 34% loss severity ratio there were clear variations based on loan type and collateral. Based on the impairment designation and current valuation, no reserves are assigned.  For the Franklin non-accruing loan item the write down process has been well documented and we do not expect any additional charge offs. Remember, these were transferred on to our balance sheet at current market values as of March 31st. Again, there are no reserves assigned to these balances. Eliminating these appropriately valued and non-reserved balances materially increases the respective non-accruing loan and non-performing asset coverage ratios to 91% and 77% respectively. Since we believe that the coverage ratios are used to gage coverage of potential future losses and as both segments have already been written down to recoverable value, not including these balances provides a more accurate picture of the allowance for credit loss level for Huntington relative to non-performing assets.  Slide 27 provides a reconciliation of the quarterly change in the non-performing asset balances. You can see the significantly higher charge off activity in the past two quarters than in prior periods. The other significant item is the increasing amount of new additions. While we have been substantially more active in the identification of non-accruals in the past two quarters, the increase also reflects the economic stress our borrowers are experiencing.  Of the $750 million of additions, 90% came from the commercial real estate and C&I portfolios with an average write down of 12% at the time they went to non-accrual status. In addition, we have over $100 million in reserves attributed to the balances. From a payment standpoint, over $200 million of the additions were current as of June 30th. The $41 million of loans returned to accrual is also worth noting as we continue to actively review our portfolio to ensure the appropriate accrual treatment.  Slide 28 provides a trend of our commercial asset quality portfolio distribution as measured by our internal probability of default risk rating methodology. As Steven mentioned, during the second quarter we actively reviewed over $17 billion in commitments associated with non-criticized loans. The Slide shows the relative consistency in the risk rating distribution over the prior three quarters and the significant changes as a result of the portfolio review.  We present this information to assure you that there was a meaningful impact from a risk identification standpoint. The results provide us with a significantly improved view of future risks in the portfolio based on a thorough and current review of each borrower in the portfolio. While the distribution shift is significant, it was based on a conservative outlook for our markets and is not necessarily a predictor of heightened future credit issues.  The increase clarity regarding the risk in our portfolio is also important given our reorganization around business segments. Each segment has developed an approach to maintain this level of clarity in the future and is committed to reducing the level of future negative migration via more active portfolio management. The requirement of action plans, even for non-criticized rated borrowers, monthly financial reviews and active collateral assessments are examples of tangible portfolio management improvements. We intend to manage the portfolio along these segments in the future.  As we continue to provide clarity on the direction of our portfolio, Slides 29 and 30 provide a reconciliation of changes from the prior quarter. On Slide 29 you can see the material decline in the C&I portfolio associated with the net payoffs take down line. This was centered in expected declines in the floor plan balances as inventory has declined across virtually all dealerships and general payoffs and line reductions as businesses actively manage their balance sheets. Also, please note that the origination amount shown on this Slide and the next exclude renewals and new unfunded commitments. As such, they are less than the earlier quoted commercial loan originated and renewed loan activity amount.  On Slide 30, the majority of the commercial real estate decline is reflected charge off to date but we are actively moving in the direction of lower exposures in the commercial real estate portfolio. Slide 31 shows the changes in our consumer delinquency buckets over time excluding Franklin and Ginnie Mae guaranteed balances. We have broken this slide down by product to provide additional clarity regarding our performance.  Both the home equity and auto portfolios declined in both the 30 and 90 day delinquency category indicating positive future trends. The residential delinquencies are higher with the significant increase evident in the first quarter partially a function of a sale of performing loans during that quarter. Overall, we remain comfortable with the expected performance of our consumer portfolio.  Slide 32 updates the quarterly collection results from the Franklin portfolio. You can see the material impact our refinancing efforts and OREO sales focus have had over the past six months. The second quarter results were consistent with our expectations as many of the work rules and strategies that we were able to employ as a result of the restructure began to show results in the second quarter.  That concludes the credit comments. Let me turn the presentation back to Steve for wrap up.
Stephen D. Steinour : As we shared with you before, we intend and are working hard to increase our disclosures making sure you get a full, fair and complete level of information from us and were pleased to have a number of new slides in the deck in this quarter that were just reviewed. Let me share with you some thoughts about 2009 performance. First, as weve said since January, we dont believe there will be any significant economic turnaround this year in our markets. We continue to believe we have a good understanding of the risks in the consumer loan portfolios and that those portfolios of loans will perform better on a relative basis throughout this cycle than peers and other portfolios. Now, with all that weve learned through and certainly the results of our second quarter commercial portfolio review, we think we have a very current view of how our borrowers are performing, what their challenges are and frankly, there are a number that are performing very well. Given our economic view however, we anticipate continued net charge off levels and provision expense that will remain elevated but at a manageable level.  We also expect net interest margin will be flat to slightly improving from our second quarter 3.10% level and we expect to continue to build our core deposit growth success. Loans on the other hand are expected to decline modestly for a couple of reasons: first, were planning to reduce our commercial real estate portfolio and were taking a number of actions to do that; second, the impact of the weak economy, there is actually less loan demand in aggregate out there I believe; and third, there will be charge offs that will be greater than prior years.  Fee income is expected to be mixed. Second half mortgage banking income is expected to be low for the first half given the rate environment. In contrast however, deposit service charges and some other fee income lines including our broker dealer line are expected to return to seasonally higher levels. Last, we continue to control expenses.  Let me ask you to turn to Slide 34 for a couple of key messages. First, were seeing good measured improvement in our pre-tax pre-provision performance. Our focus on growing core deposits is paying off and our loan and deposit pricing discipline is increasingly gaining traction within the company. There are opportunities to grow fee income and were pursuing them and we will remain focused on controlling expenses. All these actions are intended to set the stage for improved performance as the cycle turns.  Next, and Im especially pleased with this, is that we have now have a much improved understanding of the risk in the total loan portfolio and we continue to believe any challenges we have will be manageable. Capital position has been improved, we believe its adequate. We have a little left to do from our target announced in May and believe that will be accomplished this quarter. Our liquidity position has never been stronger and our strategic planned developments highlighting some exciting opportunities for improving our longer term conformance. The last slide Im going to reference is Slide 35, its the second half objectives of the management team, executive time. Ill cover four of them, we believe we can continue to grow pre-tax pre-provision income from the first half of the year. We will continue to grow core deposits. Our third goal is to complete this three year strategic plan and begin its implementation. We want to start taking action, in fact, we will start taking action in some regard once we reach decisions which will be as soon as August in some areas. With all that change, we think we need a health check with our colleagues, with our employees. We will be doing a survey, we will then make that survey findings actionable early in 2010. But, weve got a lot of energy in the company, a lot of excitement, a lot of progress has been made and will continue to be made. That concludes the report. Thank you for your interest in Huntington. Were going to now open for questions. Operator, if you could help us in that regard. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Matt OConner  Deutsche Bank.
Matt OConner  Deutsche Bank: As we look at the charge off level for the second quarter, is this the new kind of run rate to grow off from here or was there some upfronting of the commercial real estate losses as part of the revenue that you did this quarter?
Stephen D. Steinour : Matt, were in one of these moments in the credit cycle where its very difficult for us to project. I would tell you were recognizing losses earlier than we had been. Theres always a continuum of when you can take loss. Having said that, I dont know how material that would be second quarter to first. But, well continue to address issues as we see them arise and move forward.
Matt OConner  Deutsche Bank: Just in general, you guys seem to be one of the few banks out there looking more closely at C&I and some of the income producing commercial real estate. Is it that youre trying to get ahead of the curve, you think your mix might be a little bit worse, are others just behind? Im trying to reconcile it to folks out there saying there wont really be issues in C&I and CRE and dont seem to be reserving or charging off any of that stuff?
Stephen D. Steinour : I dont really know what our competition has in their books Matt. Its hard to make a relative comment. As weve shared with you and others earlier, were really trying to get the entire left hand side of the sheet and thats in part what Don referenced by looking at the Alt-As. We want a clean sheet as much as we can this year and so everything has been looked at or is being looked at, wholly every asset on the sheet is being looked at or has been looked at. 
Matt OConner  Deutsche Bank: Then just lastly, as I look at the loan loss reserves they were below the annualized charge offs this quarter obviously, well below the non-performers. Should we expect more reserve build going forward relative to charge offs?
Stephen D. Steinour : Well, we tried to break this out a little bit. We took a mark-to-market on Franklin when we moved it in and thats 20% of our non-performing loans or thereabouts. So, were trying to do a more apples-to-apples comparison. Franklin unfortunately seems to be relatively unique to us. We certainly feel the reserves are adequate or wed have another number there. Directionally, with the economy worsening could we build reserves somewhat? Possibly, but we havent seen anything that concerns us in terms of big buckets of risk that have not already been reviewed and addressed to the extent that we see the inherent risk.
Matt OConner  Deutsche Bank: So at this point, just to be clear, youre not expecting the reserve build to increase from here? I think this quarter you added about $80 million and you would think that number would be less going forward?
Stephen D. Steinour : No, I wouldnt say that but I dont see us  were not thinking we need  you saw a couple of banks take some very large supplemental this past quarter, were not thinking about it in that context. Weve got a methodology, we think its working, well be sticking with it. We have a very intensive portfolio management process now for loans of all risk categories and that will help drive our reserves in a dynamic fashion but, were not thinking theres a onetime event that a couple of other banks chose to take. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus.
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: Just a question here, I guess are you seeing your recent inflection point where resi construction losses may begin to stabilize and the incremental losses in CRE will pretty much be limited to income property? Is that fair Tim?
Tim Barber : I think what weve tried to communicate is a distribution of losses between income producing and construction as well as provide some clarity around the composition of the portfolio. Obviously, the construction segment is a relatively small piece of the portfolio at this point. Talking about whether weve reached an inflection point, etc. is something that I dont think were prepared to do given whats happening in the economy and our markets today. So, were just trying to provide as much clarity as we can around what the portfolio looks like and where the loss experience has come from.
Stephen D. Steinour : Tony, were not trying to make this in to an exercise of frustration for you or others but we just want to be cautious about views. Its just been very dynamic. 
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: Tim, you would not I guess be in a position to give us a sense about maybe the dollar amount of criticized or classified loans in the income properties, CRE, over last the last quarter or two?
Tim Barber : I think that on the slide that we provide over the course of the entire portfolio, commercial real estate, just for reference it was Slide 28, commercial real estate as a whole certainly had a significant impact on that change. I dont have the specific breakdown between construction and income producing properties.
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: One final question, excluding Franklin it looks like you sold a modest amount of OREO in the quarter but loan sales seems to have picked up a bit here and I just wondered what your expectations are for asset sales over the course of the year?
Stephen D. Steinour : Tony, we just want to make sure we understand the question, in the first quarter we did a securitization of $1 billion  
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: Im talking about non-performers.
Stephen D. Steinour : On non-performers we havent done bulk sales in the second quarter. Its something we are thinking about for the second half of the year but those changes dont reflect bulk sales. 
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: One strategic question Steve for you, youve identified a roughly $100 million cost reduction effort and I just wondered where we are today on that?
Stephen D. Steinour : Well, when we identified it, we went after it and we got most pieces. What were finding nibbling against us now are higher OREO expense, higher NPA or problem asset collection expenses and then we did not have a view when we went after that what the change, the restructuring change with Franklin would mean to us. So, our numbers are particularly cloudy right now with the cost of servicing out of Franklin and then OREO, the cost of collection exercises coming out of the various business segments.
Operator:  Your next question comes from David Rochester  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey.
David Rochester  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Just going back to one of the earlier questions to maybe ask it another way, on the NPA analysis slides, Slides 25 and 26, is there a level in the back of your minds that your potentially managing to for a minimum reserve coverage to NPAs going forward?
Stephen D. Steinour : We dont think of it in that fashion Dave. Ive always thought a better ratio anyway was a coverage ratio to portfolio and then others will understand the quality of the portfolio. In Huntington we have a lot of confidence in the portfolio performance on the consumer so youve got 40% to 41% of the book that we believe we can fairly accurately peg even with rising unemployment.  The work in the first half was to try to start to build that same capability in the commercial portfolio so it is very significant to us to have completed this revenue in the second quarter because this portfolio management process Tim and I talked about is very robust and we will maintain it in a very disciplined way monthly going forward. So, it gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to mitigate risk because were seeing it now earlier. Where we have opportunities for collateral calls or other things theyre being made much more timely. I think the results of that will be reflected in future period numbers. 
David Rochester  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: One last one, on your outlook for the net interest margin, it seems like there is some real opportunity here for you to see more than just modest margin expansion going forward. Your cost of CDs is well over 3%, can you talk about your ability to reprice those lower over the next six to nine months and what current pricing is on that today?
Stephen D. Steinour : As we said on the first quarter, we try to be conservative with outlook on NIM because it has such a significant forward impact and so were trying to be cautious with this second quarter statement now. But, we do think we have a reasonable opportunity resetting that CD book and yet growing the core. We have not closed out what were intending to do in the second half yet but were very active in our discussions and well do that shortly. We dont give forward guidance, we opted out of that last year. Im reluctant to go much further but we would expect to make some progress on that CD book.
Operator:  Your next question comes Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley: My first question that I have, when you guys talk about your credit performance running in line with the stress test, are you talking, and to be very specific on that, are you saying that your credit performance is running in line with the adverse case stress test or is it better than what you would expect under the adverse case?
Tim Barber : The way were looking at it, we dont see the adverse case as a number that makes much sense in our portfolio. So, depending on what portfolio youre talking about operating either between the base case and the adverse case or in some cases actually below the base case scenario as we talked about some of our consumer portfolios.
Stephen D. Steinour : In aggregate we think of it as base case. 
Donald R. Kimble : Ken just to follow up on that, really when we came up with our capital plan in May, we were using our own internal stress analysis and were saying that our losses that we recognize here in the second quarter are in line with the early stages of that outlook as far as our internal analysis. Its not necessarily what you saw was the [inaudible] stress test loss levels.
Ken Zerbe  Morgan Stanley: The second question I had, just on your commercial loan review, should we view this I guess as sort of a catch up to current conditions like you just did a full review, you know where everything is today, you built the reserves to protect against today and then going forward because you have the new policies in place and procedures that as credit continues to deteriorate from here theres not going to be another catch up but were going to see the deterioration going through the provision and charge off line?
Stephen D. Steinour : I think the later is fair Ken. Again, with the mindset that the economy has flattened out and we dont think it will happen in the second half and we do except some further deterioration, we do believe we are now in a position to more actively manage and mitigate it than we had been.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs.
Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs: I guess first on Slide 32, how should we think about the collections trending down during the quarter versus your outlook for flat? What factors are giving you the confidence that the collections are stabilized? Then second, is there a rule of thumb, I realize the marks are pretty heavy right now but is there a monthly collections number that the current marks, a minimum collections number we should track the current marks correspond to?
Tim Barber : The first question, the April number clearly reflects the impact of some of the substantial refinance activity that occurred over the course of March and April. May and June are more base case months. We also believe that there are a number of strategies and programs that were working on relative to collection and recognition of value coming out of that portfolio both first and second that will continue to see benefits going forward. So, thats the basis for our comments regarding the current quarter and some look in the future on what we expect from Franklin. As far as is there a base case or an underlying cash flow assumption associated with to mark, the answer is yes. I dont think that is something that we have shared specifically and I cant give you a sort of base monthly number but, I can say that we expect collections going forward to be reasonably close to where weve seen them the first and second quarter. Again, it depends on a lot of our strategies and a lot of Franklins efforts but were comfortable with the direction of the portfolio certainly right now.
Donald R. Kimble : Keep in mind also as far as the pricing [inaudible] includes both reserve for the embedded expected future losses and those losses are based on the assumption that home prices continue to decline over the next couple of years at a fairly steep pace. The second portion of that discounted is related to the assumptions that the cash flows are just kind of at an 18% effective yield. Since most of those assets are non-performing we essentially have both of those reserves available to cover future credit losses associated with the projected cash flows on that as well.
Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs: If I could follow up on capital, given that you are not part of the [SCAB] assessment, the simulated stress test youve done and the capital adequacy youve benchmarked against that, have the regulators officially approved that? Are there any other metrics theyre holding you to? How should we think about to make sure the simulated stress test is a fair benchmark of what were working towards?
Stephen D. Steinour : Well, we hope you would view it as a fair benchmark, we worked quite a bit with your firm to do this, and others, to get market data since we were not a participant. We used that data with the participation from the firms and were confident from all that we can tell. We have not had it reviewed by regulators, they did not participate in our work, they havent subsequently reviewed it, its available to them as any information here is but theres no sort of scheduled review, theres no conversation pending, any of that stuff. I dont want to mislead anybody implying that theres some sort of regulatory stamp on this. This was our work.
Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs: I dont want to misconstrue the question, what I meant to say, the regulators have never kind of officially said what standard theyre holding the next tier of banks to. Is there any other standard, or is there any other conversations youre having with regulators that would lead us to believe there is a different metric or is your kind of understanding based on your interaction with them that the stress test simulation is the right way to think about capital for banks in the $20 to $100 billion of first weighted asset range?
Stephen D. Steinour : Weve had no conversation that would suggest theres any other approach or formula or for that matter even initiative to take the [SCAB] test to another level for the next tier banks. I would tell you, my sense of it however is that its been a valuable exercise at least for us. Having the benefit of sort of second hand knowledge about how other banks were treated and viewed with loss rates helped us provide bands that we might not have otherwise been able to achieve independently. So at least for us we found it valuable.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Greg Ketron  Citigroup.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup: Just a couple, one on early stage delinquency trends, I know in your presentation you had commented on the residential side and I apologize if you offered this earlier but any views or any information you can provide in terms of whats happening on the C&I and the commercial real estate side? Or, maybe any color on whats happening with the classified or criticized loan watch list?
Tim Barber : On the early stage delinquency in C&I and CRE we were up marginally as of the second quarter compared to the first but down certainly significantly compared to 12/31/08 so the longer term trend is positive in the commercial real estate world. Im not sure I understood exactly the question you were asking related to the criticized classified number.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup: Just trends that you might be seeing there to the degree that you can discuss them?
Tim Barber : I guess I would point you directly back to Slide 28 and that is as much disclosure as I think we can give or have ever given on whats happening. That shows the material move associated with the [inaudible] and 10 plus classified categories in the portfolio in the second quarter. 
Greg Ketron  Citigroup: Then on page 27, just looking at some of the flows through the non-performing assets area, it looks like one, 90% of your charge offs are arising from NPLN flows. Is that right?
Stephen D. Steinour : That would not be a fair conclusion. Just the workout process, there are at least a couple of meetings around which an initial resolution discussion is going to be had or an alternative such as resorting to remedies will occur then that will take some time. Theres also typically an updating of valuation that well take to try and make sure were as accurate as possible at the point of charge offs. So, much of that charge off would be reflective of prior period non-performing loans.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup: Dont draw the conclusion of looking at the inflows and assuming the charge offs came through the inflows?
Stephen D. Steinour : Thats correct.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup: Because I noticed the charge off level had increased the 40% but then what youre saying is part of that 40% is coming from the existing NPLN inventory versus just on the inflows?
Stephen D. Steinour : Correct. If you peel that NPLN number back, deduct Franklin from it and then take your beginning period not end of period that will give you a better sense of risk in the portfolio.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer.
Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer: Just getting back to the credit portfolio review in the quarter, was a majority of the losses or deterioration that was identified in kind of northern Ohio, southeast Michigan which is where the commercial losses have occurred for Huntington over the last couple of quarters or did it better reflect a majority of where Huntington operates in terms of the franchise? 
Tim Barber : The exercise was clearly across the entire franchise and we saw changes as a result of the exercise in all of our markets. There was not a specific concentration in southeast Michigan or northwest Ohio. In many cases southeast Michigan, the Detroit area, weve been through that portfolio so many times and the economic conditions have been so materially different than the rest of the portfolio that weve gotten a lot of that out of the way. In many cases, the results of the review were positive in that market. Our bankers are absolutely on top of the borrowers that remain in the portfolio and were continuing to serve. So, I would say that it was a broad based review and the results were also broad based. 
Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer:  Then just one other question, when I hear three year strategic plan I also think onetime charge or some sort of expense. Is that something we should look for in the fourth quarter? And, how do you potentially weigh a charge up against the capital youve raised and maybe some of the embedded losses or future losses that well see over the coming quarter?
Stephen D. Steinour : Were not expecting and did not intend to imply any charge let alone material charge related to the strategic plans here.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Andrew Marquardt  Fox-Pitt Kelton.
Andrew Marquardt  Fox-Pitt Kelton: Just circling back on the capital, the stress test analysis that you had done before, can you help reconcile  I understood your point about net charge offs youre tracking with sort of your base case scenario but can you maybe give some color on the reserve coverage level? One of the things that I think stood out in the stress test analysis that you had done was your assumption of just over 1% reserve coverage versus 2.5% now. 
Donald R. Kimble : As far as that, our model was just to say that at the end of the two year time period after absorbing the level of losses were include in that stress test so the reserve level could come down to more the historic level of reserves. So, essentially in this case since our reserve levels are higher than that if you would follow the stress test model that at some point during the two year time period that would start to migrate down as the migration would slow and the realization for those losses would occur. 
Andrew Marquardt  Fox-Pitt Kelton: So a potential releasing of reserves or bleeding of coverage seems fair over two years?
Stephen D. Steinour : Well not release, it would be utilization of reserves and again, its our understanding this is consistent with the way that the [19] modeled it as well.
Andrew Marquardt  Fox-Pitt Kelton: Were they also kind of thinking about individuals kind of historical kind of coverage which is how I think you came up with this kind of 1%, 1.2% coverage that you were using?
Stephen D. Steinour : Its our understanding that they did have a historical view and certainly the asset mix played a big part in that view. Some of them have materially different mixes today than they had at one point a couple of years ago back to that norm period.
Andrew Marquardt  Fox-Pitt Kelton: Maybe I missed it but can you give a little color on the retail CRE losses this quarter? Was that a bit of a pull forward? Losses look like they were almost double over 9% versus 5% last quarter.
Tim Barber : In that portfolio Andrew we continue to look at it. Thats a portfolio, as an example, where there can be changes in value over time and we are working through those. I think this quarter was an appropriate set of actions associated with what we ended up with. I dont think that theres any additional way of describing the 9% number for retail.
Andrew Marquardt  Fox-Pitt Kelton: So its not like there was an unusual kind of catch up war being aggressive in realizing losses?
Stephen D. Steinour : No, I think nothing extraordinary. I know were trying to take losses at an earlier stage rather than liquidate the collateral and then take the loss by way of comparison. We intend to be very active in managing the portfolio and recognizing risk. We are more forward leaning in that regard than the bank would have been say last year. The other element to think about is you generally have your worst credits emerge earlier in the cycle and as you age in to the cycle you tend to have borrowers that generally have more capabilities and resources and in our case were also trying to get to them earlier. So, if you would, theres a slightly better quality mix of our classified or criticized today than there would have been six months ago, theres more to work with. 
Andrew Marquardt  Fox-Pitt Kelton: Then the last question I had was on earlier comments about the pre-tax pre-provision earnings and looking for additional actions to improve that. Can you touch on again what are you considering? Is it additional cost saves?
Stephen D. Steinour : There is some element of costs that were always going after. We had an employee driven campaign called the green campaign that we closed out in the second quarter. It was a $6 million number. There are always things were looking to do on the expense side but we believe weve got some fairly significant revenue opportunities. A number of these business lines essentially shut down from new business to do the portfolio review in the second quarter. Someone I think noted and Don commented on the broker dealer income which was very high in the first quarter, a record first quarter, dipped in the second but its expected to come back and is on track to do that.  There are a series of actions which we are taking now with weekly business line reviews that use to be monthly that are putting a little more focus and attention in to the process. We think all of these things are helpful. We had certain expectations that are more dynamic and were not just locked in to an annual budget for example, were using the monthly forecasting process as a way of driving harder those business segments that have opportunities for us.
Operator:  Your final question comes from Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America Securities.
Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America Securities: Two questions, first just on capital, you mentioned in the release that you guys had made a ton of progress on the capital rebuild and that you might leave the door open to kind of getting back to that target you announced back in May. Im just wondering with a TC ratio still below peers but much improved from where it was, once you get to that kind of completing the program, is that completely it for capital raising? And, what would leave you to decide, if anything, that youd still have to top off capital rebuild further?
Donald R. Kimble : From that perspective I think weve been saying for some time that were very happy with our overall level of capital, that well continue to reevaluate whether theres certain components that wed like to shift in to. So, well continue to take a look at that. During our call we tossed out some of the other risk management efforts that could help reduce our risk weighted asset levels which will have a positive impact on some of the ratios as well. As we said, were a little short of the targets we laid out and still evaluating some of the options to get there and have a few things to consider. 
Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America Securities: Then my second question is just regarding Steves point earlier about not expecting any type of a rebound this year, can you just give us your broad thoughts of how the footprint is acting from a broader economic perspective? How much more shake out are you expecting from the ancillary issues from the auto industry trickling out? And, what do we have to look for specific to Huntington to get kind of a turn in your kind of views about the economy and how that leads in to future credits?
Stephen D. Steinour : A couple of things in that regard, one is we think we are sort of at best mid stage on the auto shake out. For us, its not a big deal, we just dont have that much supplier exposure. The impact to us is more tertiary but there will be some impact. Thats one of the reasons were still cautious about the year. Secondly, on the consumer side, we dont see job creation at a level thats mitigating the job loss so were expecting higher unemployment and so far weve been able to improve our performance on a number of books and we expect to continue to do that but it is impeding the rate of improvement we would otherwise see if we got to a stable environment let alone a good environment. We think as a consequence there will be some continuing pressure on a variety of businesses small and medium size in our footprint that will continue through this year beyond what would have been apparent in the second quarter. 
Kenneth Usdin  Bank of America Securities: The last question, do you have any concept or context in which to help us out to think about possible timing for a return to profitability?
Stephen D. Steinour : Well, we stopped giving guidance last year and Im loath to start it at this particular point. We obviously are pushing pre-tax pre-provision aggressively dynamically. Were looking to get our issues on the table dealt with and resolved and move forward. We believe were turning the ship and that weve made pretty good progress. It wasnt a puff piece in my initial remarks but, we have more work to do to be sure. Im reluctant to suggest which particular quarter but having said that, it is foreseeable, its not some indefinite long term point distant on the horizon. We believe were going to continue to make progress on the core and that will hasten the transition point. 
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time.
Jay Gould : Thank you everybody for participating. If you do have follow up questions, please give myself or Jim Graham a call. Thank you again. Well see you next quarter.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-21 13:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jay Gould  Director of Investor Relations Stephen D. Steinour  Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Donald R. Kimble  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer Tim Barber  Senior Vice President, Credit Risk Management Nicholas G. Stanutz  Senior Executive Vice President, Auto Finance and Dealer Services Michael Cross  Executive Vice President and Senior Commercial Lending Officer
Analysts: Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners, LP Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Anthony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc. Mark Lynch - Wellington Management Greg Ketron - Citigroup
Operator:  Good afternoon. My name is [Abigail] and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington first quarter earnings call. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Gould, you may begin your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you, [Abigail], and welcome everybody. I am Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington.  Copies of the slides we will be reviewing today can be found on our website, Huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about an hour from the close of the call. Please call the Investor Relations Department at 614-480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings for playback or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides.  Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of the basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these, but let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe it helpful to understanding Huntington's results of operations or financial position. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measure as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the slide presentation and its appendix, in the press release, in the quarterly financial review supplement to today's earnings press release or in the related Form 8-K filed earlier today, all of which can be found on our website. Today's discussion, including the Q&A period, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to change and risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements, and for a complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, the material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now turning to today's presentation, as noted on Slide 5 participating today are Steve Steinour, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Don Kimble, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Tim Barber, Senior Vice President of Credit Risk Management. Also present for the Q&A session is Nick Stanutz, Senior Executive Vice President of Auto Finance and Dealer Services, and Mike Cross, Executive Vice President and Senior Commercial Lending Officer.  Let's get started. Steve?
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you, Jay. Welcome, everyone. Now that I've been here just a little over 90 days, I think you should know that progress has been made, with much more in process that will set the stage for improved performance for Huntington.  I hope that message comes out loud and clear throughout this presentation. Yes, we reported a very large loss for the quarter, but this was due to a non-cash item that had no impact on the key operating dynamics of the company and the key issue of capital. Our regulatory intangible common equity ratio's improved significantly this quarter and our balance sheet has never been more liquid. For the quarter, our pre-tax pre-provision earnings rose 13%. We grew core deposits at a 9% annualized rate and we originated or renewed $4.4 billion in loans.  So we are clearly in challenging times and that will continue to be reflected in our credit quality performance, but I believe we are addressing our risks aggressively and proactively and I do not see any blowouts coming from the existing portfolio. More on all of this as we go through the presentation. Let's begin.  Turning to Slide 6, I want to begin with a review of the first quarter performance and achievements. Don will follow with a detailed review of first quarter financial performance and comments on investment securities and capital. Tim will update you on credit quality trends. And I will close with my assessment of where we are and what our priorities are for the next 90 days. So turning to Slide 7, as you know, we reported a net loss of $2.4 billion or $6.79 a share, however, we believe a more indicative measure of our first quarter performance was core net income of $6.9 million excluding the impact of three significant items shown on the slide and the payment of preferred dividends. After consideration of preferred dividends on per share basis, we had a loss of $0.06 per share. Another way we look at performance is to look at earnings on a pre-tax pre-provision basis, also excluding the significant one-time items. We will be exiting this credit cycle some time, I hope soon, and this metric helps us assess if we are making progress at growing core earnings and the implications of our earnings power once we come out at the other end of the cycle.  We're clearly making substantial progress. Our pre-tax pre-provision income was $225 million, up 13% from the fourth quarter. Other highlights include our tangible common equity ratio improved 61 basis points to 4.65% and our TCE to risk-weighted assets ratio was 5.19%, up 80 basis points. We think this latter measure is a better metric to assess tangible common equity in that it takes into consideration the riskiness of the balance sheet. Our allowance for credit losses was 2.24% and our net interest margin was 2.97%, a bit lower than anticipated, reflecting our efforts to improve the efficiency of the balance sheet and largely the impact from the Franklin restructuring.  Loan originations were particularly robust and our 9% annualized growth rate in core deposits was evidence that our reprioritization on generating deposits is achieving the desired impact.  Expenses were very well controlled, down 6% excluding the goodwill charge. We are on our way to exceeding our $100 million of expense saves for this calendar year. On Slide 8 we review the activities that influenced these results and set the stage for a stronger performance.  A big highlight was the successful restructuring of our Franklin relationship announced on March 31. We covered all of this in detail in an earlier presentation so we won't rehash them, but bottom line, we ended last year with a net exposure to Franklin of $520 million, the $650 million in loans minus the $130 million Franklin-related allowance for credit losses. At March 31 our total net exposure to Franklin was $477 million, a $43 million reduction which translated into 8% for the quarter. So Franklin exposure continues to reduce. In addition, the restructuring has better positioned us to manage further reductions and our ultimate recoveries.  During the quarter we took proactive steps to increase our capital ratios. This included the difficult decision to cut the quarterly dividend on the common stock to $0.01. We also converted 114,000 shares of Series A preferred stock into 24.6 million shares of common stock. And we increased the efficiency of our balance sheet by securitizing auto loans, selling some of our municipal securities, as well as selling some of our mortgage loans. The sum of these actions combined with the others listed here contributed to a $1.5 billion increase in cash on hand. This is the most liquid our balance sheet has been in recent memory.  We made significant progress in our management team restructure. This included hiring a new executive for our special assets group, a new executive to lead our commercial real estate lending group, and the hiring of a new executive to head up strategy and business segment performance.  We also realigned the regional into separate commercial and retail small business groups, headed by veterans Jim Dunlap and Mary Navarro, respectively.  And we implemented a cost-cutting initiative aimed at reducing 2009 expenses by $100 million, a target we already expect to see.  Lastly, as you will notice in the presentation and its appendix, we continue to very materially expand the level of detail in our external disclosures so as to improve our transparency to you and all others.  On Slide 9 are details of all the actions taken to strengthen risk management. Obviously, we've been very proactive in strengthening core capabilities. I won't cover each of these, but I think it's important that you know that our objective was threefold. First, we have adopted a more centralized view of portfolio management. Second, we've established common risk criteria and a common approval process across the franchise. And third, we've strengthened accountability at all levels. Now to de-risk the balance sheet, we closed out-of-region auto finance operations, placed a hard cap on commercial real estate lending exposure, and will not longer support out-of-market projects for in-market developers. And we took the other actions listed here.  So in sum, we've reduced our risk appetite, improved our credit-related MIS and management practices, added more resources to risk management areas, and tightened lending practices with a centralized view on risk management. These important steps lay the groundwork for consistent, sustainable credit quality improvement and long-term performance. Let me turn the presentation over to Don to review the financial performance.  Don?
Donald R. Kimble: Thanks, Steve.  Turning to Slide 10, we provide a summary of the earnings for the quarter. Our reported net loss for the quarter was $2.4 billion or $6.79 per common share. However, adjusted for three significant items, our core net income was a positive $6.9 million, with an EPS loss of $0.06 per share.  These three significant items were, first, the non-cash $2.6 billion or $7.09 per share goodwill impairment charge. The writedown of this non-earning intangible asset reduced net income but has no impact on tangible common equity, regulatory capital, liquidity or ongoing operations of Huntington. This charge reflects a significant reduction in the stock prices of our common and preferred shares that occurred during the first quarter. With the decline, we updated our impairment test and recognized the $2.6 billion non-cash charge this quarter. We have $452 million of goodwill remaining on our balance sheet.  Second, $159 million or a $0.44 per share tax benefit resulting from the Franklin restructuring. And finally, an $0.08 per share one-time negative impact from the converted preferred stock that occurred during the quarter. This one-time negative impact reflects the value of the additional common shares issued to induce the conversion and is not recurring. Slide 11 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trends. Many of these items will be reused later, so let's move on. On Slide 12 we provide an overview of our pre-tax pre-provision performance metric. We believe this metric is useful in assessing the underlying operating performance. We calculate this metric by starting with pre-tax earnings then including three items - provision for credit losses, security gains and losses, and amortization of intangibles. These three items tend to show greater volatility throughout the economic cycle.  Our pre-tax pre-provision income for the first quarter was $225 million, up $25 million or 13% from last quarter. This change reflected increases in certain income categories, specifically mortgage and brokerage insurance, and the improvement also showed the impact of expense reductions achieved during the first quarter. Offsetting these improvements was a decline in our interest income, which will be reviewed later. This linked quarter improvement clearly reflects the management actions taken during the quarter. Continue to look for additional steps to improve our core operating performance. Slide 13 provides a trend of our net interest income and our margins. During the first quarter our net interest income declined by $38.9 million, reflecting a $1 billion decline in average earning assets and a 21 basis point decline in our net interest margin. The margin decline reflected the impact of our actions taken to improve our balance sheet liquidity position, the higher levels of non-performing assets, including Franklin, and the competitive pricing experienced in our markets. Continuing on to Slide 14 we show the linked quarter loan and lease trends. Total commercial loans were down $0.3 billion or 1%, reflecting the impact of the chargeoffs taken over the last two quarters. The decline in auto loan and lease balances reflected a slight impact from the $1 billion securitization completed late in the quarter, as well as the continued run off of our lease portfolio. One of the highlights for the quarter was the growth in our core deposits. Not only did we grow total core deposits at an annualized 9% rate, but each category grew, with the largest increase realized in the non-interest bearing deposits. We're continuing to emphasize core deposit growth through incentive programs and management goals. We are very pleased with the results to date. Slide 16 shows the trends in our net interest income categories. Two highlights for the quarter were mortgage and brokerage. Mortgage originations more than doubled from the prior quarter to $1.5 billion. Mortgage fee income also benefited from the improved MSR hedging results for the quarter. We achieved record levels of retail investment sales for the quarter, contributing to the $8.7 million increase in the brokerage and insurance revenue. Service charges and trust revenues were down from the previous quarter, reflecting the seasonal and market conditions.  Slide 17 highlights some of the mortgage banking trends over the last five quarters. The subtotal included on the fifth line of this table provides an indication of the core performance of the mortgage business. The first quarter results also do include a $4 million benefit from the sale of approximately $200 million of portfolio mortgage loans completed late in the quarter. Another highlight for the quarter was our expense management. Adjusted for the $2.6 billion goodwill impairment charge, our non-interest expense was down $23 million. Most of this reduction comes from our reduction in total personnel costs, which reflects the implementation of our expense reduction initiatives. Our staffing levels are down 11% in the first quarter of 2008.  Slide 19 provides a summary of our $4.9 billion investment portfolio. The portfolio is up $524 million from last quarter end, reflecting the addition of around $260 million in securities from our auto securitization and increases in the portfolio used to provide collateral as we decreased trading account balances used for this purpose last quarter. Our investment portfolio now reflects the $600 million decline in our municipal securities portfolio, offset by increases in our Treasury and agency related securities. The sale of the municipal bonds was completed to improve the credit and liquidity position of our investment portfolio. The three highest risk segments of our investment portfolio are shown on Slide 20 - our Alt-A mortgage-backed portfolio, our pooled trust preferred securities, and our prime CMO segment. Over the last three quarters we've recognized about $200 million of impairment, including $3.9 million this quarter.  It is important to note that we have not adopted the revised accounting standards this quarter as we continue to assess the impact. If we would have adopted these standards for the entire portfolio, we estimate our regulatory capital ratios would have improved by about 20 basis points due to the reclassification of a portion of the previous impairment losses to accumulated other comprehensive income.  We continue to monitor each of these portfolios very closely, with the assistance of an outside valuation firm. We did note accelerated prepayments in two of these portfolios in March and an improvement in the implied liquidity premiums for their valuation. During the quarter we made significant progress in improving our capital position. We converted $114.1 million of our Series A preferred into common and we were able to shrink our balance sheet. These actions resulted in a 61 basis point improvement to our tangible common equity ratio to 4.65%.  Another indication of our improved capital position is our 80 basis point improvement in our tangible common equity to risk-weighted asset ratios to 5.19%. Our Tier 1 capital ratio improved by 31 basis points to 11.03%. Keep in mind the preferred conversion does not increase our Tier 1 capital. We continue to be pleased with our Tier 1 and total capital ratios, however, we're aware of the recent focus on tangible common equity. As part of its efforts to focus on increasing tangible common equity, the Board of Directors has authorized management to pursue a discretionary equity issuance program that will allow Huntington to take advantage of market opportunities to issue new shares of common stock. Sales of the shares, if any, will be made by means of ordinary broker transactions on the NASDAQ Global Select market or otherwise at prevailing market prices. The authorization limits the maximum number of shares potentially issuable to 10% of the total shares outstanding, with an aggregate price of up to $100 million. There is no minimum issuance.  With the recent focus on tangible common equity, we completed specific actions in the first quarter, including improving the efficiency of our balance sheet and the conversion of certain shares of Series A preferred stock to enhance our capital position. In addition to the discretionary equity issuance program we have announced, we may consider similar actions in the second quarter.  Now with this, let me turn the presentation back over to Tim Barber to review credit trends.  Tim?
Tim Barber:  Thanks, Don.  On an overall basis, our chargeoffs were lower in the first quarter than the fourth quarter of 2008 due to the lower Franklin Credit impact. However, the total loan portfolio continues to be negatively impacted by the sustained economic weakness in our Midwest market. The overall economic slowdown is impacting our commercial portfolio as reflected in the increase in net chargeoffs and non-accrual loans. The impact of the increasing unemployment rate in particular can be seen in our higher residential mortgage delinquencies.  On a non-Franklin basis, our commercial losses were higher and our consumer losses were lower compared with the prior quarter. Non-Franklin related C&I loan net chargeoffs were $82.3 million or an annualized 2.55%. The losses were concentrated in smaller loans as a result of the more active portfolio management process utilized throughout the quarter. We are reviewing criticized loans on a monthly basis with a focus on taking action as appropriate. From a geographic standpoint, the C&I net chargeoffs were concentrated in the Greater Cleveland and Akron/Canton regions.  The commercial real estate net chargeoffs were $82.8 million or 3.27%. The single family homebuilder segment continued to represent a significant portion of the losses. In the commercial real estate retail segment there was a $15 million loss associated with one project located in the Cleveland market. Combined, these two higher risk segments of the portfolio accounted for over 60% of the losses in the quarter. Aside from the one significant project, the losses were associated with smaller projects, consistent with our very granular portfolio profile. Again, we were especially pleased with the result across our consumer portfolio during the quarter, particularly given the economic environment in our market. Slide 23 represents the loss ratios associated with the portfolio. The commercial net chargeoff ratio increased as discussed while the combined consumer results were flat with the fourth quarter.  As shown on Slide 24, non-accrual loans and leases were $1.6 billion on March 31, representing 3.93% of total loans and leases. There was a $284 million decline associated with the Franklin restructure, so on a non-Franklin basis there was an increase of $335 million in the quarter. The $116 million non-Franklin-related increase in C&I non-accruals reflected the impact of the economic conditions in our market and were not concentrated in any specific region or industry. In general, the C&I loans supporting the housing or construction segment and loans associated with the auto industry are experiencing the most stress. Importantly, less than 10% of the C&I portfolio is associated with these segments. The $184.2 million or 41% increase in the commercial real estate non-accruals reflected the continued decline in the housing market and stress on retail sales. The single family homebuilder and retail segments accounted for two-thirds of the increase. These continue to be the two highest risk segments of our commercial real estate portfolio. The non-Franklin-related increases in residential mortgage and home equity non-accruals of $28 million and $7 million, respectively, reflected expected results given the market conditions.  On the other real estate owned front, we had a modest increase on a non-Franklin basis. The Franklin-related OREO is in the process of disposition as we have detailed the significant reduction over the last four months, consistent with our goals.  Slide 25 provides a summary of some key asset quality trends. Given our successful restructuring of the Franklin relationship, I will focus on the non-Franklin-related trends. The non-accruing loan ratio increased to 3.04% as a result of the changes detailed on the previous slide, with a combined NPA ratio of 3.39%. Chargeoffs also increased in the quarter to 2.12%. The increase in the non-accruing loan and chargeoff ratios are connected as the number of loans that moved into non-accrual status had writedowns associated with the FAS 114 impairment analysis. This is tangible evidence of the enhanced portfolio management practices discussed by Steve and noted in prior slides. Another observable result was the reduction in our commercial accruing 90-plus day delinquencies to zero in the quarter compared to $70 million in the prior quarter. The loans previously in this segment were either resolved or moved to non-accrual. The impact of this change, combined with the overall consumer performance, is seen in the lower 90-plus day accruing delinquency ratio of 35 basis points, the lowest it has been since the second quarter of last year. Our reported allowance for credit loss ratio of 2.24% is down from the reported fourth quarter, but the impact of the Franklin restructure is clearly seen. On a non-Franklin basis, the allowance for credit losses increased from 2.01% to 2.27%. There was no Franklin-related reserve at the end of the quarter as the loans were acquired at fair value. While the resulting coverage ratios have declined, they represent an appropriate level of reserves for the remaining risk in the portfolio. Turning to our auto finance portfolio, we were pleased with the performance in the first quarter. Slide 26 shows the auto loan portfolio delinquency and chargeoff trends. The decline in the level of delinquent accounts was consistent with our seasonal expectation, but given the environment it was not a foregone conclusion, as evidenced by the industry results in general. The lower dollar amount but higher ratio is a function of the $1 billion securitization we closed at the end of the quarter. We are focused on the dollar amount as that is a source for future losses. On the right side of the slide, our loss levels remain consistent in the first quarter, which we believe is another indication of the heath of the portfolio. Slide 27 shows the early stage performance results for our indirect auto loans, with the declining trend evident in late 2008 and a more consistent trend beginning to develop. This is another basis for our view that our auto loan loss levels will peak in 2009.  Home equity loans and line also performed well in the quarter. As you can see from Slide 28, this portfolio had lower delinquencies and chargeoffs than the prior quarter. We continue with our active loss mitigation efforts and are very comfortable with the direction of the portfolio. Our portfolio management decisions and risk mitigation processes have allowed this portfolio to continue to perform consistently in the face of the declining economic environment. Turning to Slide 29, our residential mortgage portfolio shows a generally increasing delinquency trend over the past five quarters, consistent with the impact of the market environment and the net chargeoff trend on the right side of the slide. We have significantly changed the orientation of the loss mitigation effort on this portfolio in the last 60 days and anticipate the impact will be seen in the coming quarters. Turning to Slide 30, as Steve mentioned, during the quarter we initiated a portfolio review to better dimension our credit risk across the portfolio and particularly in the higher risk segments of the commercial real estate segment. This activity resulted in a reclassification of certain commercial real estate loans to C&I loans. The reclassification was primarily associated with loans to businesses secured by real estate and buildings that house their operations. These owner-occupied loans secured by real estate were underwritten based on the cash flow of the business and are more appropriately classified as C&I loans. This accounts for the decline in the overall period in commercial real estate outstanding from $10.1 billion at the end of the fourth quarter to $9.3 billion at the end of March.  The reclassification process also affected the single family homebuilder segment, as loans secured by one to four-family rental properties were removed from the single family homebuilder outstandings. This change more accurately reflects commercial real estate loans directly exposed to the deteriorating housing market. Our single family homebuilder outstandings now total $1.2 billion, down from $1.6 billion last quarter. On the right side of the slide we have dimensioned the overall commercial real estate portfolio by property location. This enhanced disclosure indicates a concentration in our core footprint. Loans associated with projects in Florida total $324 million or 3%, while the 35 other out-of-market locations totaled $1.1 billion or 12%. None of the other states comprises more than 2% of the total. This combined out-of-footprint exposure is the result of a practice of following some of our Tier 1 borrowers to other geographies. Loans out of footprint are no longer being made. Slide 31 shows an overall assessment of the commercial real estate portfolio and provides some detail on the two highest risk segments. A significant amount of time in the last quarter was spent on these two portfolios, and while both will continue to be impacted by the economic environment, we do not see either of them blowing out. The original underwriting and resource nature of the loans continues to provide a level of support for these projects. Slide 32 provides some asset quality metrics for the two higher risk segments compared to the remaining segments and the overall commercial real estate portfolio. You can see the significant level of classified and non-accruing loans in the single family homebuilder portfolio and the recent increase in the retail segment. It was particularly important for us to review the retail portfolio as this is an evolving risk for the entire industry as opposed to the single family homebuilder segment, which has been top of mind for at least two years now. We continue to be cautiously optimistic regarding the rest of the commercial real estate portfolio performance. Slide 33 provides an overview of the C&I portfolio, including some key asset quality trends. As discussed in prior periods, we have identified some higher risk segments within the portfolio, primarily associated with exposure to borrowers relating to the housing and auto industries.  Slide 34 provides a breakout of the C&I portfolio by these three higher risk segments. Of note is the fact that less than 10% of the portfolio is comprised by borrowers in these segments. Slide 35 expands the auto industry related exposure to include our floorplan and other loans to dealers. We continue to be very comfortable with our floorplan exposure based on our client selection, underwriting and collateral monitoring processes. The bulk of our portfolio is associated with strong dealer groups that we believe will survive any consolidation in the coming months. Our historic performance in these segments speaks for itself. Turning to Franklin Credit, Slide 36 updates the monthly collections from the portfolio. You can see the material impact our refinancing efforts had in March, resulting in the $22.4 million of collections. The closing on the refinance activity carried over into April, so we are comfortable with the expected results in April as well. Many of the work rules and strategies that we are now able to employ as a result of the restructure are expected to begin to show results in the second quarter. As evidenced by the collection results, the portfolio performed as expected regarding delinquencies. Slide 37 is designed to provide a simple reconciliation of the balance sheet impact of the Franklin transaction between the last two quarters. The C&I portfolio declined by $650 million, while the consumer portfolio increased by $494 million, primarily in the residential mortgage portfolio, but with some attributed to home equity. We also added $80 million of residential OREO properties and that result was a $77 million reduction in assets and a $204.5 million reduction in non-performing assets. On a net basis, our Franklin exposure declined by $43 million as a result of the restructure and, importantly, payments from the collection activity. This concludes the credit-related comments. Let me turn the presentation back to Steve for wrap up.
Stephen D. Steinour: Thank you, Tim. Let me share with you my updated expectations about 2009 performance. I'm on Slide 38. First, we do not believe there'll be any significant economic turnaround this year and as a result we anticipate the net chargeoff levels as well as provision expense will remain elevated. Second, our net interest margin may experience modest pressure from the first quarter's 2.97% level, although we're taking significant actions to respond to that. Third, we will remain intensely focused on continuing to grow our core deposits. Deposit pricing is expected to remain competitive, but we expect to achieve this growth through improved sales and service execution and, quite frankly, a much stronger focus going forward on deposits. Loan originations are expected to remain strong given the low absolute level of interest rates.  Fee income performance is likely to mirror that of the first quarter's strong performance in mortgage banking, brokerage and insurance, and with challenges in deposit service charges and trust income related to market valuations and conditions.  Expenses will remain well controlled and, as noted earlier, we expect to exceed our $100 million expense save target for this year.  Lastly, given the recent focus on tangible common equity, at yesterday's Board meeting the Board approved a discretionary equity issuance program and under this program we may issue up to $100 million of common equity going forward.  Slide 39 is my report card to you for the first 90 days. I won't go into that. It's been an energizing 90 days, a terrific time here in the company. We've got a lot that's been accomplished and certainly a lot more under way. Slide 40, some important messages that we hope you and other investors will understand and take away. First, we think we've fully addressed Franklin. I don't plan on talking about it in the future. We believe we're now well positioned for opportunities. Second, while the economy is weak and we're not counting on a recovery in the foreseeable future, I'm pleased to report that all of the credit work, the intensive reviews that have been done and many actions that we've taken - and I've been able to participate in a good number of them leave me convinced that while credit costs in terms of net chargeoffs and provision expense will remain elevated, I don't see any blowouts on the horizon. And I believe we have the resources to manage through the problems that we're facing. Third, capital is king and we'll continue to look for ways and opportunities to strengthen our capital ratios internally and we'll be relentless on our focus on making certain our balance sheet is managed very efficiently. You may also be pleased to know that in my meetings with associates and customers in each region, I've come away very impressed by a depth of loyalty to Huntington. This is a huge, huge advantage for us to build upon as we go forward. And lastly, though the industry's going through a period of heightened stress and uncertainty, the core business is good and getting stronger. Remember, we posted a 13% increase in our pre-tax pre-provision income from the fourth quarter.  In the foreseeable future, credit costs will normalize. We will return to normalized performance.  Slide 41 is the last of our slides. It represents the focus for the next 90 days. We've got a lot of opportunity, I think, to optimize the balance sheet and we'll be working on net interest margin and net interest income generation in that regard.  Second, we'll continue our efforts at cross-sell performance with benefits showing up in fee income growth and we'll look to drive those various fee income businesses.  Third, we need to make certain that the reorganization changes we've recently announced with our business segment are fully and effectively implemented early in the quarter.  Fourth, we will launch this quarter a strategic planning process for each business segment. This will be a new undertaking for the company. It will focus us in the future in terms of areas of growth, operating levers, if you will, for growth and investment. And fifth, while this will always stay on the list, we have other actions to aggressively manage expenses and we'll continue to do that throughout the year. And as I noted earlier, we expect to exceed our $100 million expense save target for the year. And lastly, we will actively position Huntington with some external campaigns that elevate awareness, strengths and continuity of the Huntington brand.  So we're going to open up for questions now. Thank you for your interest in Huntington.  Operator, would you open up for Q&A please?
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: I guess my first question is regarding the $100 million discretionary equity offering. Do you guys have any internal stock price minimums where you would not want to issue shares because either the dilution or the capital impact would just not be worth it?
Donald R. Kimble: I think one thing we want to point is that in the first quarter we did improve our TCE and we did it opportunistically, and so if you take a look at the conversion of the preferred, the incremental TCE that we picked up per share was $4.60 a share and that compared to an average stock price of $1.85 a share. So we think that we've shown an interest in making sure that we don't do things that are going to be dilutive to our common shareholders anymore than what we absolutely have to.  And so that's why we like the structure that we have in place here or will have in place here shortly as far as the discretionary issuance program. It gives us the opportunity to be much more opportunistic and make sure that we're not issuing at inappropriate low levels as far as the stock price. The other governor there is that the issuance is limited to no more than 10% of the common shares outstanding and so that also helps provide some additional control as far as the stock price achieved from that.
Stephen D. Steinour: So Ken, just to close out, in my mind it's another arrow in the quiver. We may use it if situations look attractive, but we're not feeling compelled to and we felt it was important to get a disclosure out promptly. 
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley:  The second question is: What do you think's unique about your balance sheet that's leading to further NIM compression from here because a lot of other banks, even those with significant credit problems, are still guiding for NIM expansion in the next couple of quarters.
Stephen D. Steinour: I think we're just being cautious with you, Ken, quite frankly. We put a lot of on balance sheet liquidity on in the first quarter and that will give us some opportunities as we go into the second quarter and throughout the second half of the year; actions we're taking on the loan portfolio will start to come through. So we're trying to be conservative with our outlook for the year in general and so that's why we made that comment.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley:  Okay, so if you do decide to reduce your liquidity somewhat, we could see some NIM expansion?
Stephen D. Steinour: That's right or simply if we just shifted to an investment portfolio versus an overnight fed fund.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley:  The last question I had was when you chargeoff loans to go into non-performing, what's the magnitude of the writedown that you're seeing on those? I'm mostly curious about the commercial portfolio.
Stephen D. Steinour: There's a wide variance, Ken. It would be hard to, without misleading you, give you a generalization here. We've got anywhere from looking at unsecured or essentially unsecured where collateral's been converted by a defalcation with our borrower to fully secured that's cents on the dollar.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners, LP.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners, LP: I guess, Steve, this question is probably best for you, just to follow up on the capital. Obviously you've been sort of receptive to the amount of significance that the market puts on TCE, but just given what you did last quarter - what you might do this quarter with the discretionary authorization - as you've gone through the last 90 days or so, do you have a sense what an appropriate TCE ratio is at Huntington, How aggressive you would be at getting there quickly versus trying to allow it to build over a period of several quarters?
Stephen D. Steinour:  I don't, Scott. To try to answer you, I don't feel any pressure to get there quickly versus several quarters, to use your analogy. We found some opportunities last quarter. Maybe we'll find some this quarter, I don't know. I feel very good in talking to you and others today about the work that has been done and the ongoing work in the various portfolios. Coming in with no in-depth review left me in a much disadvantaged position when we had the year end earnings call, so with 90 days into it I'm feeling pretty good. We still have a tough cycle to deal with but, again, I don't see any - to use our term - blowouts in the book, and for that reason I don't feel compelled to do anything.  I like our Tier 1 being over 11 and I think we're on track in terms of core performance and if we just stay focused and executing good things are going to happen. We'll hit the bottom here I hope soon and then start to - if we're not at it now - and then start what I think will be a sustained and nice recovery.
Scott Siefers - Sandler O'Neill & Partners, LP:  If I could switch gears a bit, Tim, maybe this question is best for you, but you obviously had a lot of moving parts in the credit metrics this quarter. On the reserve, if we were to X out the Franklin-related reduction on sort of apples-to-apples basis, you did build the reserve with just the dollar amount of the provision versus the non-Franklin chargeoffs of only $213 million. Do you have a sense for potential magnitude of reserve build in coming quarters as we look ahead? 
Tim Barber: Well, we did build the reserve net of chargeoffs by just under $80 million this quarter, this past quarter. I think we'll probably be in a slight build mode going forward, but there's still a lot up in the air here in our geography. We don't have a lot in Eastern Michigan or Northwest Ohio, but we do have some and so Chrysler and GM and important to us.  If what the Feds read on the economy in the second half is accurate - which, by the way, we're not positioning ourselves for, but if it is - then that should be very helpful to us late this year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co..
Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co.: As I look at just second quarter pre-tax pre-provision earnings and take out potentially the MSR hedging gain, so take into account some NIM pressure - I'm not quite sure of the incentive accrual reversals, which helped expenses in the first quarter, if that repeats itself - I'm essentially looking at kind of down sequential pre-tax pre-provision earnings. Would you agree with that conclusion and maybe what are some of the offsets to help that figure in the second quarter?
Donald R. Kimble: As far as the MSR, we had an MSR hedging loss last quarter of about $18 million through the fee income line item and that improved about a $3 million net loss for the fee income line, so net quarter-over-quarter we did have an improvement there. Some of that went through fee income and some of it went through margins. So I don't know that I would characterize that as being a gain from MSR; there was an improvement there. And I would say that the core level as far as expected impact for MSR hedging is probably more consistent with what we're experiencing here in the first quarter than what it has in previous quarters.  As far as the expenses, you mentioned the incentive reversals from the previous year. Keep in mind, too, that we didn't single out the expense increases associated with the severance for the work force reduction that we had. We had a reduction of over 500 employees during the first quarter and there was a cost there. And so, again, like the MSR, I'd say if we look at the expense levels that we're projecting for salary and benefits I'd say it's much more in line with the base case for where we are in the first quarter as opposed to adjusted for any one-time type of issues. So I think as we look at the core for the first quarter, if you back out the goodwill write-off and back out the tax benefit for the Franklin restructuring, I'd say the core earnings ex provision are pretty much in line with where we think the base case is. I wouldn't say that there's unusual items in there that gave us any artificial lift or enhancement compared to what we'd expect for future quarters.
Terry McEvoy - Oppenheimer & Co.:  And then the second question, just the reclassification of some CRE loans into C&I, were any of those commercial real estate loans set to refinance, they could not qualify for a commercial real estate credit and as such were moved to C&I, or was 100% of that simply a reclassification like you outlined?
Donald R. Kimble: 100% reclassification, Terry.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Anthony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc..
Anthony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.: I guess this should be to Tim. Of the $1.6 billion that you've got in NPLs right now, Tim, I want you to tell us what percentage of those loans are FAS 114s and in a range here perhaps the cumulative mark that you have taken on those loans that are non-accrual from the original book.
Tim Barber: Tony, I think the answer to that question is essentially the answer that we gave a little earlier. It varies dramatically across the type of loan in the commercial and commercial real estate world. I don't know right off the type of my head exactly what the number is specifically FAS 114 within the non-accrual. You can see what the overall commercial and commercial real estate numbers are.  Mike Cross is here and he might be able to shed a little light on that.
Michael Cross:  Of the $1.6 billion, all of that went through the 114 impairment analysis that we conduct every month. And Tim and Steve previously commented that the amount of the mark depends upon the deal in general, but any asset that we had in that portfolio that was secured by real estate, the marked-to-market was done based upon a current evaluation or appraisal that we have, so that's the discipline that we have in that regard.
Anthony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus & Company, Inc.:  While I've got you, the other question I have was the status, I guess, Mike, of the negotiations that's Franklin's having to procure additional servicing contracts. Maybe you could give us some color on the degree or interest, the dialogue you're having now as opposed to prior to the restructuring, and also what it might mean [inaudible] and whether that platform is at some point sold.
Michael Cross: Tony, I'll answer you with a non-answer. I would refer you to Franklin Credit to talk about specifics in regards to the opportunities that they have before them. As you know and we have announced beforehand, this structure that we put in place at the end of the first quarter gives them the freedom to have tremendous opportunity and their entry into the cycle right now, I think, the timing is almost perfect.  We also, as you know pursuant to our previous disclosure, we have an exciting opportunity in terms of the ability to have them service our portfolio. We're pleased with their performance. We now have flexibility that we didn't have before with the standard creditor-debtor relationship so they have, as Tim previously stated, essentially exceeded our expectations or met our expectations in terms of what they've been able to do with our portfolio. So I think they'll be able to replicate that with other clients if they're lucky enough to get servicing contracts with those folks.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Mark Lynch - Wellington Management.
Mark Lynch - Wellington Management:  I see your average loan yield is down to 4.9%. Your average yield on commercial real estate's down to 3.76% and commercial industrial 4.6%. All those seem pretty low and I'm wondering are there a lot of floors in your portfolio and, as you work through and renegotiate, can you put floors in and how fast can you do that?
Michael Cross:  We're putting floors in in virtually every deal that's renegotiated, but as a rule we do not have floors in on the commercial real estate book. It's one of the challenges. 
Mark Lynch - Wellington Management: And the C&I loans would take, what, two years on average to get it in?
Michael Cross: No, I think we're going to see the vast majority of it come through between this first quarter and the next four quarters, so I'd say an effective duration of maybe five quarters.
Mark Lynch - Wellington Management: And on the CRE, if you put in the floors, can they actually pay them or is it kind of a moot point?
Michael Cross: Well, it depends on the borrower, obviously. The vast majority are performing so we would expect those floors to have some teeth and they are being reprised on the CRE book as well. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Greg Ketron - Citigroup.
Greg Ketron - Citigroup: I had a question on the sustainability or at least your view on the sustainability of the mortgage banking income now we've seen gain on sell margins widen appreciably and whether you thought that could continue or if that was your experience there as well as maybe some views as to whether you feel like you're picking up market share within your marketplace on the mortgage side.
Donald R. Kimble: We think it's sustainable certainly for the near term. We do believe we have a share pickup going on of a modest nature and it's actually an area where we're looking at whether we want to make an immediate investment and try and continue to accelerate the share pickup or not.
Greg Ketron - Citigroup:  Did you see gain on sale margins improve significantly as well?
Stephen D. Steinour: We did see them improve in the first quarter just as a result of the dramatic changes that occurred in the rates during that time period and the significant inflow of the refinance activity.
Greg Ketron - Citigroup:  Then one last question. I know this may be a difficult subject to comment on, but any preliminary views on the Treasury programs that are out there, including the CAP program. 
Stephen D. Steinour: We are following, I think, like most of you what's being offered and as it develops, but we don't have views on any of it and we don't believe we have any need to pursue any of the programs. If we happen to find one that's opportunistic - as you know, we issued under TALF - we might take advantage of it.  But in terms of the CAP program or TARP II or anything else, we don't believe we had any need.
Operator:  This concludes the question-and-answer portion of today's call. I'll now turn the call back to Mr. Gould for any closing remarks.
Jay Gould:  Thank you, [Abigail], and thank you, everybody, who's shown interest in participating today. If you have follow up questions, please give myself or Jim a call. Thank you so much.
Operator:  This concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-22 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Gould  Director of Investor Relations Stephen D. Steinour  Chairman of the Board, President & Chief Executive Officer Donald R. Kimble  Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President & Treasurer  Tim Barber  Senior Vice President Credit Risk Management Nicholas G. Stanutz  Senior Executive Vice President Auto Finance & Dealer Services Michael Cross  Executive Vice President & Senior Commercial Lending Officer 
Analysts:  Matthew OConnor  UBS Dave Rochester  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey Heather Wolf  Merrill Lynch Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer Greg Ketron  Citigroup [Eric Connerly  Roco] [Vick Ye  Owl Creek Asset Management]  
Operator :  My name is Abigail and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington fourth quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Gould you may begin your conference.
Jay Gould:  Im Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the Slides we will be reviewing can be found on our website www.Huntington.com and this call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Please call the investor relations department at 614-480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings or playback or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the Slides. Slides two and three note several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read these. Let me point out one key disclosure, this presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe it help to understanding Huntingtons results of operations or financial position.  Where non-GAAP financial measures are used the comparable GAAP financial measure as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in this Slide presentation in its appendix, in the press release, in the quarterly financial review supplement to todays earnings press release and in the related Form 10K filed earlier today, all of which can be found on our website. Todays discussion, including the Q&A period may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to change, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties please refer to this Slide and materials filed with the SEC including our most recent Forms 10K, 10Q and 8K filings. Now, turning to todays presentation. As noted on Slide Five, participating today are Steve Steinour, our duly elected Chairman, President and CEO; Don Kimble, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Tim Barber, Senior Vice President Credit Risk Management. Also present for the Q&A session is Nick Stanutz, Senior Executive Vice President of Auto Finance and Dealer Services and Mike Cross, Executive Vice President & Senior Commercial Lending Officer. Lets get started.
Stephen D. Steinour : This is my first opportunity to address you since joining Huntington and you need to know upfront that Im excited about being here. These times are certainly challenging, perhaps the most challenging facing the industry and Huntington in decades. I have always found in times of great challenge great opportunities also emerge and I firmly believe that is true for Huntington.  We have some issues to address which well talk about today but, were up to the task. I hope that through our remarks youll come to the same conclusion. Ive also made it a priority to meet with and get to know as many of you as my schedule will permit beginning with a round of visits in New York next Tuesday.  So, lets begin with the presentation. Turning to Slide Seven, I want to begin with a review of my initial impressions about Huntington as well as my perspective on key issues. Don will follow with a quick over view of fourth quarter financial highlights. This may be briefer than usual as I think it is important that Tim spend time walking you through the specifics of our Franklin actions as well as other credit performance information. I will share my 5Q priorities, what I hope to accomplish and focus on in the first 90 days with you and then Ill close with brief comments about 2009 expectations. So, if we turn to Slide Eight, some of you may be wondering why anyone would want to be a bank CEO at such a time at this and for some banks I would certainly agree with that underlying sentiment but, for Huntington theres a lot thats attractive and exciting.  First of all, Huntingtons overall strategic positioning as a local bank, a relationship bank, is one that I have found that wins over time. In challenging times being local has great customer appeal. Were here, were present, you can come in and talk to us, you can access us and access matters. It also means that were better able to understand your circumstances, the borrowers circumstances, customers circumstances and in good times thats also a winning formula. Decisions made locally with local knowledge great relationships that endure.  Second, these are markets Im familiar with. When Citizens acquired Charter One, an Ohio based company I came to Ohio and Michigan. I know Western Pennsylvania from the Citizens acquisition of certain banking lines from Mellon. I firmly believe Huntington has an opportunity to grow and take market share in each of these markets especially with the conditions present today.  Another factor is that Huntington has good overall distribution. Thats a platform for growth with lots of optionality. We have multiple branch clusters in interesting markets in six states. Our technology is very good and weve invested significantly over the years in our IT platforms. We have the capacity to fold on acquisitions and we have some unique business lines. Ill mention our private banking and investment management businesses which I think of as jewels and very scalable businesses.  Huntingtons core product and services menu is quite robust so we have what is essential to compete and to win today. Further, and I know this as a former competitor, Huntington is a known and respected institution. In my former life we also found a lot of loyalty when we were soliciting a Huntington customer. So, these last three impressions are ones which every Huntington associate can be proud of and certainly reflects hard work and commitment and success in serving customer needs over many years. Despite our current quarters results and the fact that we will be facing an increasingly difficult economic environment for the foreseeable future, I believe the challenges can be successfully addressed. We will make the tough choices and were starting with a strong capital position. Lastly, though admittedly our first priority is to generate organic growth, Huntington is positioned as the logical Midwest bank consolidator. Now, I had a leading role in bank acquisitions at Citizens which grew from $3 billion to $160 billion in assets including through acquisitions and so I am quite familiar with acquisitions and integrations. Huntington has a proven customer integration and system conversion set of capabilities to be a player in the integration that is going to occur. But first, and this bears repeating, we must grow organically and we will. Im going to use the next few Slides to provide my perspective on key issues. The first is our relationship with Franklin Credit Management. The $454 million pre-tax hit to fourth quarter earnings associated with this relationship was obviously substantial so the question are what happened from the end of the third quarter until now and where do we now stand with regard to this relationship?  The answer to the first question is that the fourth quarter cash flows declined dramatically and fell well below expectations. In addition, as the quarter progressed it became increasingly clear that the economic environment during the quarter had worsened significantly and at a much faster pace than expected at the end of the third quarter. There was a growing consensus that it would be getting worse or certainly remaining challenging throughout this year, if not longer. As a result it was critical that we review the adequacy of our reserve against this deteriorating collateral situation. The bottom line of tall this was the need to charge off $423 million of our loans to Franklin and add $438 million to provision expense to build related reserves. As Tim Barber will detail for you, given our write offs and reserve building, our reserves today are in line with the expected recoverable amount.  Our net exposure to Franklin is now $520 million. Thats a $650 million loan less $130 million reserve and that reserve is 20% of the loan. Now, another way to look at this is if you consider only our first mortgage collateral. Based on current valuations and an assumed reliable factor that 60% of that valuation plus $23 million of other collateral, mostly cash, the combined collateral is $562 million. So, thats $42 million or 8% more than our $520 million net exposure. This also assumes no credit for $5 million a month in other cash flow that will directly pay down principal principally coming from second mortgages and sales of OREO. Now, looking at this a different way, our net exposure to Franklin now represents less than 1% of total assets and yet in a different vein, our valuations are consistent with what weve seen in the market place in recent bank acquisitions. So, by taking this charge we now have the flexibility with the portfolio that will allow us to maximize the ultimate recover of our loans to Franklin. Going forward, our strategies related to this relationship include creating a structure that will help unlock the value of the Franklin servicing capabilities to third parties. Were also considering other structural changes in order to maximize its value to shareholders. Now, its too early to get in to specifics but were confident that we are positioned with enough flexibility to generate future value here. I hope this helps answer the second question. The bottom line is that we believe our actions should substantially address Franklin as an investor issue. I think its important to note that without the charges associated with Franklin, 2008 would have been a profitable year for Huntington even in this challenging environment. Im not saying this to minimize or sidestep Franklins impact but I think this perspective is helpful within the context of addressing our Franklin relationship.  Turning to Slide 10, let me talk about credit management. The first point is that through the third quarter Huntingtons credit performance has been better than many of the peers. While all of the fourth quarter performance numbers are not in yet from these peers, I believe that Franklin aside, we will continue to compare favorably. Tim will review this but I certainly think this will be the case with our home equity, residential mortgages and auto loan portfolios and may in fact be the case for the entire portfolio. Philosophically I think its important to have a centrally driven portfolio risk management strategy and overall approach including risk limit settings. This doesnt mean that central loan-by-loan decision making will occur but what it means is that were going to set our risk management appetite as a company from a central perspective and manage the portfolio against the appetite.  I also believe very firmly that lending is not about giving money away, its about renting money. This means that we must put in place the structure and reporting transparencies that provide clarity of accountability within the institution and certainly to all of you. Well make mistakes and when we do there will be consequences and that accountability will be apparent.  Turning to Slide 11, I think there are opportunities to improve our profitability as well and one way is to make certain we spend our money wisely and efficiently. Great companies pursue this relentlessly so while this is always true its especially true in difficult times such as these and as such weve launched an expense reduction initiative. Our discussions at this point are high level so no numbers or estimates yet but our management team is in agreement that this is critical to get this fully defined quickly so that it can benefit results in short order. Well be looking at everything. There will be no sacred cows and nothing is off limits. My experience has found that these types of initiatives will result in some organization and other adjustments. At this point I dont know what they may be but I do expect that outcome.  I also think theres additional revenue potential that can be realized here at Huntington. We need to find and realize additional revenue synergies within the customer base and improve our overall cross sell performance. We also have a number of high growth potential businesses that must be selectively invested in and we expect to do that. I think we have the makings of some specialty banking businesses in our various geographic regions. For example, in West Michigan weve developed an expertise in serving healthcare providers and servicers and we need to bring that capacity throughout our footprint.  On Slide 12, as youll recall last November we received $1.4 billion in TARP capital. Its important that our associates and customers know that we remain committed to use this capital as intended to support and increase lending in our loan modification programs. We will remain committed to prudent lending with the TARP capital. How are we doing? Well for the first 45 days from the receipt of the TARP funds through the end of the year we originated or renewed $1.2 billion of commercial loans and $500 million of consumer loans. Turning to Slide 13, the last issue I want to cover before Don reviews the fourth quarter financial performance are my perspective on capital and dividends. On the one hand our regulatory capital is strong and it is at least $1.9 billion more than the regulatory well capitalized minimum and its in line with our peers. Yet, our tangible common equity, that is the equity less intangible assets is below average and reflecting the quarters loss declined during the quarter. This is an important ratio to common stock and fixed income investors and therefore it is important that we begin rebuilding it.  With that in mind and with the 2009 perspective of a challenging year, we reduced the quarterly dividend to $0.01 per share and this represents the most efficient way to add to our common equity immediately. In addition, the board of directors and management know that this dividend cut will be painful for our shareholders and I would tell you that this was not an easy decision as we know many shareholders depend on this income. But, its the right decision at this time for the institution as a whole and certainly for the shareholders as a whole. Back to my notion of accountability, I believe the interests of management and the board of directors must be aligned with shareholders and thats why weve announced that there will be no senior management bonuses paid for 2008 performance. Further, the board will now only be compensated in common stock, there will be no cash component. So with that, let me turn it over to you Don.
Donald R. Kimble : Turning to Slide 14, before detailing the quarter I think it important to put full year 2008 results in perspective. Our reported net loss for the year was $113.8 million or $0.44 per common share. These results were impacted by several significant items: first, $454.3 million or $0.81 per share of negative impact related to Franklin, all in the fourth quarter. This impact included $438 million of loan loss provision, $9 million of interest income reversal and $7 million of write offs related to interest rate swaps.  These actions reduced the net exposure of Franklin to $520 million. Tim will review these actions in more detail later. Next, $215.7 million or $0.38 per share of market related losses including $197.4 million of securities impairment. Also, we had $0.09 EPS from events related to our holdings of Visa stocks including the impact of the IPO, the reversal of the indemnification reserves and related tax benefits. Finally, $0.06 of EPS negative impact from the combination of restructuring costs and other asset impairments.  The net message for this Slide is the significance of the Franklin Credit impact to the year. Adjusted for this impact, our earnings would have been a $0.37 per share. Now, turning to the quarter, Slide 15 provides a summary of the earnings for this quarter. Our reported net loss per share for the quarter was $417.3 million or $1.20 per common share. These results were impacted by three significant items: first, the $454 million or $0.81 of negative impact for the fourth quarter charges for Franklin.  Second, $141.7 million or $0.25 per share of market related losses including $127.1 million of securities impairment primarily related to our [all state] mortgage backed securities. The forecast of future loss levels for the underlying mortgage levels increased again in the fourth quarter resulting in additional impairment. It is important to note the impairment charge far exceeds the expected actual credit losses. The difference will be recognized as [inaudible] in future earnings.  Finally, two items related to our investment in Visa net us a little impact on our net EPS but did impact various lines on our income statement. Slide 15 provides a summary of our quarterly earnings trend. As previously noted, our net loss for the quarter was $417 million. A major contributor of the loss was the provisioning expense of $723 million for the quarter including the Franklin specific provision of $438 million. Our non-interest revenue reflects the market related losses of $142 million. Even after adjustment for theses losses many of our fee income categories were down from the previous quarter reflecting the change in the overall financial markets. Service charges were down 7% from the previous quarter, trust services income was down 10% and other income was down 20% or $7.6 million reflecting the credit losses on other interest rate swaps.  Expenses were up $51 million from the previous quarter. Remember, we recognized a $21 million gain from the prepayment of debt in the third quarter. This quarters remaining increase was driving by higher residual losses on our auto lease portfolio, higher FDIC premiums after depletion of our one-time credit and annual true up of pension costs and increases in legal and professional services.  On Slide 17 we provide an overview of financial performance for the quarter. Many items will be addressed at different times in our presentation but I would like to focus on a few items. First, our tier one capital ratio of 10.8% and our total capital ratio of 14%, each exceed a well capped life threshold by $1.9 billion or more. Second, our net interest margin declined from 3.29% to 3.18% over the last quarter. All 11 basis points of this decline was related to interest income reversals on non-accrual loans. In addition, our margin benefited from the issuance of capital by three basis points which is offset by the impact of competitive deposit pricing in our market. Finally, core deposits increased 3.3% from the previous quarter despite the very competitive market. Slide 18 provides a summary of many of the quarterly performance ratios. Many of these will be reviewed in more detail elsewhere. Let me turn the presentation over to Tim.
Tim Barber : Let me begin with a detailed review of our Franklin relationship. Slide 19 you have seen before. While the cash flow generated by the underlying collateral showed a declining trend over the first nine months of 2008 it did continue to exceed the requirements of the 2007 fourth quarter restructuring agreement. However, as you can see the level of cash flows declined significantly in the fourth quarter reflecting a more severe than expected deterioration in the overall economy during the quarter. In particular, principal payments associated with the first mortgage portfolios contracted as the availability of credit in the market was further reduced. A substantial amount of the monthly principal reduction has been associated with the sale of properties. So, the tightening credit scenario had a direct negative impact on cash flows. On the interest collections side there was a decline across all three segments but the decline was especially dramatic in the Franklin second mortgage portfolios as delinquencies continued to increase. While there was an increase in the level of OREO proceeds in December, that source has a high degree of variability from month-to-month. We observed performance in the fourth quarter coupled with the expectation that the severity of the economic downturn will further weaken the underlying borrowers ability to pay as well as the value of the collateral resulted in a significant deterioration in the value of Franklins cash flow. As such, the revaluation of the future cash flows at the end of the fourth quarter led to the actions detailed on Slide 20. The $438 million additional provision was the result of some significant changes to the credit assumptions on the Franklin portfolio. Particularly affected was the Franklins second portfolio which showed a substantial increase in delinquencies and defaults in the fourth quarter. We are now assigning a default rate of 90% and a recovery rate of 2% to the remaining Franklin second portfolio compared with 65% and 10% as of the third quarter. Obviously, the majority of the reduced cash flow in the future relates to the adjustments on this portfolio. The Franklin first assumptions also changed with a default assumption of 75% and a recovery rate of 60%. While the default assumption did not change materially, the recovery rate reflects the reduced values in the fourth quarter and our belief that values will continue to decline in future periods.  The Tribeca portfolio assumptions are now 80% default rate and a 60% recovery rate. As with the other portfolios the increase in the default assumption is a result of the increasing delinquency and default rates experienced over the course of 2008 but particularly in the fourth quarter. The recovery assumption declined materially as a result of lower than expected results in the fourth quarter and our now dramatically changed view of the New York/New Jersey metro home value. After the $423 million charge off we have a remaining gross exposure of $660 million with a $130 million or 20% specific reserve. The net exposure to Franklin is now $520 million. The loan is now on non-accrual status and $9 million of interest income was reversed in the fourth quarter. In addition, we have approximately $23 million in other collateral primarily cash. These actions have had no impact on our position relative to the Franklin servicing platform. It remains a valuable asset. The credit actions provide us with an opportunity to best leverage the value of the platform in the future.  Slide 21 summarizes our collateral position relative to the remaining Franklin outstanding. Over the course of the fourth quarter updated values were obtained on all of the first mortgage loans. Huntingtons share of the collateral net of the other creditors under the terms of the restructure totaled $898 million to which we assigned a 60% realizable value factor resulting in collateral value of $539 million. Please note that we added no value for the $950 million of second mortgages but did add the $23 million in other collateral again, primarily cash for a total of $562 million in collateral. This collateral assessment provides a 108% coverage against the $520 million net exposure. While we assign no value to the second mortgages, that portfolio will generate $5 to $6 million in cash flow that will go directly to pay down the principal balance. Under the current credit assumptions, the loan will pay out over the course of the next five years. The bottom half of the Slide presents a portfolio performance picture as of December 31, 2008. As you can see the portfolio is significantly skewed towards the 120 plus days past due category across all three portfolio segments. This is provided for you to see the material default situation embedded in the underlying portfolio that we addressed in the fourth quarter actions.  Turning now to overall credit performance Slides 22 and 23 detail the charge off results at the portfolio level. The trends were up in the fourth quarter across all of the segments but each had different dynamics. I will address the specifics of each on a later Slide.  Slide 24 provides some key portfolio metrics. The 30 day past due levels showed manageable increase in the C&I and commercial real estate portfolios compared with third quarter results. A 2.09% 30 day past due result for the indirect auto portfolio is actually only 7% higher than the fourth quarter of 2007 despite the significant economic challenges. The home equity portfolio delinquencies also increased primarily driven by seasonal influences but we remain confident in the continued consistency in charge off performance.  The residential portfolio remained flat albeit at relatively high levels. In the 90 plus day past due category the increasing level is reflected in the related reserves. As discussed early charge offs in [inaudible] loans were up in all portfolios in the fourth quarter reflecting the continued economic stress in our markets. The overall allowance for credit losses is now 2.30% of total loans and we built reserves across our portfolio. Slides 25 and 26 reconcile our actual full year 2008 charge off performance with the targeted ranges presented in October. As you can see only the C&I portfolio was materially higher than the targeted range. The higher losses in this segment were primarily a result of a couple of significant exposures that deteriorated rapidly in the fourth quarter. The auto portfolio was also higher than anticipated partially as a result of an even tougher used car market than anticipated and partially as a result of the declining lease portfolio balances, a business we exited in the fourth quarter.  The indirect auto portfolio origination quality was a full 20% better in 2008 than the 2007 vintage as we move to an even higher quality super prime origination strategy. Even allowing for the economic stresses, we believe that we are well positioned for the challenges of 2009 in this portfolio.  The home equity loan portfolio continued to perform within our expectations and substantially below the industry levels. The broker originations continued to run off and we are seeing the benefits of the interest rate environment on our variable rate borrowers. The residential portfolio also performed within expectations.  Let me now turn the presentation back over to Steve.
Stephen D. Steinour : On Slide 27 let me share with you my expectations about 2009s performance. First, as background we expect this to continue to be a challenging year and all year. While Im hopeful the second half may be better than the first, in this environment were going to be guarded with a consistent outlook of a challenging year.  As it relates to credit, we believe net charge off levels will remain elevated and that provision expense will continue to exceed net charge offs until we see the environment stabilizing and the economy improving. We also expect that net interest margin will remain under modest pressure. Deposit pricing is expected to remain aggressive in our markets which are among perhaps the most aggressive in the nation. I hope that at some point well see Midwest deposit rates return to a more rational level but, were not planning on this happening. With the economy in the weakened state, cost associated with servicing delinquent loans are expected to increases. So, so much for the negatives. On the positive side we expect to realize a meaningful benefit from our expense initiatives and as I said earlier, more details to follow. Weve continued to show success in growing core deposits and thats expected to continue. We also expect to continue to grow our customer base in terms of taking market share and to improve our share of wallet. Lastly, we expect to see growth in core revenue. All in all a year with both challenges and opportunities.  On Slide 28 shows key priorities for me in the next 90 days and as I stated at the outset we need to address the Franklin relationship as an investor concern and I hope weve done that today by articulating with you the basis for the decisions that have been made. But, we want to create opportunities and obviously share those opportunities with the shareholders in terms of value creating as we work with Franklin and restructure. My next priorities is to intensively review and access our lending and credit management areas. I need to understand this more fully to make certain our risk appetite is prudent and properly balanced in terms of risk and reward. I need to review the 2009 budget in light of the expense initiative as well as against the current economic conditions and the expectations articulated a minute ago.  Ill be working with the executive team to ensure were organized to drive results with accountability. Lastly, I want to meet with as many customers and associates, investors and analysts as possible over this 90 day period. So, its going to be a lot of fun, a lot of work and Im delighted to get started.  On Slide 29 it summarizes what I view as key investor and customer messages. As difficult and disappointing our fourth quarter results were, our actions have strengthened our financial foundation and position; a must in these uncertain times. This reflects substantially addressing the Franklin issue and significantly increasing our loan loss reserves thus, positioning us and giving us the flexibility to manage future credit challenges. The dividend action will permit us to allow more retained capital and the TARP capital is certainly supporting the needs of our customers and we plan to use it for that. Our regulatory capital position remains strong and our ability to serve existing customers and grow market share has never been better. As I said at the outset, challenging times create great opportunities. Lastly, our number one priority is to grow organically first and then seek opportunistic acquisitions. Thank you for your interest in Huntington. Operator, will you now open the line for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Matthew OConnor  UBS.
Matthew OConnor  UBS: It seems like you took a pretty big whack on Franklin here but as we think about the rest of the book I definitely would agree that the credit performance has held up better than most of the other banks out there. Obviously, the economy is very weak so there probably will be more pressure going forward but, how do you think about how meaningful reserves build could be looking in 2009?
Stephen D. Steinour : Matt, this is my first full week here and there are many, many areas I just havent had a chance to get the opportunity to dig in to. So, the truthful answer is I dont know. I dont have an expectation other than a belief that having intensively reviewed Franklin over the last five days with the various members of the credit team that I was impressed by their knowledge and I certainly before I came here took a lot of comfort in the track record I saw over the first three quarters. Again, I cant answer the question specifically but I do have some confidence about the organization and the quality of the book. 
Matthew OConnor  UBS: Im just trying to get a sense of what the organic capital build might be this year and I guess if we looked at what the stock is doing today combined with the capital ratio, the tangible common, its a little bit light here and the market is saying that you might need to raise capital or come up with kind of some other plans. You talked about building common capital, you talked about kind of everything being on the table so if you could provide I guess some more color on how this might play out in terms of addressing the capital ratio?
Donald R. Kimble : As far as our capital ratio again, we feel that our tier 1 and total capital ratios are very strong. If you looked at our combined tangible equity ratio its still very strong and we believe we have taken action to address the common with our dividend cut that weve taken this quarter. And, as Steve said, were taking other actions to make sure we can enhance the earnings going forward to make sure we can build that capital in the future as well.
Matthew OConnor  UBS: I asked the same question to one of the other Ohio banks today about being open to additional government assistance at this point and they seem to imply everything was kind of on the table so I wanted to ask you guys the same question.
Donald R. Kimble : Matt, as far as your question there of whether or not well be looking to the more TARP type of capital or other resources?
Matthew OConnor  UBS: Correct.
Donald R. Kimble : Well right now as we stand we are comfortable with our credit position. We dont know any additional terms as far as any additional programs that might be out there. Weve heard that they might be considering at some point in time purchasing assets in the future and as we get more details of any types of programs along those lines well have to evaluate that at that time but, were not right now contacting the Treasury or other parties to see what additional assistance might be available.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Dave Rochester  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey.
Dave Rochester  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Focusing on the credit trends can you talk about what industries and geographies drove the increase in C&I charge offs in the fourth quarter? It looked like growth in that segment really accelerated outside of Franklin.
Tim Barber : There really was not a pattern or a trend to that it was across the footprint. There were a couple of significant dollars, what I call significant dollars but the rest of it really was spread pretty much across our footprint. There were no industry trends or concentrations embedded in that.
Dave Rochester  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: Are you seeing more deterioration perhaps in the Sky portfolio versus the legacy Huntington portfolio with regard to C&I?
Tim Barber : We dont really at this point think a whole lot about the difference between the Sky and the legacy Huntington portfolio. Its been our books for 18 months now and our treatment at this point is the same so thats how were moving forward with that.
Dave Rochester  Friedman, Billings, Ramsey: I just want to make sure I understood your Franklin evaluation, in terms of the 40% haircut, how did you calculate the current value of the collateral? Was that just an appraisal situation where you just appraised all the collateral or did you use certain home price indices to get to that valuation?
Tim Barber : We specifically got a valuation on every one of the first mortgage properties. Thats how we got to the value side of things.
Stephen D. Steinour : In the fourth quarter.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Heather Wolf  Merrill Lynch.
Heather Wolf  Merrill Lynch: Just a quick follow up on the 60% value, is that adjusted for foreclosure costs and also discounts that you may have to take to sell out of foreclosure?
Tim Barber : Yes, Heather that 60% is a realizable value so that would be net cash to Franklin that would go directly to pay down the principal on our loans.
Donald R. Kimble : Keep in mind too Heather that does not include any value associated with seconds and as Tim said earlier thats receiving $5 to $6 million a month cash flow and that does not assign any value to the servicing platform as well which we continue to believe is a real value to the relationship as well.
Heather Wolf  Merrill Lynch: Can you help us think through how this cram down legislation could impact Franklin if it gets passed?
Tim Barber : Heather we dont know exactly whats going to come out but at 60% valuation off of current, as in fourth quarter individual asset valuations, we think were in a relatively reasonable zone here and we should be okay for almost anything you can think of coming out of cram down at this point. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus.
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: Just so we can read the glass correctly Tim, I recall the excess cash flows I think last quarter, third quarter on Franklin was like $13 million or so. Do you have a number that you can fill in on that slide?
Tim Barber : Are you talking about Slide 19?
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: Yes, the one thats just a chart that we cant read.
Michael Cross : I can help you with that. On a cumulative basis throughout the entire year its about $50 million including the fourth quarter [inaudible] that you see.
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: Tim, you also saw nearly a quadrupling link quarter I think in charge offs in the commercial real estate book and I just wonder if you can give us some color on that by segment retail versus industrial and some thoughts on the severity of risk classifications youre seeing there?
Tim Barber : Let me just make sure were on the same page regarding the increase in commercial real estate.
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: Charge offs on Slide 22, 11 to 38.
Tim Barber : Similar to my answer on the C&I side, it was across the regions. The commercial real estate portfolio was clearly concentrated in the single family builder segment of the portfolio. We continued to see the stress in that portfolio that weve seen and talked about over the course of the last two or three quarters.
Donald R. Kimble : The largest charge off there for the quarter Tim was a commercial real estate retail project that we had talked about before that was around $7 million?
Tim Barber : It was about $5 million and that was the property weve talked about in Indianapolis.
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: Nick is there, Id ask him a question too, on the indirect business I guess Nick what has happened to auction sale prices over the last quarter? And, can you give us some color on the watch list I guess in the dealer services portfolio too?
Nicholas G. Stanutz : Tony clearly with the dramatic decline in car sales that we saw in the fourth quarter, car sales rates at 25 year lows there clearly was just a lack of demand at the auction. If you look at the [inaudible] market index, that index fell from the beginning of the year to the end of the year by over 18 points and I think [Contose] and [Webb] and Manheim were reporting that for the fourth quarter car values were down 5%, 6% depending on which segment you were in.  I will tell you they also are reporting as recently as a week ago that they have seen a surprising increase in prices as weve entered the first 15 days of January. Whether that is sustainable or not remains to be seen but its been surprising that weve seen this spring rebound because dealers are clearly focused on selling used cars in this environment not new cars so there is some optimism there. 
Tony Davis  Stifel Nicolaus: Just one final thing to make sure  after this reorganization Franklin remains qualified as a servicer in all states and are you still hopefully that perhaps additional contract awards here from the FDIC or other banks might be in the offing?
Tim Barber : Youre referencing Franklin and the servicing platform and we do expect that to be the case.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer.
Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer: A question, in the press release you talked about getting these house account borrowers, I was wondering if you could talk about the window of opportunity? Is that a short window, do you expect more of those? Then in terms of the deposits, have you been getting deposits as part of these new relationships that are coming to Huntington?
Tim Barber : I think we believe the window is open and continues to open and the successes weve had in getting additional credit business the deposits have absolutely come with those relationships.
Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer: With regards to your outlook or just the elevated level of charge offs in provisionings, as you look at the five lending categories that you break out in the presentation today, is there any one or two categories thats really driving that statement or is it really a combination of all of them showing further deterioration.
Tim Barber : I think its a general combination of all of them however, we clearly as I tried to go through in the comments, feel relatively good about our auto business and our home equity business. But again, given the economy, given the stresses in our markets, it really is an across the portfolio discussion. 
Terry McEvoy  Oppenheimer: Then when do you conduct your annual goodwill impairment test? Have you taken any goodwill write downs related to the Sky Financial acquisition?
Donald R. Kimble : Our goodwill impairment test is conducted during the fourth quarter so we did complete that before we finalized the earnings and we have not taken any impairment charge on goodwill associated with Sky or any other acquisition.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Greg Ketron  Citigroup.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup: Just a question around Franklin, Im not sure how much detail or explanation you can go in to but it seems clear that if you could exit the Franklin relationship, mind the value of the servicing platform it might even provide some needed capital at the end of the day. Any thoughts or discussion or color you can provide around looking at Franklin and how you might be able to mine the value of the servicing platform or potentially pair back the size of the relationship?
Donald R. Kimble : The charge we took we believe gives us the flexibility to approach the portfolio from a number of different perspectives and there are ongoing restructuring conversations with Franklin which we would hope to conclude in the foreseeable future and around which we would hope to optimize the recoverable value from all aspects of the relationship. 
Greg Ketron  Citigroup: In regards to the servicing platform is that something that could be done separately and sold or acquired by somebody that would provide some additional value?
Donald R. Kimble : The nature of our relationship with Franklin I think has to be addressed first and there are more comprehensive conversations first and negotiations that have been occurring. If they are fruitful, that would potentially allow Franklin to be in a position to solicit third party business. I think as you know there is just enormous demand so that platform could grow very quickly and to a very significant extent. Thats part of how we focus on overall value in the relationship. But, there are no agreements or commitments at this point. The negotiations will continue but hopefully conclude in the foreseeable future.
Greg Ketron  Citigroup: So the way to think about it is more of an angle of leveraging the current platform, expanding that and generating additional proceeds in the future?
Donald R. Kimble : Yes.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Eric Connerly  Roco].
[Eric Connerly  Roco]: My question is about the auto loan segment, if as is being discussed in the press, one or more of the big three cut back their bottom quarter to a third of low volume dealerships, how significantly would that affect first your volumes of loans to floor plans and second to the indirect auto lending business?
Nicholas G. Stanutz : We tend to focus most of our originations with the larger dealer groups where youd have more scalability, you make that call at the dealership level, you can generate more loans than dealers obviously are selling very few cars. So, with less dealers being in the footprint we would suggest that the stronger dealers will obviously pick up that change in market share from being fewer dealers in the footprint.  From the wholesale side again, that inventory traditionally gets absorbed by the bigger dealer at the end of the day and of course dealers have been clearly cutting back inventory in light of the environment we are in and they will continue to focus less on new cars and more on used cars which is then the key to the success. The dealers that are making money clearly in this environment are the ones that are selling used cars without the new car demand being there. 
Tim Barber :  Id just add on to that, we dont really think that there is any direct connection between a reduction in manufacturing capacity and the performance of our indirect auto loan book. Well continue to originate to high quality borrowers, manage that as we have in the past. There may be fewer cars sold over the course of a given year but were going to attract our portion of that and its going to remain high quality.
Operator:  Your next question comes from [Vick Ye  Owl Creek Asset Management].
[Vick Ye  Owl Creek Asset Management]: My question relates to how you think the end game plays out in respect to TARP? I know cutting the dividend probably conserves a lot of cash but youre non-performing assets are rising even in your core business excluding Franklin and theres a lot of TARP money that you have your capital structure. Do you ultimately intend to repay that or is it probably going to remain outstanding? How do you see the long term sort of game plan in terms of rebuilding capital and sort of growing the capital base?
Stephen D. Steinour : The TARP capital cant be repaid for the first couple of three years and its 5% capital until the end of the fifth year. Weve seen severe cycles before, perhaps not quite as severe as this but 89 and 90 were very difficult for the industry and by 93 or 94 things were moving ahead quite nicely. So, I do believe in the span of the next five years the economy will be a lot different than it is today and that will put us in a position with a lot of different options to address repayment of the TARP in that original five year time frame.
[Vick Ye  Owl Creek Asset Management]: What is the right tangible common equity ratio that youre sort of targeting? And, is it something you can get there by just sort of earning your way back or is there some sort of capital raise that may be necessary?
Donald R. Kimble : Historically what weve focused on is our tangible equity ratio because weve included in that the convertible preferred issuance so that would add another 111 basis points to our tangible capital ratio. With that wed be in the 5% plus range and we would typically target something closer to the 6% or 6.25%. We will review that with Steve over time here as well and make sure we access that but we think we can earn back to that level with the reduction in dividend over time as well.
Operator:  This concludes the question and answer portion of todays call. Ill now turn the call back over the presenters for any closing remarks.
Jay Gould:  I appreciate all of you and your interest in Huntington. Thank you for participating today. We look forward to talking to you in the coming days and next quarter. Thank you.
Operator:  This concludes your conference call for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-16 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hoaglin - Chairman, President, and CEO Don Kimble - EVP and CFO Tim Barber - SVP of Credit Risk Management Nick Stanutz -SVP of Auto Finance and Dealer Services Jay Gould - Director of IR
Analysts: Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley Matthew O'Connor - UBS Edward Hemmelgarn Ryan Randall - Randall Capital
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Mindy and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington third quarter Earnings Call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Thank you. Mr. Gould, you may begin your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you, Mindy, and welcome, everyone. I'm Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington Bancshares. Topics of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our website Huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Please call the Investor Relations department at 614-480-5676 for more information on how to access these records, recordings for playback or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides. Slides 2 and 3 note several aspects of the days a basis of today's presentation. I encourage you to read these Let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe it's helpful to understanding Huntington's results of operations. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measure as well a the reconciliation can be found on the slide presentation in its appendix, in the press release, and in the quarterly financial review supplement to today's press release, all of which can also be found on our website. Today's discussion, including Q-and-A period may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to change, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC including our most recent Form 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K filings. Now, turning to todays presentation, as noted on slide five, participating today are Tom Hoaglin, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; Don Kimble, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Tim Barber, Senior Vice President of Credit Risk Management. Also present for the Q&A session is Nick Stanutz, Senior Executive Vice President of Auto Finance and Dealer Services. Lets get started. Tom?
Tom Hoaglin: Thank you Jerry and welcome everyone. Turning to slide 6, we are clearly in unprecedented times. The housing sector, the overall economy and the capital markets are all in turmoil. To say the least, uncertainties abound. So let me begin with some clear messages to our investors and customers about Huntington. First and foremost, we're making money. Granted that our earnings are lower than in more normal times, but we are profitable. Earnings are at a decent level and we expect this to continue. Second, our balance sheet is strong. Credit costs, as measured by net charge-offs and provision levels, are clearly elevated. In times like these that's to be expected, but even so, they're manageable and our loan loss reserve level was both increasing and sound. Our capital levels are strong. Our regulatory capital position is around $1 billion more than the well-capitalized regulatory thresholds.  Our capital ratios increased this quarter. Our tangible capital assets ratio is now back in our 6% to 6.25% targeted range. Our funding capacity is well-positioned. There's ample cash at the holding company level. We have a very manageable level of debt maturities at the bank level during the next 12 months, which we'll be able to handle without having to access the capital markets and we have no holding company debt maturities for several years. It's also important to note that our local bank and relationship-driven business model is proving to be a competitive advantage. Underlying activities are performing well, as Don will detail for you. More important is the fact that we know our markets and our customers well. In 2001, we rededicated ourselves to staying in our Midwest markets and to strengthening our customer relationships. Staying close to home helped us to avoid the temptation to chase growth outside in unfamiliar markets, that are having a disproportionate amount of difficulties these days. By focusing on developing and nurturing customer relationships, be they individuals or businesses, we have seen customers demonstrate their competency and loyalty to Huntington in these uncertain days. For example, this past quarter we grew core deposits at a 4% annualized rate. Their loyalty has been appreciated. They know we will continue to work with them through out these difficult times. Turning now to our review of the quarter, slide 7 outlines today's discussion. I'll begin with my usual overview of performance results. As we did last quarter, Tim Barber will follow with a review of credit trends and a detailed discussion of our key loan portfolio segments. Don will follow with an abbreviated earnings performance review and spend most of his time discussing our capital position and expectations. He will conclude with an update of our 2008 outlook. I'll close with summary comments followed by Q&A. Turning to slide 8, reported earnings were $0.28 per share, which benefited by a net $0.01 from significant items, which Don will detail for you. With regard to credit quality performance, it was basically as advertised in our last quarterly conference call. Net charge-offs were 82 basis points and consistent with our expectations that net charge-offs would rise in the second half of this year, following reserve increases in the first half of the year. Our allowance for credit losses increased 10 basis points to 1.90%. As expected, this was less than the 13 basis point increase in the second quarter. Non-accrual loans increased 10%, down from a 42% increase in the second quarter. And non-performing assets increased 5%. Commercial loans increased at a 4% annualized rate and while consumer loans declined at a 5% annualized rate, this mostly reflected the impact of second quarter mortgage loan sales. Our exposure to Franklin declined $36 billion, or 3%, as collateral cash flows continued to exceed that required by the 2007 fourth quarter restructuring. As I mentioned, core deposits increased at a 4% annualized rate. This reflected good growth in consumer core deposits, primarily core certificates of deposit. Our Tier 1 and total risk based capital ratios both increased and our tangible equity ratio is now 6%, back in the target range of 6 to 6.25. Expenses continued to be very well-controlled, primarily reflecting a decline in staff due to merger efficiencies, with our efficiency ratio now down in the low 50s range. Fee income performance was not as good as expected. Many fee-based activity levels declined given the economic environment and lower market valuations decreased the value of managed assets. But all in all, under the present circumstances a good quarter, with higher earnings per share than in the second quarter. I will let Don elaborate on these overview comments later in the presentation. Now let me call on Tim Barber to review our credit quality trends, individual performance, and portfolio performance. Tim?
Tim Barber: Thanks, Tom. I'm going to start with an update of our perspective on the Franklins credit relationship, given the announcement of one of our co-lenders yesterday.  Turning to slide 9, the Franklin credit relationship continued to perform as agreed. We are aware of the actions taken by one of the other participants in the credit, but believe that their actions nearly brought them more in line with our view of the collateral performance. We have been very upfront with our credit performance assumptions over the course of the past year and continue to watch the actual performance very closely on a real-time basis. Turning to slide 10, the monthly cash flow has been above the required debt service, allowing for accelerated principal paydowns of nearly $60 million for the first nine months of the year. As you can see, the absolute level of cash flow declined in the third quarter. Franklin has continued to actively work the portfolio as evidenced by the number of accounts moving into their modification status in the second quarter results. Given the current market dynamics, we fully expect the performance of the underlying collateral to continue to be negatively affected. But we remain convinced that the Franklin servicing platform is operating well, and we have appropriately sized the debt and reserves relative to anticipated collections. We remain comfortable that our credit assumptions regarding the overall portfolio performance are appropriately conservative. Let me review them quickly. As you recall, our probability of default assumptions of 70% for Tribeca and Franklin first, and 65% for Franklin second, remain conservative when compared with Franklin's actual performance. As recoveries in general and OREO net proceeds in particular make up a larger portion of total collections, it is important to note our recovery assumptions of only 10% for Franklin purchased second, 60% for Franklin purchased first and 90% for Tribeca originated loans. We continue to monitor cash flow closely but believe these recovery assumptions remain appropriate. As a reminder, we have charged off or forgiven $397 million and have an additional reserve of $115 million on our portion of the debt. Slide 11, provides an overview of our credit quality trend. Overall, the quarter was much as anticipated from a credit quality standpoint. First, as noted, the entire Franklin relationship continued to perform as agreed, and continues to accrue interest. Our non-accruing loan level increased 10% during the quarter, compared with a 42% increase in the second quarter. I'll provide additional detail on the non-accruing loan levels on a future slide. Our net charge-off ratio was consistent with our expectations for higher charge-offs in the second half of 2008 based on the reserve build in the first half. Again, I will provide some detail on a portfolio level basis later in the presentation. Our 90 plus past due and accruing levels were higher in the C&I and CRE portfolios. By definition, these commercial loans are either well-secured or in the process of collection, so significant additional non-accruals from these loans are not expected. Of the total 90 plus day past due level at September 30th, $20 million is no longer 90 days past due. On the consumer side there was a reduction for the second consecutive quarter in the home equity portfolio delinquencies. This is consistent with our belief that 2008 will represent the high water mark for losses in this portfolio. Indirect auto delinquencies were slightly higher, reflecting the seasonality inherent in the auto book. The residential mortgage portfolio delinquencies increased in the quarter after a decline in the second quarter. In the consumer segments, there is a high correlation between the 90 plus day past due level and charge-offs in future periods. These trends are consistent with our expectations for performance in the consumer segment. As Tom noted, the economic environment continues to be very difficult. But there are areas where we are pleased about the performance. As the environment has changed, we have continued to build our reserve levels appropriately, with our allowance for credit losses or ACL ending the quarter at 190 basis points. The non-accrual coverage ratio is now 134%, and we continue to view the reserve level as adequate. It is important to remember that as we identify new non-accruals, we conduct a formal impairment test that could result in either additional specific reserves or a write-down of the balance. A significant portion of the increase in the ACL has been a result of this impairment testing process. We are comfortable that we have taken appropriate action on the non-accruals. Slide 12 provides the detail associated with the increase in the non-accrual loan level. As you can see, the majority of the $51 million increase was centered in the C&I and CRE portfolios, with single family home builder accounting for $26 million or over half of the increase. Increase was a function of a number of small relationships, as only two were over $5 million. The activity was not centered in any one specific region, though it was a bit more concentrated in Northern Ohio. The residential real estate segment showed a modest increase in the quarter while the home equity levels declined slightly. Turning to the entire loan portfolio, Slide 13 details our portfolio distribution in annualized growth rate. The commercial real estate portfolio growth was centered in the Pittsburgh and Cincinnati and was not connected to single family home builders. The credit profiles of our new borrowers are strong reflecting the commitment to establishing relationship with the top commercial real estate developers in each region. There was growth in the retail segment, but the majority was centered in traditional income producing property types such as multifamily, office and warehouse. The growth in our auto loan portfolio has been a constant for us in 2008, and we remain committed to originating loans to prime borrowers. We did show growth in home equity loans as borrowers moved into the home equity line of credit products given the lower rates currently available. We have seen an increase in the number of borrowers using this product secured by a first mortgage. This segment of borrowers performed extremely well. We have seen only a small increase in funding on existing lines. The decline in residential mortgages reflected the significant loan sale we closed in the second quarter. As I did last quarter let me now address each individual portfolio from a credit quality standpoint in more detail. Turning to slide 14, regarding commercial real estate, the credit issues continue to be concentrated in the single family home builder segment. We remain comfortable with our full year forecast for net charge-offs of 60 to 70 basis points, and have actually reduced this targeted range based on actual year-to-date performance. Slide 15 and 16 provide additional detail on the single family home builder segment. Please note the granularity of the portfolio with only 15 projects over $10 million in outstanding. The performance of the portfolio does continue to show the negative impact of the continued difficult market. On slide 16 we show the five quarter trend of the primary asset quality metrics. Nearly two thirds of the increase in 30 plus delinquencies is associated with loans that have contractually matured, but where the renewal or rewriting process has not yet been completed. In this economic climate we are being very careful in the renewal decision process in order to assure an appropriate structure for the bank. As we have previously communicated, we are not in the business of extending additional credit from our interest reserves in order to prevent delinquencies. We do, however, work diligently with our borrowers to create structures that offer the bank additional security, while keeping the customers and/or projects in business. We have clearly increased the reserve associated with the portfolio and reaction to the changes, and anticipate further increases in the future. Slide 17 and 18 detail our exposure to the commercial real estate retail segment. The overall portfolio continues to perform well given the market. The increase in classified loans was spread among a number of projects unlike the first quarter change that was driven by one large credit. We did show an increase in outstanding, as existing commitments to high quality borrowers and projects continued [default]. Regarding the C&I portfolio, slide 19 shows this is a very granular portfolio. We have already discussed the increase in non-accrual loans, which you will recall was influenced by a small number of credits. The loan production was heavily concentrated in additional loans to existing customers as we continue to focus on serving our ideal Huntington client. Regarding the $1.6 billion shared national credit segment of our C&I portfolio, our credit quality metrics are substantially better than the industry level results announced last week by the office of the comptroller of the currency. This testifies to our commitment to quality underwriting and client selection. The OCC comment that the negative trend in shared national credit performance was a result of loans used to support highly leveraged merger and acquisition transactions originated in 2006 and 2007, that are characterized by weak underwriting standards, and does not apply to the Huntington shared national credit portfolio or the rest of our portfolio for that matter. Turning to slide 20, we continue to experience excellent origination trends in the first nine months of 2008 in our indirect auto portfolio. Given some recent announcement by others regarding the sector, we continue to want to clearly differentiate our portfolio performance and strategy from others in this business. As the portfolio performance changed over the course of 2007, we made adjustments to our underwriting processes and monitoring approach. We also increased our average FICO score and reduced the proportion of less than 670 borrowers. We also increased releases of our custom score card to further differentiate the risks even within the higher FICO score ranges. We have raised the full year net charge-off expectation slightly, primarily as a result of the auto lease portfolio, as our auto loan portfolio has continued to perform very close to expectations. Slide 21 provides an overview of our home equity loan portfolio. The first item to discuss is a change in our reported net charge-offs from the prior quarter. During the third quarter it was determined that some charge-offs classified in our other consumer portfolio were actually home equity losses. The results shown here reflect that reclassification. As a result, previously reported net charge-offs for other loans decreased, and those reported for home equity loans increased. This reclassification had no impact on the overall Huntington reported charge-offs. The reclassified first and second quarter results were 84 and 94 basis points respectively, compared with 85 basis points in the third quarter. Even with the reclassification, these levels remain materially better than the industry as a whole. The full year forecast has been changed only slightly to reflect the reclassification. Our view of the home equity portfolio performance is only marginally different today than at the end of last quarter. Our vintage analysis continues to indicate stable portfolio performance and our percentage of broker originations continues to decline. Slide 22 outlines the origination strategies we have employed over the years associated with residential mortgages. As it relates to performance comparisons with the industry I have presented them in order of importance. Our exposure is concentrated in our footprint, with the vast majority originated directly by a Huntington banker and using generally traditional product structures. We have heard this message in the past but it bears repeating, as we continue to believe that these decisions will continue to allow us to report better than industry credit quality results. Slide 23 provides some detail on the residential mortgage origination and performance. We continue to be comfortable with our full year loss estimates for the portfolio. The Alt-A segment represents 35% of expected full year 2008 losses. As we have noted, we no longer originate this product, and the balances are running off. The adjustable rate mortgage segment represents 70% of the total residential mortgage portfolio and has a current loss factor of less than 20 basis points. Slides 24 and 25 provide a summarized view of our first quarter and nine months, and updated 2008 full year net charge-off expectations by segment. That concludes the credit discussion. Let me turn the presentation over to Don who will discuss our first quarter financial performance.
Don Kimble: Thanks, Tim. Turning to slide 26, our reported net income was $115.2 million, or $0.28 per common share, for the quarter. These results were impacted by two significant items. First, we had $11.8 million, or $0.02 per share, of net market-related gains consisting of the following items: $21.4 million of gains from the extinguishment of debt as we discussed during our second quarter earnings call; $3.7million of equity investment gains; $1.9 million of positive impact from the revaluation of mortgage servicing rights, net of hedging. This was offset by $15.2 million of net losses from investment securities, which included $17.9 million of impairment on certain asset backed securities. Second, $3.7 million, or $0.01, deferred tax valuation allowance adjustment representing an increase to the previously established capital loss carry forward valuation allowance related to the Visa stock held by Huntington. In other words, our income tax expense went up by $3.7 million for this issue. Slide 27 provides a quick snapshot of the quarter's performance. As previously noted our net income was $0.28 per share. Our net interest margin was 3.29%, stable with the second quarter. This performance reflected better pricing on loan products, offset by more aggressive deposit [rising] in our region for this quarter. Average total commercial loans increased at a 4% annualized pace. This growth was comprised of new and increased loan facilities to existing borrowers. Average total consumer loans were down slightly from the prior period, reflecting the impact of the mortgage loan sale late in the second quarter. Average total core deposits were up at a 4% annualized rate, reflecting the growth in consumer time deposits, more than offsetting a reduction in certain non-relationship collateralized deposits. These collateralized deposits provide little incremental margin and letting them run off allowed us to reduce the corresponding in investment security balances. Our fee income performance during the quarter reflected the impact of financial markets in several key categories. Mortgage origination fee income was down about 42% due to lower origination activity. Market driven reductions and asset values also resulted in a 6% reduction in trust fees. Expense levels were down 2% from the second quarter after adjusting for operating lease expense, merger costs and the significant items noted before. This decrease resulted in an adjusted efficiency ratio of 53%, approaching our long-term target of 50% to 52%. As Tim noted earlier, our annualized net charge-off ratio was 82 basis points, bringing our year-to-date annualized net charge-off level to 65 basis points. We'll discuss our capital ratios in much more detail in a moment, but it's important to note that our Tier 1 total capital ratio of 8.9% and our total capital ratio of 12.1% were both up from June 30th levels. Slide 28 shows the trends in both the reported and adjusted efficiency ratios over the last seven quarters. The adjusted ratio excludes the impact of operating lease accounting and the impact of other items affecting comparability including merger costs. These adjustments are detailed in the appendix of our slide deck. The adjusted ratio is showing a very positive trend, decreasing from 59% to 53% over the last seven quarters, and clearly reflecting the benefit of the expense and revenue synergies from the Sky acquisition. This improvement was accomplished despite the impact of much higher collection costs and the impact of market volatility. Slide 29 provides a summary of many of the quarterly performance ratios. Most of these have been reviewed in more detail elsewhere, so let's move on. Slide 30 shows a snapshot of our asset backed investment security portfolio. The two components that have had the greatest market volatility are the Alt-A mortgage backed securities and the pool of trust preferred securities. This quarter we recognized $17.9 million of impairment on two of the 24 securities held in our Alt-A mortgage backed securities portfolio. Each quarter we analyze projected cash flows for all of these securities. This quarter our estimates projected an average principal cash flow shortfall of less than 3% for these two securities or about $1.6 million over the remaining life of these bonds. Yet with a 3% projected shortfall, we are required to deem the bonds to be impaired resulting in a mark-to-market impairment of almost $18 million. The difference between the $1.6 million shortfall and the $17.9 million impairment will be accreted in the income over time. Our full review of the pooled trust preferred portfolio indicated recovery of all principal, and accordingly no other than temporary impairment was recognized for this portion of the portfolio. We continue to monitor all these bonds very closely, using the assistance of third parties to validate our assessment. Slide 31 provides a review of our liquidity position. Our holding company has sufficient cash for operations. The only significant demand on that cash represents $60 million of common preferred dividends per quarter. We do not have any holding company debt maturities until 2013 and then it's only $50 million. We've also conservatively managed the liquidity position of our bank. An auto loan securitization and a mortgage loan sale freed up over $1.3 billion of liquidity late in the second quarter. These actions leave us with a very manageable $1 billion of national market maturities over the next 12 months. These maturities can be met through core deposit growth, FHLB advances and normal national market funding sources including broker deposits and auto loan securitization.  Like everyone else were in the process of evaluating the impact of the FDIC's temporary liquidity program. We estimate that about $800 million of our maturities qualify for consideration under the program, which would result in a potential issuance capacity of approximately $1 billion. Turning to slide 32, we provided a summary of our capital ratios for Huntington and peer banks. Since no peers had announced their third quarter Tier 1 and total capital ratios, we're showing the ratios as of June 30th as an initial benchmark. You can see that Huntington has the sixth highest Tier 1 and seventh highest total capital ratio with both being significantly higher than regulatory thresholds for well capitalized. Last quarter we provided a stress test scenario for our capital levels. Slide 33 provides an updated stress [scenario] summary based off September 30th positions. It is important that you understand the numbers shown on this slide are for analytical purposes only. We're not making any long-term forecast, nor should you consider any of these assumptions as guidance. This is a simple what-if analysis to test the sensitivity of our capital levels to various net charge-off scenarios only. With those caveats, this stress summary uses the following assumptions: 2% annualized asset growth, and an earnings base case level of $1.15 of EPS over the next four quarters. We chose this as it represents the most recent Street estimate for our 2009 EPS. An assumption that dividends are held constant at a current quarterly rate at a [13.25 cents] per share and there are no new capital issuances. A base case assumption that net charge-offs over the next 12 months average 82 basis points, an amount equal to third quarter performance. And no additional changes to our accumulated other comprehensive income. With these assumptions, the base case shows our Tier 1 capital ratio improving over the next four quarters by about 10 basis points per quarter or about 40 basis points over the next 12 months to about 9.3% from now. To stress this base case result we assumed our net charge-off ratio would double to a 164 basis points with our provision expense increasing by the amount of the change in net charge-offs or about $345 million pre-tax. Under this stressed scenario, our Tier 1 capital ratio remains relatively flat. Tripling that charge-offs to 246 basis points would result an additional pre-tax provision to 260 million dollars. Again, assuming no other changes to our dividend or additional capital issuance our Tier 1 capital ratio would decline by only 40 basis points to 8.5%, in line with the current peer averages and would remain significantly above the regulatory well capped capitalized thresholds. Projections for the tangible equity ratios are consistent with the result of the Tier 1 stress scenarios. Our tangible equity ratio increases by 40 basis points in the base case, is flat in the first stress scenario, and declines only 40 basis points in the severe stress scenario. This clearly reinforces our case that our capital levels and our dividend payout levels are well positioned for this period of stress in these financial markets. Turning to slide 34, we provided additional detail to help analyze our earnings guidance. As you know, when earnings guidance is given, it is our practice to do so on a GAAP basis unless otherwise noted. Such guidance includes the expected results of all significant forecasted activities. However, guidance typically excludes selected items where the timing or the financial impact is uncertain, until this impact can be reasonably forecast, and it excludes any unusual or one-time items as well. We are adjusting our 2008 earnings guidance to $1.12 to $1.16 per share. We anticipate the economic environment will continue to be negatively impacted by weaknesses in residential real estate markets and however interest rates may change we expect to maintain a relatively neutral interest rate risk position. Given this backdrop, here are our outlook comments. Revenue growth relatively stable with the third quarter level adjusted for some the items. This is expected to reflect a net interest margin flat with the third quarter level of 3.29%. Annualized average commercial loan growth in the low single-digit range with total consumer loans being down slightly. Core deposit growth in the mid single-digit range and non-interest expense being relatively stable. Also, non interest income is expected to be relatively stable with the third quarter level as well. Regarding credit quality performance, we anticipate a full year net charge-off ratio of approximately 70 to 75 basis points implying fourth quarter net charge-offs of between 90 and 110 basis points. We anticipate that the allowance for credit losses will also increase 5 to 10 basis points from its September 30th, 1.9% level. Again all this resulted in a targeted reported EPS for 2008 earnings of $1.12 to $1.16 per share. Tom?
Tom Hoaglin: Thanks Don. Before wrapping this up, there are two other issues to cover. First, effective with 2009 reporting, we're changing our earnings guidance practices. We will continue our practice of providing robust qualitative forward-looking comments regarding all the key earnings drivers. This includes such things as net interest margin, loan and deposit trends, fee income and expense growth expectations, credit quality trends, capital trends, the impact of changes in the economic environment and the like, but consistent with much of corporate America these days, we'll no longer provide specific earnings per share target. Second, I want to comment on recent government actions to stabilize the credit markets and assist banks. These actions include the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of which the $700 billion Troubled Asset Relief Program, or TARP, is the centerpiece. This week, further announcements were made including the plan to take equity interest in banks. The FDIC announced a temporary liquidity program, where it extended FDIC guarantees to certain unsecured senior debtor banks, as well as the safety deposits beyond the $250,000 threshold. So what are we to make of all this? First of all, we applaud these bold actions as we believe they will help address the challenges facing many banks and their customers. Given time they should be helpful in stabilizing the economy and markets by assisting banks with troubled assets and liquidity challenges. However, we don't know yet what impact if any of these actions will mean specifically for Huntington. It's simply too early to assess these until all of the regulations, rules, and mechanics of the plans have been defined. Any comments today would be speculation and could unintentionally set false expectations, but we can say definitely that, if there is a way these programs can provide long-term benefits for our shareholders, we will certainly give them serious consideration. We have covered a lot of ground in a short period of time, so, let me recap the key points. We feel very good about our underlying business performance. We are tracking new customers. Our net interest margin remains relatively stable. Loans and core deposits are growing and we continue to focus on controlling unnecessary spending and we remain satisfied with the performance of our loans to Franklin credit while remaining interested in eventually exiting the relationship. Our balance sheet is strong in all its aspects. This includes loan loss reserves, capital with our funding and liquidity position. Credit quality performance is a challenge. The prolonged downturn will keep pressure on us to build reserves, and it continues to move the needle up a bit on net charge-off expectations. But while the net charge-offs and provision are elevated, they're manageable. We continue to believe that actions we have taken over the last several years to reduce risk in our loan portfolios will result in our credit quality performance over this cycle comparing better relative to many of our peers.  Lastly, we expect 2008 will be a successful and profitable year with fourth quarter earnings targeted to be inline with third quarter performance. We remain as focused as ever on delivering results and convincing investors that our stock price today is far below its true value. Operator, we'll now open it up for discussion to questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ken Zerbe of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Thank you. First question is on Franklin. I was hoping you would review the cash flow trends a little bit there. Just in a little more detail. I saw the presentation. It does appear that they are still well above your, total cash flow expectations, but the difference does seem to be coming down quite sharply. At what point do you have to go back and re-evaluate this? If you could also just talk about the actual covenants that you have with Franklin because actually I thought I read through the covenants and it did not seem it was on a total cash flow basis but yet it was on, say, an interest coverage basis. Just if you could go into that, that would be great.
Tom Hoaglin: Ken, I am going to ask Tim Barber to respond to you.
Tim Barber: Ken, there are a lot of questions in there. The first one would be clearly the cash flow has declined over time. We are focused more on the relative stability over the last six months than comparing it to a year ago or even very early 2008 numbers. As the portfolio declines, the cash flow will also fall. We are also looking at the OREO segment or the recovery segment as a significant piece of future cash flows. That is not necessarily reflected in the current levels and that again is a function of the performance over time. They are focused on working the OREO properties or the defaulted properties through the system. So that is one of the reasons we continue to feel comfortable about the cash flows.
Tom Hoaglin : Just to interrupt, Tim for a minute here, what we are experiencing and I feel quite certain others around the country are and what Franklin is experiencing is a court system that is just engulfed in paperwork from lenders trying to gain control and sell properties. So there has been a bit of a slowdown in collections from OREO. That does not mean that the collections will not be achieved. It just has changed a bit, the timing of those over the last few months. Tim?
Tim Barber: Yes, I think that is fair and we were pleased to see the amount of OREO proceeds increase in the month of September relative to July and August within the third quarter. As it relates to the covenants in the agreement, the original covenant was an interest coverage ratio. The more current covenants reflect total cash collections versus debt service requirements. So when will we have to re-evaluate? We evaluate on an ongoing basis and are comfortable right now. Certainly if there was a material difference in performance going forward or we changed our projections going forward, we would have to re-evaluate the covenants under which the relationship operates.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Okay, so, just to be clear on that, so you have completely scrapped the interest coverage covenants and have moved purely to a total cash flow basis?
Tim Barber: The covenants are total cash flow. Obviously we continue to be focused on what the interest coverage is within that overall cash flow coverage.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Of course, okay. Then I just want to make sure I read this chart correctly that as of September 2008, the principle and interest that you were collecting, if we just look at principle and interest coming from Franklin, that was insufficient to meet their required principle and interest and expenses payments to you, but there they are making up the difference in cash flows by just selling their real estate? I mean, is that the right way to read that chart?
Tim Barber: Chart 10 represents the entire Franklin credit relationship. That does not represent Huntington's portion of it. So, the principle and interest collections were essentially exactly what the debt service coverage plus servicing costs was for the month of September.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then the last question I had, could you just comment a little bit about what might be the differences in your Franklin exposure versus M&I, you reported yesterday and I know, M&I actually wrote down its Franklin exposure during the quarter but you did not and I was curious, why the difference there?
Tom Hoaglin: Ken let me just say, this is Tom, do you think that M&I has done what we have done with this exposure in the past? So just harkening back to what Tim said earlier, we believe that our reserving position has been conservative from the outset and that you may see that in the light of catching up to where we have been. So please do not judge us based upon the actions of others. Tim?
Tim Barber: Yes, I cannot get to exactly what M&I did. I can say that we continue to believe that the way we are assessing the risks in the underlying collateral portfolio is conservative and we believe the reserve that we have established for our exposure is appropriate.
Ken Zerbe - Morgan Stanley:   Okay. That was very helpful. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matthew O'Connor UBS. Your line is open.
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Hi everyone.
Tom Hoaglin: Hi, Matt.
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Do you know or think that Huntington will be able to qualify for the treasury capital?
Tom Hoaglin: We will let you know on November 14th, Matt. That is the deadline for communication, as you might know, to the treasury with regard to participation. We are at present still trying to gather information about various programs and that is I think an accurate representation of the status from Huntington's viewpoint.
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Okay. Then assume that you are eligible; do you view at this point taking the capital as a sign of strength or weakness? I think there is a lot of debate over that?
Tom Hoaglin: Because there is a lot of debate on it, it would be great for us to update you on or about November the 14th. We are all going to learn a lot between now and then, I think.
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Fair enough. Maybe switching to a different topic here. A couple years ago you talked about tightening the underwriting standards in home equity and auto, and I think a lot of us, including myself, were doubtful that your home equity losses would level off, which they have done. Now, as we look out from a broader perspective, the economy seems like it is going to be a lot weaker than we would have thought just a few months ago. So what are you doing differently, say specifically, in the commercial and non-residential commercial real estate books?
Tim Barber: I think we are not doing anything differently today than we were not doing six to 12 months ago. We have continued to focus on top tier developers in the real estate world and that has gotten a lot of play publicly. We have essentially exactly the same commitment on the C&I side which is to deal with high quality customers.
Tom Hoaglin: I think, Tim, it is safe to say that our underwriting, for example, in the CRE world, was never the same underwriting that some wrote for conduit purposes. We have always been and continue to be much more conservative than that.
Tim Barber: Yes, I think that is a great point in the commercial real estate portfolio specifically. There were deals getting done at 1.05% times debt coverage. That is been something that Huntington just never engaged in. So I think we have always had a higher credit quality standard than the market in general. So, continuing that focus and sharpening that focus maybe in times of economic upheaval or economic distress is where Huntington is related to the commercial world.
Tom Hoaglin: By no means are we without blemish. Let's be perfectly clear about that. We certainly made some mistakes along the way but I really do believe that our fundamental approach to underwriting in the commercial environment stands pretty well as we move into this period of time.
Matthew O'Connor - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Tim Barber: Operator, can you disconnect that line? [AUDIO GAP]
Unidentified Analyst: Currently the regulators in some or all states may take a number of possible corrective actions in response to our noncompliance including license revocation and/or suspension, etcetera. I know you have filed an 8-K that made reference to this, but just wanted to see the status of that and make sure that all of that has been solved.
Tim Barber: This is Tim Barber. The status of that is that Franklin continues to operate in all of the states. That was a preliminary view from the company's standpoint a worst case scenario. That has proven to not be an issue for them.
Unidentified Analyst: So it is been fully resolved?
Tim Barber: Yes.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Edward Hemmelgarn, your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, I just wondered if you could maybe discuss a little bit of trends that you might be seeing or you might expect to see in net interest margins over the next 12 months, given the additions of liquidity that have been added and the steepening of the yield curve.
Don Kimble: Edward, this is Don. I can go ahead and take a first crack at that. I think with the improvement in the liquidity position, we are hoping that we will see some improved deposit pricing throughout our footprint and that is been one of the main reasons why we did not see a significant lift to our margin over the past quarter. So we are hoping to see as we said in our guidance stable margins. That would assume more of the same environment that we have been experiencing and any additional benefit from enhanced liquidity position should help to widen that spread.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Don Kimble: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ryan Randall of Randall Capital. Your line is open.
Ryan Randall - Randall Capital: That is okay, my question was answered.
Tom Hoaglin: Thanks Ryan.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)
Jay Gould: Okay, Operator, that there are no other questions. Well, thank you everybody for participating in todays call. Jack and I stand by to answer any follow-up questions that you may have. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Hoaglin - Chairman, President, and CEO Don Kimble - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Tim Barber - Senior Vice President of Credit Risk Management Jay Gould - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Mathew O Connor - UBS Scott Siefers Brian Foran  Goldman Sachs Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer & Co. Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus Bob Hughes - KBW Jeff Davis  FTN Midwest
Operator: I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington first quarter earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Gould, you may begin your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you Ashley and welcome everybody. I'm Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our website huntington.com and this call as usual is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about an hour from the close. Please call Investor Relations at 614-480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings or playback or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides. Slides two and three note several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read these. So let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe its helpful to understanding Huntingtons results of operations or financial position. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparable GAAP financial measure as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAP financial measure can be found in the slide presentation in its appendix and the press release and in the quarterly finance review supplement to yesterdays earnings press release, all of which are also on our website. Slide four, todays discussion including Q-and-A period may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions available at this time and are subject to change, risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion of the risks and uncertainties, please refer to this slide and materials filed with the SEC including our most recent Form 10-K and 8-K filings. Now, turning to todays presentation, as noted on slide five, participating today are Tom Hoaglin, Chairman, President, and CEO; Don Kimble, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Tim Barber, Senior Vice President of Credit Risk Management. Lets get started. Tom?
Thomas Hoaglin: Thank you Jay and welcome everyone. Before beginning the presentation, I want to explain why we reported earnings today rather than at our previously announced date next week. Over the last few weeks, our stock price has been under unusual negative pressures. We believe our performance this quarter was really pretty decent particularly given the increased softness in the overall and regional economies. So we wanted to get that information into the marketplace as soon as possible, hence our decision to announce earnings today. Now turning to slide six. I will begin with my usual assessment of first quarter events and performance. During this past quarter and given continued and some might argue increased economic uncertainties and market volatility, the issue of capital has become particularly topical. Yesterday we announced a 50% dividend reduction, not as a result of major credit challenges but rather to facilitate the issuance of capital. So, in addition to my usual assessment of first quarter results, I will comment on this decision and our views on capital. The next topic will be credit quality. As such, Tim will follow me and spend some additional time this morning reviewing this for you. Don will then review the quarters financial performance and our 2008 outlook and I will return with summary comments followed by Q-and-A. So let's get started. Turning to slide seven. Reported earnings were $0.35 per share. This included a net recent positive impact from significant items which Don will detail for you. Credit quality performance was basically as advertised. Net charge-offs were 48 basis points, well below our full year estimate of 60 to 65 basis points which by the way remains unchanged. Non-accrual loans increased 18%, mostly in the middle market commercial real estate and middle market C&I portfolio. Non-performing assets increased 1%. Given the environment, we built the absolute and relative level of our reserves with a provision that exceeded net charge-offs by $40.2 million. This was expected as our reserve methodology is designed to build reserves in anticipation of net charge-offs based on changes in the underlying current and anticipated creditworthiness of our borrowers. Since the 2007 fourth quarter restructuring of our lending relationship with Franklin Credit Management Corporation, there has been a lot of speculation about how this credit would perform going forward. While one quarter does not make a trend, we are clearly off to a good start. There were no Franklin related net charge-offs or provision for credit losses in the quarter. Our exposure declined by $30 million or 3%. As you know, as restructured, this relationship is more one of cash flow lending than collateral lending. Generating sufficient cash flow to support the debt is perhaps the issue of greatest investor significance regarding the performance of this lending relationship. As such and as Tim will detail, we are very pleased with the restructuring as having the desired effect. During the quarter, cash flow substantially exceeded that required for terms of the restructuring and in fact widened a bit more each successive month. We know investor comfort with this credit will take time, but we are off to a good start. The last item Ive noted in my summary of our performance is that the net interest margin compressed more than anticipated. That was the primary reason underlying earnings came in slightly below our expectations. The reductions in interest rates in this past quarter both in magnitude and speed were unprecedented. Given the asset sensitive nature of our balance sheet in the short run, there was little we could do to minimize the margin squeeze. There our margin declined only 3 basis points. The quarters margin of 3.23% was almost 10 basis points less than our expectations at the time of last quarters call. And then we saw a good loan and deposit growth, the absolute level of net interest income nevertheless declined. I will let Don fill you in on the rest of the quarters financial performance details later in the presentation. Turning to slide eight, let me provide our views on capital, why we cut the dividend and summarize our 2008 outlook. Throughout the quarter, we saw increased economic and market uncertainty. There seem to be more negative news emerging every week and economic and market uncertainty skyrocketing. As a result, conserving capital took on new importance. As discussed on last quarters call, we anticipated issuing $250 million to $300 million or more of capital securities and we noted our intention that any issuance would be in the form of non-diluted securities. Unfortunately, the increased market uncertainty which was especially in the financial services issuers, made issuing such securities costs prohibited. We now anticipate issuing $500 million of capital in the form of convertible preferred securities. To accelerate the building of capital and lower the cost of issuing such convertible securities, the board announced yesterday a 50% reduction in our common stock dividend to $13.25 per share from $26.5 per share effective with the July 1 dividend payment. We know this is painful for our shareholders. Even though we believe that our revised targeted level of 2008 earnings which I will cover in a moment to continue to support our previous dividend level the uncertainties of the current environment demand that we proceed cautiously and conservatively with capital. We look forward to resuming dividend increases if the market stabilizes and our performance improves. This dividend reduction is a prudent decision to make in these times. Today we are reducing our 2008 full year earnings estimate to a $1.45 to $1.50 per share. This decline from our prior guidance primarily reflects about several factors. First, the fact that first quarter earnings came in a bit lower than expected. Second, a higher provision expense. Third, a lower net interest margin that assumed in our previous guidance but mostly the estimated dilutive impact of a planned capital issuance as noted earlier which we expect to be issued during the second quarter. With those initial comments let me turn the presentation over to Tim to talk about credit performance and trends.
Tim Barber : Thanks Tom. I would like to start with some additional discussion on the Franklin Credit relationship. As Tom noted earlier, the Franklin relationship performance was consistent with our expectations associated with the negotiated restructuring. Cash flows substantially exceeded the required debt payment and the loans continued to perform with interest accruing. The overall bank group debt was reduced by $50 million in the quarter with the Huntington debt reduced by $30 million. Certain provisions that being negotiated restructuring provides for a more rapid amortization on a certain participants portion of the debt. These provisions are expected to be satisfied early in the third quarter at which point all of the restructured debt thereafter will be repaid on a pro rata basis allowing the Huntington portion of the debt to begin to amortize more rapidly in the second half of the year. The restructured interest coverage governance was set at 1.25 times for the entire bank group debt based on a one month LIBOR rate of 4.5% with an average spread of 238. The bank group participated in an interest rate swap to Franklin under which the current interest rate on a significant portion of their debt has been locked at a level that at current market rates provides them approximately $25 million in lower interests cost this year. Franklin in conjunction with the bank group is currently in the process of implementing a similar structure for an additional portion of the debt. These interest rate actions provide protection against rising interest rates in the future. As seen graphically on slide 9 Franklin generated cash flow at a consistent level over the course of the quarter. The principal and interest components have been relatively stable in each of the last three months. The principal repayment in particular has stabilized despite the continuing lack of available credit in the markets for sub prime and Alt-A borrowers. The OREO net proceeds show an upward trend as the pace of sales has increased in each of the last three months. I have noticed the fact that the cash flow generated on defaulted receivables for Huntingtons definition of a 120 days past due contractually exceeded our expectations. This is generally a result of recency payments which we view as one of the indicators of continued solid servicing capabilities. Our original credit assumptions contemplated a lower level of recency payments than are currently being generated. The sales of OREO properties are generating proceeds consistent with our expectations. Based on our ongoing assessment of the relationship Huntington continues to maintain a reserve of $115 million or 10% associated with the Franklin exposure. When viewed in the context of the trenches setup as part of the restructuring the reversed level represents 33% of trench B. Given our expectation of the orderly repayment of trench A over the next 4 to 5 years the coverage ratio associated with only trench B is more meaningful when assessing the adequacy of the reserve. As is our customary practice we will continue to evaluate the adequacy of the reserve quarterly. Regarding the performance of the underlying collateral please refer to the Franklin credit management Corporation 10K report. Subsequent performance metrics over the course of the first quarter were consistent with our expectations for performance. Like all the earlier discussions around cash flow generated from borrowers over 120 days delinquent contractually. In summary the cash flows being generated by Franklin are more than sufficient to meet the debt service requirement. The loans are paying as agreed with all covenants met and the performance of Franklin servicing group continues to meet our expectations. In addition Franklin is actively pursuing ancillary servicing opportunities that could provide additional cash flow sources in the future. I want to use the next few slides to highlight credit quality trends and metrics as well as provide comments on some of the key portfolios. Slide 10 provides a high level review of some key credit quality performance trends. It is important to emphasize that from a regulatory reporting standpoint, Franklin is categorized as a performing loan. It is accruing interest like any other commercial loan. The performing status as a result of the positive repayment capabilities associated with the restructure. In contrast for GAAP external reporting Franklin is categorized as a troubled debt restructuring and classified as part of non performing assets. This resulted in the significant increase in our reported non performing assets in the fourth quarter even though these loans are accruing interests. As shown here our reported NPA ratio declined slightly to 4.08% and our net charge off ratio with 48 basis points. Due to the significant impact of both Franklin and the health for sale portfolio which are classified as non performing assets, we believe non accruing loan metrics provide better tracking of underlying trends and problem assets. As shown on the second line of this table our no accruing loan ratio with 92 basis points up from 80 basis points from the fourth quarter. This increase was driven primarily by activity in the middle market C&I and commercial real estate segment. Our total net charge off ratio of 48 basis points was substantially below our full year expectation of 60 to 65 basis points. The middle market C NI and middle market CRE portfolio net charge offs were significantly lower than the full year expectations. In contrast the total consumer portfolio net charge offs were generally higher than expectations. We overdraft each of the portfolio first quarter performance compare with our 2008 folio targets on upcoming slides. In a moment on slide 11 you will see that the increase in non accruing loans was primarily concentrated in the middle market, commercial real estate and middle market CNI portfolios. The middle market commercial real estate increase was driven by continued activity in the single family home builder portfolio which I will specifically address shortly. The residential mortgage results reflected increase in delinquency rates while the middle market CNI increase primarily related to smaller borrowers generally in the $1 million to $2 million exposure range with no particular geographic concentration. As shown at the bottom of slide 10, both the allowance for loan and lease losses and the allowance for credit loss ratios have increased as a percentage of related out standings to 153 basis points and 167 basis points respectively. The decline in the non-accruing loan coverage ratio is a function of newly identified non-accruals not require any increases to the existing reserve calculations. The vast majority of the new non-accruals had previously been identified as sub-standard loans with an appropriate allowance or size. Despite the decline from the prior period levels, we believe that these coverage ratios continue to represent adequate levels of reserves. Slide 11 details our non-accruing loans and shows the other categories that add up to the total non-performing asset levels.
 : The level of classified loans increased by $43 million in the quarter to $210 million or 12 .4% of the portfolio. The non-performing asset level also increased over the quarter to $78 million or 4.6%. The reserves held against the portfolio increased to 3.9%. Given the aggressive write-downs associated with loans in the non-performing asset category, the current reserve level is adequate given our expectations for 2008. For 2008, we are expecting single family homebuilder losses to be in the 150 basis point range. It is important to note that we expect the residential developer market to continue to be depressed and anticipate continued pressure on the single family homebuilder segment in the coming months.
 : I want to use slides 14 through 16 to review our exposure to residential secured loans, industry segments of keen investor interest and concern. Slide 14 summarizes our residential mortgage portfolio. We were pleased that the first quarter net charge-off ratio remained below our expected full year targeted range. The segments of our portfolio defined as nontraditional mortgages include Alt-A and interest-only products. We have never originated any payment option ARMs. Our Alt-A exposure continues to decline and our interest-only products continue to perform well. Our exposure to ARM reset risk is mitigated by our updated bureau score distribution and the fact that we service our own portfolio. We have a proactive call-in effort to ensure that all of our borrowers are aware of the impact of the upcoming result and last mitigation strategies are helping us to dispose with payment difficulties. Turning to the home equity lending portfolio as shown on slide 15, the net charge off ratio 80 basis points was higher than our 2008 forecast of 65 to 75 basis points. First quarter performance included a substantial amount of break downs based on our conservative valuation assumptions associated with delinquent borrowers. The housing market in our foot print remains stressed with relatively lower sales activity. This was the driving force behind our higher levels of net charge offs in the first quarter. We continue to be comfortable that our policies and practices have positively differentiated us from the industry in this segment and believe our home equity net charge offs will peak this year and compare well to overall expected industry performance. As we have discussed in past presentations our decision to eliminate broker originated home equity loans beginning in 2005 is a major reason for our more positive view compared to what we are hearing to be general industry trends. Slide 16 represents our home equity vintage charge which you saw it for the time last quarter. As stated then our vintage performance continues to be within fairly narrow bands and the more recent vintages showing better results than the older vintages. Slide 17 and 18 detail our expected net charge off outlook by portfolio. Our overall expectation of 60 to 65 basis points remains unchanged but we have fine tuned some of the individual portfolios assets. We reduced the middle market commercial real estate outlook by 10 basis point based on our first quarter performance and a detailed review of the rest of the portfolio. The business banking outlook range was increased by 10 basis points reflecting an increased level of strakes in our smaller dollar segments. A higher than anticipated first quarter results in this segment was driven by activity in the under $100,000.00 aggregate exposure segment. We have implemented a number of steps to improve our ongoing management of these borrowers and to enhance our under writing processes. The auto loan and lease portfolio of first quarter results was higher than expected. However during the quarter we saw good improvement in the 60 days and over delinquency buckets compared to the fourth quarter of 2007. A 20% decline as of March 31, with a declining trend allow us to remain comfortable with the full year outlook. In sum even though our first quarter performances in some segments exceeded our full year targeted range, performance was below expectations in other segments and for other segments was within our targeted range. On balance we believe these will net out over the course of 2008 and remain comfortable with our full year targeted range of 60 to 65 basis points. That concludes that credit discussions. Let me turn the presentation over to Don who will discuss our first quarter financial performance.
Don Kimble : Thanks Tim turning to slide 19 our reported net income was a $127.1 million or $0.35 per common share for the quarter. These results were impacted by 5 to a given high of first the aggregate impact of $37.5 million or $0.07 per share from the Visa IPO. This included $25.1 million of gain resulting from the proceeds of the IPO and $12.4 million from the reversals of about half the indemnification reserve established in the fourth quarter. You can get todays market price for visa. We got approximately $44 million of unrecognized value in visa stocks and a $12.4 million reserve for future identification. Second a $11.1 million or $0.03 per share income tax benefit due to the reduction of the previously established capital loss carry forward valuation allowance which is also a result of the Visa IPO. Third, we had $20 million or $0.04 per share of net market related losses consisting of three items; $18.8 million of negative impact from the revaluation of mortgage servicing rights net of hedging. This past quarter experienced extreme levels of volatility in the mortgage market including the significant expansion of credit spreads. This volatility significantly increase the negative impact of holding mortgage servicing rights. Since the end of the quarter and going forward, we had engaged a third-party to provide the valuation, analytical tools and insight or additional insight for our MSR hedging strategies. We also had $2.7 million of equity investment losses which were offset by $1.4 million of net security gains. Fourth, we had $11 million or $0.02 per share of asset impairment including a $5.9 million write-off of a venture capital investment in Skybus Airlines, a Columbus, Ohio-based discount airline that filed for bankruptcy in early April. Lastly, $7.1 million or $0.01 per share of merger costs. Slide 20 provides a quick snapshot of the quarters performance. As previously noted, our reported net income was $0.35 per share. Our net interest margin was 3.23%, down 3 basis points. We will cover this in more detail later. Average total commercial loans increased at a 6% annualized base and average total consumer loans were down slightly from the prior period. Average total core deposits were also down slightly reflecting seasonal productions in the commercial non-interest bearing balances. We had mixed the income performance during the quarter as mortgage insurance fees were up 21% including the seasonal increase in insurance revenues. Mortgage origination income increased due to significant tick-up in the refinance activity reflecting low market interest rates. Deposit and service charge income reflected the normal seasonally downward trend and trust income was also down slightly due to lower market value of managed assets. Expense levels were up slightly from the fourth quarter after adjusting for merger costs and the significant items noted before. This increase was related to seasonally higher employment taxes, occupancy costs due to snow removal utilities and automobile operating leases and oil losses. These increases were partially offset by the fact we have now realized 100% of our targeted $115 million of annualized expense efficiencies related to the Sky Financial acquisition. As Tim noted earlier, our charge-off ratio of 48 basis points was below our full year expectation of 65 basis points. Our Tier 1 and total risk-based capital ratios increased slightly to 7.55% and 10.86% respectively despite a $500 million increase in our risk-weighted assets. Slide 21 provides a summary of many of the quarterly performance ratios. Most leads will be reviewed in more detail later, so let's move on. Slide 22 and 23 include trends for both revenues and expenses. For comparisons with the first quarter 2007, we provided an adjustment for the merger related impact of the acquisition of Sky Financial. Starting with revenues on slide 22, non-merger related net interest income was down from the previous quarter and from year ago quarter. These declines reflected the impact our lower net interest margin resulting from declining interest rates and from the impact of the Franklin credit restructuring; more on this later. Non-merger related fee income was up nicely over the previous year with good growth in deposit service charges, brokerage and insurance revenues and other service charge income. The changes in mortgage and other income categories reflected the impact of the significant items noted earlier including the net loss on hedging of MSR positions and the gain resulting from the Visa IPO. The linked quarter non-interest income comparisons reflected the normal seasonal declines for deposit of service charges as well as the impact of the significant items noted before. Expense trends on slide 23 are also adjusted for the merger related impact of Sky Financial acquisition in the year-over-year comparison and for the impact of merger costs and both the year-over-year and linked quarter comparisons. Both periods show that non-merger related expenses decline on both a year-over-year basis and a linked quarter basis. Looking at the linked quarter change, non-merger related non-interest expense was down $31.7 million. The significant items in both periods impacted most of this change including the Visa indemnification charge in the prior quarter and the third quarters of partial reversal of that charge. These significant items reduced the linked quarter expenses about $41.1 million. Offsetting this reduction, the $5.4 million in seasonally higher employment taxes, a $4 million increase in snow removal and utilities expense, $2.6 million in growth and automobile operating lease expenses, and $1.5 million in higher oil expenses. Adjusting for these items, our non-merger related non-interest expense would have declined over $4 million. This decline was largely a result of the full realization of the merger expense efficiencies from the Sky Financial merger. We remain focused on expenses and are still identifying additional expense opportunities and are targeting lower levels of expense for the rest of the year. Turning to slide 24, we have provided a summary of the loan trends. Looking at the linked quarter trends, loan balances increased an annualized 3% driven by growth in commercial loans. Contributing to growth was an increase in the middle market commercial real estate loans reflecting permanent funding in the retail, warehouse and multifamily segments. It was not related to increases in the single family homebuilder segment for funding of interest on existing construction loans. The growth in middle market C&I was comprised primarily of new or increased loan facilities to existing borrowers. Consumer loans were relatively stable at the prior period of reflecting good growth in automobile loans offset by continued declines in auto leases and residential real estate loans. Comparisons with the first quarter 2007 were impacted by the acquisition of Sky Financial. Slide 25 provides the trend for our deposit balances. Again, focusing on the linked quarter change, our deposit balances were up slightly with core deposits down slightly. The core deposit decline was due to the seasonal decline in non-interest bearing deposit accounts. These increase in other deposits primarily came from customer relationships as brokered deposits were up relatively stable with the prior quarter. Turning to slide 26. During the quarter, our net interest margin came down by 3 basis points to 3.23%. This decline reflected the impact of three primary items; first, the fourth quarter included a 15 basis point hit from the non-accrual impact of the Franklin loans while they were being restructured. Second, as a result of the restructuring of the Franklin credit relationship, we had a $400 million lower commercial loan balance and are no longer accreting a purchase accounting discount into income. This had a permanent negative impact of 10 basis points for the quarter. Finally, we were asset sensitive going into the quarter and the relative cost of national market funding increased significantly. These two issues negatively impacted our margin by 9 basis points. During the quarter, we added $2.5 billion of interest rate swaps to mitigate the impact of winning further rate cuts. Our investment portfolio summary is provided on slide 27. $4.3 billion portfolio consists mainly of $2.2 billion of mortgage backed securities primarily agency securities and AAA rated sub-prime CMOs. It was at $751 million of asset backed securities including $502 million of AAA rated Alt-A mortgage backed assets, $247 million full trust preferred securities, and less than $3 million of net interest margin bonds which were the primary source of our impairment charges. We also had $716 million of municipal bonds. Late in the quarter, credits spreads increased significantly on our prime CMOs in our asset backed portfolios. This increase resulted in a reduction in the market value of our portfolio of $125 million. We have reviewed the investments with a third party to verify conclusion of market decline were not reflected at lower expected future cash flows from the securities and are therefore not permanently impaired. However these prices were used to value the portfolio and resulted in a $70 million after-tax reduction to other comprehensive income from our component of equity. Slide 28 show the trends in our capital ratios. Our risk-based capital ratio increased slightly from the end of the prior quarter reflecting the benefit of the earnings retained during the quarter partially offset by increase in our risk-weighted assets. Our tangible equity ratio declined by 16 basis points during the quarter. 14 basis points of this change is related to the $70 million after-tax impact on the lower security values mentioned earlier. Slide 29 provides additional color on our capital position; first, with our announced dividend reduction and as compared with our revised $1.45 to $1.50 earnings per share target, our run rate payout ratio is expected to decline to 35% to 37%. This is appropriate given the current environment and our need to build capital given the uncertain economic environments. Internal general capital generation rate grew to 5% to 6%. Shown next are regulatory capital ratios. Each regulatory capital ratio was well above the regulatory defined well capitalized levels. Finally, our planned $500 million capital issuance is expected to increase these capital ratios by approximately 100 basis points. Turning to slide 30, we provided additional detail to help you analyze our earning guidance. As you now, when earnings guidance is given, it is our practice to do so on a GAAP basis unless otherwise noted. Such guidance include the expected results of all significant forecasted activities. However, guidance typically excludes selected items with the timing and the financial impact is uncertain until the impact can be reasonably forecast and it excludes any unusual or one-time items as well. We are adjusting our 2008 earnings guidance to $1.45 to $1.50 per share. We anticipate that the economic environment will continue to be negatively impacted by weaknesses in residential real estate market. It continues to be our expectation that any impacts will be upgraded among our borrowers in our Eastern Michigan and Northern Ohio markets. And however interest rates may change, we expect to maintain a relatively neutral interest rate risk position. Given this backdrop, here are our outlook comments. A full year net interest margin of around 320, full year average total loan growth in the mid and the low-single-digit range offers 2007 fourth quarter level with average commercial loan growth in the mid-single-digit range and average total consumer loans being relatively flat, reflecting continued softness in the residential mortgage and home equity loan growth. Full year average core deposit growth in the low-single digit range off to 2007 fourth quarter level. Full year non-interest income growth in low-single-digit range from the annualized 2008 first quarter level adjusted for seasonal performance and the significant items noted on slide 19. Full year non-interest expense level that is flat to down from the annualized 2008 first quarter non-interest expense level, again adjusted for seasonal performance and other significant items. Regarding credit quality performance, we anticipate full year next charge-offs to be in a 60 to 65 basis point range. Non-accrual loans on an absolute and relative basis are expected to increase modestly. Lastly, we anticipate moderate increases from the long unreserved ratio from 1.53% level at March 31 through June 30 with modest increases thereafter throughout the end of the year. When considering our earning guidance keep in mind the seasonal impact of the various income statement items including our net interest income was down at about $4 million lower in the first quarter due to the day count. Our deposit service charges were $9 million lower due to seasonality and expenses were $9 million higher due to certain seasonal impacts including employment taxes and occupancy costs. Also our outlook for provision expense would assume modest to quarterly increases in the allowance throughout the year and not the $40 million increase recorded in the first quarter. Regarding capital, we are assuming the capital insurance mentioned earlier and we are also assuming no share repurchase activity. Again all this resulted in a targeted reported EPS for 2008 earning of $1.45 to $1.50 per share. Let me turn the presentation back over to Tom.
Tom Hoaglin : Thanks Don we have covered a lot of ground in a short period of time, so let me recap the key points that we feel are important that are investors understand. Reported earnings of $0.35 per share included a net positive impact of $0.03 from significant items with underlying earnings therefore coming in just below expectations, mostly due to higher provision from credit losses and margin depression. Second, we feel pretty good about our credit performance and the end prospects. Not a great deal has changed in our outlook after 3 months of actual results and a thorough look ahead through the remainder of 2008. Third our Franklin relationship is doing just fine. We think that will continue to be the case. Fourth our primary businesses are performing well. Lower deposit growth was reasonable as well as our fee income expense performance after having consideration to seasonal factors that generally lowered fees and raised expenses. Going forward and consistent with our view at the beginning of the year we are not assuming any relief from the economic environment for the foreseeable of our future. This is going to be a tough year. Given this environment the dividend reduction was a hard but correct we feel decision. Our reduced earnings estimate of $1.45 to $1.50 per share reflects the first quarters performance and assumes continued margin pressure, higher provision expense and a negative impact from a planned issuance of diluted capital securities. We know this new targeted range is above the current analysts consensus. Never-the-less the primary assumption difference between our outlook and that of analysts seems to be in the area of credit quality performance expectations. Analysts are generally more bearish, never-the-less we firmly believe in our assumptions. Lastly, we remain focused on delivery results rebuilding value for our shareholders. As I stated 3 months ago we know only by delivering results we will regain credibility with investors. Through hard work and focus on performance we are up to the task. Operator we are ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from the line of Mathew OConnor with UBS.
Mathew O Connor - UBS : Two questions; first Don you mentioned on the expense management side that our expense was a trend down from here and you are looking for other ways to reduce costs. I just wondered if you could size that up. Youve -- I think done on a pretty good job managing expenses so far and I am just wondering how much less there is.
Don Kimble: Yeah, that we believe that our core level expenses, average making items in the first quarter of about $370 million that includes about $9 million worth of what we term to be seasonal issues associated employment taxes and seasonal snow removal. So we are assuming that that adjusted levels of expenses will be relatively flat to slightly down from that. We are continuing to focus on areas for additional efficiency improvements and taking a look a look at where our various components compared to either peers within Huntington or outside of Huntington and then continue to push on those opportunities.
Tom Hoaglin: Let met just talk, let me just say that we as a team recognize when revenues are under pressure and when charge-offs, credit costs in general are elevated, expenses need to cut down. So we are highly motivated inside the organization turning over all kinds of rocks. We have no interest in interfering with our ability to execute against our business model of a local bank with national resources and local decisioning for a value proposition of service and excellence, but given that there are still a lot of expense that the team understands can be taken out and we are squarely focused on accomplishing that and thats built into our earnings forecast for the balance of the year.
Mathew O Connor - UBS : Okay, thats helpful. And then Tom, just a separate question here. They often get asked with respect to franchise value. I have spoken to two of your competitors in recent months here regarding your franchise that they do view as being very valuable and I'm just wondering how you think about things in light of the capital raise, dividend cuts, just more difficult environment overall. You are more open to consolidation now than in the past.
Tom Hoaglin: Its always nice to know that others share our point of view about the value of the franchise. So we appreciate the feedback there. Just as a reminder, while we certainly -- while we are quite comfortable with our own outlook for the rest of the year, we are nervous about what the future looks like on a macro basis, how much worse do the debt markets get or how long will they be in turmoil, how bad will the economic downturn be, etcetera. We have none of us has ever lived through any of these. So we are just trying to be as cautious as we can which brought us to the capital raise position. As it relates to the future, our feeling continues to be, we as a team has to demonstrate to our shareholders who certainly have not been extraordinarily rewarded to date that we were able to execute well and deliver value for them. We believe thats going to be the case. We believe that the first quarter and our outlook for the rest of the year in contrast to the experience of others would indicate that to be the case and we recognize people have to see the results before they buy into that. In the event that we are not able to execute against that, then we have to consider a wide variety of alternatives because our commitment is to shareholders. But we believe we are on the right track. We believe that there are better days ahead and we believe that the conviction we had underlying the purchase of Sky will remain, and that is we have got a slow growth market and value could be created for shareholders by combining, taking cost down and answering customer convenience rather than going to other parts of the country. So we hope to -- once this stage of the credit cycle passes to continue on that path.
Mathew O Connor  UBS: Okay thank you,
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Scott Siefers.
Scott Siefers: Just had couple of questions on capital levels. What is -- I know you guys have a historical look at the annual common equity ratio. What -- I guess following the capital raise are the numbers that you are going to be looking at most heavily internally, regulatory ratios aside, where would this put you relative to those numbers and then I guess just in terms of the size of the capital raise I know it was much larger than you had suggested a couple of months ago, but by the same token I guess what led you to believe that the $500 million was the appropriate number I guess why not may be go up a little more than that even.
Tom Hoaglin : Scott this Tom. Let me handle the last part of your question and then well pass it on to being involved with the first part. I dont know that there is a science aspect of this. We just have been so frustrated about our inability to access markets for non-dilutive securities even at lower amounts and we felt like we were faced with the choice. We could issue this kind of security now where there is a demand we believe and end up having too much capital down the road if there arent -- if conditions improve or we could wait and not do it and then hope that the markets open up for non-dilutive capital later and hope that we are able to access when the needs arise and we had felt that the far lesser risk was to move forward today. As far as the amount is concerned I mean we are trying very much to balance our caution with regard to just protecting ourselves for the future versus dilution to existing shareholders and we felt that the 500 million target got us to that relatively acceptable balance point, so I hope that helps.
Scott Siefers: Yep.
Don Kimble : As far as the capital level as you mentioned before we previously focused on tangible common equity. Like I said, with this issuance and with the high equity content that it will provide will provide, it will probably focus a little bit more on tangible equity and so this issuance are going to be included in there and so our tangible equity ratio would increase by almost a 100 basis point without bringing us fairly close to the 6% tangible equity ratio. Take a look at the other factors that we will consider will be tier I until the capital ratios with the holding company. With this issuance would be north 1850 tier I ratio which we view as very, very strong and the total capital ratio would be very close to a 12% threshold and both those would be at or slightly above what our targeted ranges would be for those levels long term. Again as Tom said that we think its probably more prudent to have extra capital then to be running the risk that we issue too little and wish we would issue more later.
Scott Siefers: Okay thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from line its Brian Foran with Goldman Sachs.
Don Kimble : Hi Brian.
Brian Foran: Tim, the point about capital you just made. I mean is everyone regulators and rating agencies comfortable with kind of the chance of a prolonged period where you can have 8.5 tier I -- 6% trends were tangible equity, but tangible common could be 5% give or take for a couple of quarters here.
 Goldman Sachs: Tim, the point about capital you just made. I mean is everyone regulators and rating agencies comfortable with kind of the chance of a prolonged period where you can have 8.5 tier I -- 6% trends were tangible equity, but tangible common could be 5% give or take for a couple of quarters here.
Tom Hoaglin : Brian this is Tom Hoaglin. Are you asking that the regulators signed off on this approach?
Brian Foran: Yeah exactly. I mean is there any scenario where the tangible common ratio would need to be raised the access in the capital markets or is it basically a situation where we should just forget about tangible comment for a while and focus on tangible equity including preferred in tier I?
 Goldman Sachs: Yeah exactly. I mean is there any scenario where the tangible common ratio would need to be raised the access in the capital markets or is it basically a situation where we should just forget about tangible comment for a while and focus on tangible equity including preferred in tier I?
Tom Hoaglin : As far as the tangible comment that was more of an internal Huntington ratio that we focused on. If look at the regulator, they look at tier I in total and tier I leveraged ratio and we are very well positioned for that especially with this $500 million capital raise. As far as rated agencies they would have their own measures as far as capital adequacy. When we talked before -- previously we made an announcement to the raise $250 million to $300 million in capital. Those conversations were shared with the regulators and rating agencies with no more definitive plans or commitments beyond that and so we dont believe that it will have any negative reaction at all as far as capital and it should be positive as far as the impact with the capital raise and the actions we took as far as dividend would help support that capital level even more. To state the, what probably is the obvious I think in these times banking regulators are interested in more capital in the entire system. So there is nothing of a Huntington specific concern here at all. I think people are just appropriately nervous about what might happen. Somehow Ill be and will defined in the future in making sure that systemic capital levels are adequate.
Brian Foran: Thank you and then I know auto isnt necessarily the biggest issue facing the company, but if you look at the losses, they are up in a quarter where they are seasonally usually down and then on page 28 you have got growth at 34% annualized with a foot note about an impact from loans sales. Can you just kind of give us more color on the credit and then does that -- is that foot note implied -- you tried to sell loans and werent able to?
 Goldman Sachs: Thank you and then I know auto isnt necessarily the biggest issue facing the company, but if you look at the losses, they are up in a quarter where they are seasonally usually down and then on page 28 you have got growth at 34% annualized with a foot note about an impact from loans sales. Can you just kind of give us more color on the credit and then does that -- is that foot note implied -- you tried to sell loans and werent able to?
Tim Barber : No. They are -- let me go in order. The first quarter is not typically a seasonally down quarter. Fourth and first are high, second and third are low. It was a little higher than we thought it would be. I am not saying it wasnt, but we remain comfortable with our full year outlook for the other portfolio.
Tom Hoaglin : Yeah, let me just jump in there. As we reported a quarter ago fourth quarter auto charge offs were a bit elevated because of the impact of the sky -- bringing of the sky portfolio which was not what we would want it to be in the way of documentation completion and we had some prior charge offs as a result of that. Some of the impact in the first quarter continued to be filled from the sky portfolio. The delinquencies trends and the overall auto portfolio are very positive and we have a great deal of confidence that the charge off rates will fall considerably in the coming quarters. Tim?
Tim Barber : Yep, the comments on slide 28 about loan sales and prior years 2005 or 2006, we had a loan -- a flow sale program that we talked about publicly. When that program ended we were -- we maintained all of our production on our balance sheet. What we had been selling had a higher risk profile based on the based on the link so thats has an impact and so there is nothing to deal with. We tried to sell and couldnt. We think our loans would stack up pretty nicely compared to any of the activity thats going on in the market today actually.
Tom Hoaglin : Good point and we were selling off about half of our production and so thats what the comment of getting that so was not selling off that half of the production our balance will show a little bit artificial growth because we are retaining that on balance sheet as supposed to half balance sheet.
Brian Foran: Okay thank you.
 Goldman Sachs: Okay thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Terry Mcevoy with Oppenheimer & Co.
Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer & Co. : Thanks good morning.
Don Kimble : Hi Terry.
Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer & Co. : Earlier in your discussion you talked about the reason why youre raising 500 versus the 250 and 300. Its and when just that increased economic and market uncertainty and so it is little surprise to see that you didnt raise your full year 08 guidance or outlook for net charge off seems to be one statement says that that number might be higher then you had felt in January when the first capital raise was announced. I guess the question is what gives you the confidence that charge offs are going to stay within that initial range provided three months ago.
Tom Hoaglin : This is Tom, Terry and again what we underscore that nothing about this capital raise is being done in anticipation of a deterioration in Huntingtons credit in contrast of whats effecting a number of others. What gives us as much confidence as you could have in this kind of environment is a very thorough review portfolio by portfolio by portfolio on the commercial side names, values, exposures likely deterioration of the consumer side things like delinquencies trends, credit characteristic. Tim jump in here.
Tim Barber : Yeah on the consumer side we are looking at updated record scores, we are looking at where the current vintages are performing, these of the prior vintages, those kinds of things as we talked about in the credit discussion. Some of the portfolios were a little higher than our ranges, a couple were significantly below and a couple were right on top of it and an aggregate looking forward through 2008 we feel comfortable at 60 to 65.
Tom Hoaglin : We recognize that there is a -- not a broad acceptance of our charge off estimates for the year. There wasnt a quarter ago and we came in at 48 basis points. We havent changed our overall full year and there may not be a broad acceptance of it today but with three months actual under a belt and with three months more review of what next 9 months looks like, we continue to be comfortable with that 60 to 65 basis points. All be it having gotten there shifting around as we said earlier some of the individual components in terms of charge off levels.
Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer & Co. : And just one more question. In order to preserve the franchise value that was brought up earlier what are you doing internally to just manage the disruption cutting the dividends and the stock price etc, to make sure that the people and the franchise remains intact and doesnt get distracted through this -- through all noise.
Tom Hoaglin : Well I think you think that there is been some internal disruption, we havent seen any internal disruption and our people are enthusiastic, they are squarely focused. I mean they read in the media headlines about the industry just like anybody else and they have kind of natural anxieties that they get asked like by customers questions about financial services sector in general and Huntington in particular, but I think they move forward with the kind of confidence that we feel. So believe it or not, we have not experienced any disruption internally at all. It doesnt mean that its easy to execute. Its a tough environment but we havent lost focus.
Terry Mcevoy - Oppenheimer & Co. : Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Hughes with KBW.
Don Kimble : Hi Bob.
Operator: Bob, your line is open. Our next question comes from the line of Tony Davis with Stifel Nicolaus.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi Don and good morning Tim.
Don Kimble : Good morning.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Don, you took a pretty big core margin hit from re-pricing here this last quarter. What percent of the loans right now are for LIBOR prime based and are you considering your steps here to mitigate that sensitivity?
Don Kimble : Yeah, we have already taken steps to mitigate that sensitivity that we were more asset sensitive going into the quarter that we dont like to be. We did increase our interest rate swap position by $2.5 billion to where we are now, extremely asset and liability neutral as far as re-pricing. Our loans are a little more than 50%, variable either a LIBOR or Prime based and we continue to model that out in the performance of those loans and the re-pricing characteristics compared to our deposit re-pricing assumptions.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And previously the evaluation on allowance adjustment, I wonder whats the size of the portfolio right now. Whats the MSR as the percent of that servicing -- of the loan servicing? I guess a more broad question maybe for Tom on the sense of business you want to bring in long term.
Tom Hoaglin : Let me take, while we are looking for the numbers here, let me take the last part of that question. We as a bank that prides itself in being a local bank, we want to make sure that we offer first mortgage lending -- first mortgage borrowing opportunities to our customers in each of our markets and so, we value the continuing relationship with our customers that servicing represents. What we dont value so much is servicing for non-core banking customers and so from time to time as market conditions allow we pair the portion of our servicing portfolio that we consider to be not core and maybe thats the best answer I can give you.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay.
Don Kimble : As far as the size of the mortgage servicing asset on our balance sheet is $192 million net value basis of loan service to others of $15.1 billion, which represents about 1.27% of the servicing portfolio.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, Don. Tim and I cant let you get away here -- on question with the Michigan and the Ohio markets have deteriorated over the last year or so and yet [inaudible] the economic component of the loan loss reserve is unchanged and I just wonder if you could give us your thoughts on that.
Tim Barber : We continue -- we have used essentially the same methodology over the last couple of years and have been consistent in our factors. I think there has been some deterioration or some change in the economic component. So if you look over the course of third quarter, fourth quarter of 07 to first quarter 08, the economic reserve gone from 17 to 19 basis points. So that is an increase. I think that part of the issue is Ohio and Michigan have been lower economic growth states for quite a while certainly compared to the nation and so while the national numbers may be changing pretty dramatically, Ohio and Michigan were already at a relatively low level. So their numbers are not moving maybe as much as you might expect.
Tom Hoaglin : You dont think that -- if you are looking prior than the third quarter of 07, when we acquired Sky we basically took the unallocated reserve at that time and put it into our economic reserve and so the relative change may have influenced that analysis as well.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Bob Hughes at KBW.
Bob Hughes - KBW: A question on some of your credit assumptions. I noticed in the text that you talked about moderating consumer charge-offs in the second half of the year particularly auto and home equity and I want to dig into both as a little bit. Number one, I think we have seen pretty consistent declines in used car values to be the Manheim Index and you indicated that you are seeing some signs that those are strengthening. I wonder if you could clarify a little bit where you are seeing that.
Tim Barber : There is a very consistent pattern on an annual basis associated with those values and typically you see an increase in values in the spring selling season or in anticipation of the spring selling season. That was clearly delayed this year. So in prior years, we start seeing the increases maybe in February. We did not see it and thats I think what you are referencing. What we are starting to see is maybe that becomes an April, May issue as opposed to historically a February issue.
Bob Hughes - KBW: Okay and is there a reason to believe that there are some temporary issues that cause that delay? In my mind with the -- increased stress in the consumer and skyrocketing oil prices is maybe premature to assume that used to be [inaudible] going to rebound.
Tim Barber : Well, rebound. I think they are going to improve. I think consumers are much more likely today to buy used cars than they were a couple of years ago. Thats one factor thats out there and thats representative across the industry it is represented even what we do what were originating comparing today versus a couple of years ago, so I mean I think it will -- I think they will come up. I am not saying they are going to go up to levels that we saw a couple of years ago, but they are certainly not going to stay at the level they have been there is definitely a spring selling season Bob.
Tom Hoaglin : And part of our charge offs were auto. It is a pulse that are more based on the fact that we are seeing little more delinquencies as opposed to just based on these car values we as far their outlook for lower charge offs.
Tim Barber : Yeah.
Bob Hughes - KBW: Okay, but you would see seasonally you would see lower delinquencies is that right?
Tim Barber :
 :
Bob Hughes - KBW: But you would say that your delinquencies -- I know you reference your 60 plus delinquencies being down 20% or so from December 31, but how would that compare to prior yours of your portfolio?
Don Kimble : There is an absolutely a season decline probably a little stronger in this particular situation than in the past quarter comparisons.
Bob Hughes - KBW: Okay but you wouldnt necessarily say that you are assuming that loss of severity and auto eases over the course of this year then per say.
Tim Barber : It will ease compare to the severity of the fourth and the first quarter. It will not be all of a sudden dramatically lower than certainly what we were expecting.
Bob Hughes - KBW: Okay and then in home equity I notice that you talk about losses moderating the second half of the year. I guess in part owing to run off in the broker book, thats only about 10% and then the other piece is loss mitigation program, so I wondered if you could shed a little bit more light on what that program consists off.
Tim Barber : I will try. Certainly we have had lots of mitigation programs in place for quite a while. We became extremely focused on those activities in late fourth quarter and early first quarter 2008 and I think we are starting to see some real traction in those actions in the home equity world. It consist of a wide range of possibilities from working out repayments or different repayments strategies with individual borrowers taking short sales in the certain circumstances at an expense, completely restructuring loans and others wrapping the seconds into a restructured first given the current interest rate environment, all of the above and others are inflate today. Its not something that you could say we well do a lot of work in the month of March and that will have immediate benefit what we are working on today would be loans less theoretically, would be in line for charge offs in the third and fourth quarter and thats why we are talking about seeing a moderating number in the second half of the year.
Bob Hughes - KBW: Okay are you guys cutting home equity loans at all?
Tim Barber : Thats one of the things that we are doing on a proactive basis for a portion of the portfolio that we being high risk based on performance, based on information we acquire about the consumers.
Bob Hughes - KBW: Okay, and then one final question if I may. The -- so the $0.35 in the first quarter of it to achieve your guidance that sort of assumes a run rate of $0.37 to $0.38 over the course of year. I guess in part, some of that is related to the assumption that provision expense will go down in the second half but to me it seems like still a little bit of a stretch just viewed in those simplistic, in those simplistic terms. What -- given the margin decline in your guidance 15 basis points accounts for about $0.13 differential, whats going to help you get there recognizing that you could see some higher provisioning cost at least in the second quarter. Is the -- so I guess your going to be pretty lumpy low in the second quarter and then considerably higher in the third and fourth based on your provisioning, is that how your envisioning.
Tom Hoaglin : Well Bob, keep in mind too as far as our earnings in the first quarter it is in fact by the seasonal items, but the day account cost is about $4 million as far as our net interest income, our deposit service charge is about $9 million lower in the first quarter than they are in any of the other quarters because of the seasonal issues and we also had about $9 million of higher expenses associated with the employment taxes and also occupancy costs, our snow removal cost alone were almost $3 million in the quarter and hopefully we wont get a whole lot of snow in the second through third quarter this year. So those three items represent about $0.04 a share and so from that you are right that we would expect our provision expense to be lower in the second half of the year than what we are expecting for the first half of the year and so there should be some improvement in the provision expense in that time period, but keep in mind to that our first quarter, our provision expense exceeded charge off by $40 million. Even if we would have had 60 basis points in charge offs instead of 48 that would only even out $12 million of that $40 million increase, so we still have some healthy build to our allowance which we would now view as something that would be recurring especially in the second half of the year.
Bob Hughes - KBW: Okay, all right guys thanks.
Jay Gould: Operator this is Jay Gould, we are running up against some time constraints, so we can take one more caller can we do that please?
Operator: Yes sir. Our last question comes from line Jeff Davis with FPN Midwest.
Jeff Davis  FTN Midwest: Thanks but my questions have been covered.
Jay Gould: Great, okay. Operator?
Operator: Yes sir.
Jay Gould: I would like to thank everybody for participating. I know that there is still some people with questions, so please give me or Jack a call, we will do all we can to respond to those questions appreciate your forbearance with our having some time constraints this morning. Thank you so much. Bye.
Operator: And this concludes todays conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-17 13:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas E. Hoaglin  President, Chief Executive Officer Donald R. Kimble  Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Tim Barber  Senior Vice President, Credit Risk Management Jay Gould - Director of Investor Relations 
Analysts: Andrea Jao - Lehman Brothers Matthew OConnor  UBS Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus Bob Hughes  KBW David Booth - ELP Partners Heather Wolf - Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Heather and I will be your conference operator today. At this time I would like to welcome everyone to the Huntington fourth quarter earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers remarks there will be a question and answer session. (Operator Instructions). Mr. Gould, you may begin your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you, Heather, and welcome, everybody. Im Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of the slides we will be reviewing can be found on our website, huntington.com. This call is being recorded and will be available as a rebroadcast starting about one hour from the close of the call. Please call the Investor Relations department at 614-480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings for playback or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides.  Slides two and three note several aspects of the basis of todays presentation. I encourage you to read these, but please let me point out one key disclosure. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financial measures where we believe it helpful to understanding Huntingtons results of operations or financial position. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used the comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as the reconciliation to the comparable financial measure, can be found in the slide presentation, in its appendix, in the press release and the quarterly financial review supplement to todays earnings release, and in the Form 8K which we filed earlier today, all of which can be ultimately found on our website. Todays discussion, including Q&A, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based on information and assumptions made available at this time and are subject to change, risk, and uncertainties which may cause actual results to differ materially. We assume no obligation to update such statements.  For a complete discussion of risks and uncertainties please refer to slide four and material filed with the SEC, including our most recent Form 10K, 10Q, and 8K filings.  Now turning to todays presentation. As noted on slide five, participating today are Tom Hoaglin, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Don Kimble, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Tim Barber, Senior Vice President and Credit Risk Management. Lets get started. Over to you, Tom.
Thomas E. Hoaglin: Thank you, Jay, and welcome, everyone. What a quarter. I join my counterparts who say that the current environment overwhelmed by the housing crisis is the most difficult or one of the most difficult in our banking careers.  Turning to slide six, there are many subjects we plan to address today: Franklin and our restructuring the relationship; the credit picture unrelated to Franklin; other significant items in the fourth quarter; the net interest margin; our capital levels in common stock dividend; our 2008 outlook; merger integration progress; and our thoughts about management succession. Ill begin with comments in my assessment of fourth quarter events and performance. Don will then review the quarters financials, but in more of a summary fashion. Tim will review our Franklin Credit relationship, which has changed significantly as a result of the restructuring completed at the end of last year. He will then provide a detailed look at credit quality trends and our home builder and mortgage portfolios. Don will then review our 2008 outlook, including earnings targets and performance drivers. Ill return with summary comments followed by Q&A. Turning to slide seven, were obviously greatly disappointed with our $0.65 share per loss for the quarter. Regarding Franklin, on November 16th we announced we were projecting a negative impact of up to $450 million pre-tax or $300 million after-tax in the fourth quarter with Franklin-related write offs and reserve editions to reflect our lost exposure.  On December 28th we successfully completed a restructure in the relationship resulting in a pre-tax impact of $424 million, which obviously reduced our capital. It also resulted in a 15 basis point one-time reduction to our fourth quarter net interest margin as it represented lost interest while this loan was on non-accrual status in November and through December. This is now behind us and our 2008 first quarter margin will reflect this benefit.  Were reporting our loans to Franklin as restructured loans and including these loans in non-performing assets. We believe this is the right disclosure to make even though were accruing interest income on these loans in accordance with the restructured terms. The inclusion of these assets significantly increases our non-performing asset totals and distorts certain ratios in comparison to the historical values of those ratios and in comparison to our purest ratios. Thus we provided additional information which excludes the Franklin impact to help you sort through these ratios.  We engaged the services of an independent third party in completing the restructure. With the reserves established, coupled with conservative loan loss and payment cash flow assumptions regarding the underlying collateral for our loans, we believe that we have now fully and appropriately addressed the risk from Franklin. We expect that we will not need to revisit this issue. Tim will provide details about the restructuring. Aside from Franklin, during the quarter we saw deterioration in many credit areas. Most notably residential development, but home equity and auto charge offs also rose. Overall, non-Franklin charge offs were 72 basis points compared to 47 basis points in the third quarter.  We added $106 million to the allowance for loan and lease losses not associated with Franklin versus $37 million in the third quarter. We expect credit losses to remain high in 2008 though at a lower level than the 2007 fourth quarter. More on this later.  Our net interest margin came under pressure during the quarter falling by 11 basis points, excluding the one-time 15 basis point Franklin impact, as price competition for deposits in our markets kept deposit rates from declining in align with loan rates.  The volatility of securities markets, and especially the poor performance of financial securities, also hurt us. We had about $0.11 per share in market-related losses. While we successfully sold a portion of the former Sky loans held for sale, they were classified as non-performing assets as of September 30, 2007. Bids fell below our expectations and further losses were taken. When the markets will stabilize is unclear. The equity investment funds and the investment securities portfolio that have hurt us the most have now been written down to less than $25 million. While there were negatives in the quarter there were also positives. We are pleased with our 6% annualized commercial loan growth, our ability to maintain deposit levels in the face of competitive pressures, our strong growth in key fee income areas, and our underlying expense control. Regarding our merger integration progress, during the quarter we achieved additional expense saves bringing our run rate to about 90% of the target of $115 million. Excluding the $13 million in merger costs related to Marty Adams unplanned retirement, such costs totaled $31 million for an aggregate amount of $182 million compared to the $200 million target.  We have now estimated future revenue synergies as a result of the merger to be $87 million, including $33 million in 2008. Well achieve the remainder over the next three to five years. As a reminder, these will come primarily by achieving Huntington performance levels in the former Sky regions in the sale of retail securities, capital market products, and money management services, and from the sale of insurance agency products by Huntington. In sum, from the merger integration standpoint it is now business as usual and were continuing to focus on better sales and service execution. Regarding our 2008 outlook there is no question that it will be a challenging year credit wise. Our 2008 earnings target is $1.57 to $1.62 per share. Well detail our assumptions supporting this guidance later in our presentation. Nevertheless, we believe this earnings level will permit us to grow capital and make progress in getting our tangible common equity ratio, which was 5.1% at the end of the year, back to its targeted 6% to 5.25% level, albeit taking a bit longer than originally planned.  Therefore, inconsistent with our November announcement, this morning we reported that our board of directors declared a quarterly common stock cash dividend of $0.262 per share payable April 1st. In the wake of Marty Adams retirement Ive reassumed the role of President. At this point we do not intend to fill the chief operating officer position. As demand has been succession, the board and I do not expect to address this issue through M&A. Well discuss it routinely with no specific time table in mind.  For those of you who are interested in our performance in retaining Sky customers lets look at slide 8. We believe were doing well and our success supports our loan deposit revenue assumptions in our 2008 outlook comments that we will cover at the end of our remarks. Here are early observations.  Weve retained 98% of the pre-conversion deposit balances for the Sky customers and have actually seen a 2% increase of business deposits during this time. Attrition rates for November and December at returned to pre-acquisition levels. Retail attrition is concentrated in single-service, low-balance households  the lowest profitability segment.  Again, these are early results that are consistent with or slightly better than our expected attrition rate of 3% given the significant number of branch consolidations.  In sum, its good to have 2007 behind us. It had its ups and downs. Our focus now is on delivering targeted 2008 results and continuing to grow the franchise.  With that let me turn the presentation over to Don. 
Donald R. Kimble: Thanks, Tom. Turning to slide nine, our reported net loss of $239.3 million or $0.65 per common share for the quarter. These results were negatively impacted by five significant items. First, a $423.6 million charge to earnings or $0.75 per share related to the Franklin relationship. This charge reflected a provision of $405.8 million and a reversal of interest income of $17.9 million. This relationship will be reviewed in more detail later. Second, $63.5 million or $0.11 per share of net market related losses consisting of four items: $34 million of loss on loans held for sale. This loss included additional marks on the loans sold during the quarter, as well as to the remaining loans included in and held for sale; $11.6 million in net security losses related to certain investment securities backed by mortgages; $9.4 million of equity investment losses; and $8.6 million negative impact from the re-evaluation of mortgage servicing rights (inaudible). Third, $44.4 million or $0.08 per share of merger costs, including $13.4 million related to the previously announced retirement of Marty Adams. Fourth, $24.9 million or $0.04 per share of VISA indemnification charge. Our expectation is we will see value in the future IPO of VISA with receipt of stock will more than offset this charge. Lastly, $8.9 million or $0.02 per share of increases to litigation reserves on existing cases.  Slide 10 provides a quick snapshot of the quarters performance. As previously noted, our reported loss was $0.65 per share. Our net interest margin was 3.26%, down 26 basis points. This level reflects a 15 basis point reduction due to the Franklin loans being put on non-accrual status from November until the loans were restructured in late December. All interest payments were received on time during this period but were applied to reduce the exposure of this credit. Its important to note that this 15 basis point impact only affected fourth quarter results. However, going forward our net interest income will reflect the lower balance of Franklin loans resulting from the $308 million charge off. Average total commercial loans increased at a 6% annualized pace. Average total consumer loans remained stable with the prior period. And average total core deposits also remained fairly stable during the quarter. We had good fee income performance during the quarter as deposit service charges income was up 4%. Trust income was up 5%, and brokerage and insurance fees were also up 5%, and other service charges were up 4%.  In contrast, mortgage income and other income reflected a negative impact for the market-related losses previously discussed.  Expense levels were up slightly from the third quarter after adjusting for merger costs and the significant items noted before. This increase was related to commission expense, higher collection costs, and various timing differences. During the quarter we were able to achieve an additional $5 million, or $20 million annualized, of merger savings. This brings our realized savings to approximately 90% of our target. We expect to achieve at least the remaining committed amounts in the first quarter of 2008.  Our charge off ratio of 3.77% reflected the impact of $308 million of charge offs-related Franklin credit. Excluding these charge offs our net charge off ratio for the quarter would have been 72 basis points.  Our period-end tangible equity ratio declined to 5.08% reflecting the impact of the quarters loss as well as the $48 million increase to our intangibles. This increase in our intangibles reflected an insurance agency acquisition and additional purchase price allocation adjustments in the Sky Financial acquisition.  Let me turn the presentation over to Tim, who will provide a detailed credit review. Tim?
Tim Barber: Thanks, Don. Turning to slide 12, Huntington negotiated a significant restructure of the Franklin relationship as of December 28th, 2007. The specifics of the restructure detailed in our January 3rd 8K filing created an appropriate level of debt given the collateral. Interest coverage for the entire bank debt after the restructure is in excess of the 1.25 based on the one-month (inaudible) rate of 4.5%.  Clearly the current interest rate environment has a positive impact on the interest coverage ratio. Huntingtons exposure after the restructure is $1.2 billion with $800 million secured by purchased first and second mortgages and $400 million secured by sub-prime first originated by the Tribeca subsidiary.  Huntington has a reserve of $115 million or 9.7% associated with the Franklin exposure. Huntington will carry these loans as sub-standard on our balance sheet. We firmly believe that these actions are sufficient to allow for orderly retainment of the restructured debt with no credit quality performance impact on 2008 earnings. We have an ongoing performance analysis structure in place and are committed to formal quarterly impairment testing.  As part of the analysis process we engaged a third party to perform an independent review of the portfolio and our actions. This independent review confirmed our actions as appropriate.  Slide 13 summarizes certain collateral performance assumptions. Conservative expected loss assumptions were modeled over the life of the over 30,000 individual first and second lien residential mortgages. These assumptions were more conservative than performance results communicated by Franklin in 2007. Our modeled results were consistent with an analysis performed by the independent third party.  The model cash flows and estimated losses over the life of the mortgages are consistent with our November 2007 assumption. This results in the interest coverage that is expected to exceed the minimum interest coverage covenant of 1.25x. In addition, a specific reserve of $115 million or 9.7% of the exposure was established. Slide 14 shows the sources that generate the cash flow for repayment of the bank debt. In addition to payments received on loans that are contractually current, additional payments are received from a delinquent account known by the industry term as recency payments.  As noted earlier, our loss assumptions included 120-day past due as the definition of default. This is a conservative definition as we assume no payments are being received on loans that reach the 120-day past due category. Yet the actual experience is that a number of these loans have made a payment within the last 30 days.  A second cash flow source represents loan pay off activity. This occurs as the loans are refinanced elsewhere. While the level of pay offs has obviously declined substantially from earlier levels, monthly refinance activity over the fourth quarter was stable. This source is most directly affected by the lack of liquidity in the market. A third source of cash flow is the sale of foreclosed properties. This will be a significant source of cash, particularly for the Tribeca portfolio. The Tribeca loans are generally located in the New York and New Jersey area and were originated as refinances at low loan to values. The property values have held in this area better than national averages, thus supporting both refinance activity and foreclosed property sales that cover the loan amount. Turning to the next slide, I want to use the next few slides to highlight key credit quality trends and metrics as well as provide comments on some of the key portfolios. Slide 16 provides a high level review of some key credit quality performance trends. As Tom noted earlier, Franklin will have a lingering impact on our reported asset quality ratios. It is important to emphasize that from a regulatory reporting standpoint, Franklin is categorized as a performing loan; it is accruing interest like any other commercial loan. The performing status is as a result of the repayment capabilities associated with the restructured credit. In contrast, for our GAAP external performing, Franklin is categorized as a troubled debt restructure and part of non-performing assets. This categorization resulted in a significant increase in our reported non-performing assets, even though it is accruing interest. As Tom noted -- and hopefully my review confirms -- this is a credit that we believe we have addressed fully and certainly do not expect any negative impact to credit quality from Franklin on our 2008 performance.  As shown here, our reported non-performing asset ratio increased to 4.13% and our net charge-off ratio was 3.77%. Excluding Franklin, our NPA and net charge-offs ratios were 1.21% and 72 basis points respectively with the increases from the third-quarter levels reflecting deterioration in our core bank performance. Due to the significant impact of both Franklin and the held-for-sale portfolio, we believe a better measure to track underlying trends are non-accrual loan metrics. As shown on the second line of this table our non-accrual ratio was 80 basis points, up from a comparable 62 basis points in the third quarter.  As shown at the bottom of the graph, we have included a non-accruing loan reserve coverage ratio to both our allowance for loan and lease losses -- the ALLL -- and total credit allowance, the ACL. We believe these reserve coverage ratios continue to represent adequate levels of reserves for the risks inherent in the portfolio. Slide 17 details our non-accruing loans or NALs, by type and shows the other categories adding up to total NPAs. This shows that the increase in non-accruing loans was concentrated in the middle market commercial real estate, residential mortgage, and small business portfolios. The commercial real estate increase was primarily a function of continued activity in the home builder portfolio which I will specifically address shortly. The residential mortgage and small business portfolio increases reflected increasing delinquency rates. Both of these segments classify loans as non-accrual based on delinquency. The increase in small business was spread across all of our regions with no particular driver from a geographic standpoint. Slide 18 graphically shows the trends Jeff covered on slide 16. Here it is visually easier to see where our non-accruing loan issues have been concentrated. Slide 19 details net charge-off activity on both the reported and non-Franklin basis. On a non-Franklin basis, total net charge-offs increased from 47 basis points in the third quarter to 72 basis points. The most significant linked quarter change was in the commercial real estate segment with modest or normal seasonal increases in the other portfolio segments.  Consistent with the non-accrual trends, the commercial real estate charge-off activity was heavily influenced by the homebuilder portfolio. The borrowers in our Eastern Michigan and Northern Ohio regions continue to be the source of the majority of this activity.  Consumer charge-offs increased from 67 basis points to 75 basis points in the quarter and indirect auto and home equity net charge-offs increased, offsetting a decline in the residential mortgages. These results reflected a combination of some seasonal trends, the impact of Sky, and continued pressures on the real estate market in general. Our expectations are for consistent levels of consumer charge-offs for the next several quarters.  While our home equity losses increased from 58 basis points to 67 basis points, the relative change is actually better than industry trends. In fact, our vintage results from 2006 and 2007 originations show improvement over prior periods. This is consistent with our decisions to limit growth for originations and constrain high loan-to-value lending. This provides support for our belief that 2008 will be Huntingtons high water mark for home equity loss. Slide 20 details charges in our allowance for credit losses and segregates reported amounts and non-Franklin related amounts. The latter, we believe, represents the better indicator of underlying linked quarter performance. Our non-Franklin allowance for loan and lease losses increased to 1.19%, up from 1.14% while our allowance for credit losses increased to 1.36% from 1.28%. Since there was $18 million of Franklin-related reserves at September 30, the net linked quarter increase in the ACL was $35 million. This build in the ACL was centered in the middle market commercial real estate portfolio which accounted for $19 million, or 59% of the increase.  Also contributing to the increase were $3 million related to the indirect auto portfolio and $4 million related to home equity loans. In addition, there was a $3 million increase resulting from the economic reserve calculation.  The point is that the increase in problem loan activity, putting Franklin aside, was primarily centered in the middle market commercial real estate portfolio and within that portfolio, in the single family homebuilder segment. The increases in other portfolios were a result of our quantitative methodology and appropriately represent the risks in the portfolios given the general economic conditions and our footprint. Let me use slide 21 to give you a more detailed review of our single family homebuilder portfolio. Our single family homebuilder portfolio continues to decrease and now totals less than $1.5 billion. We have added some additional asset quality performance disclosure to this slide, which we hope you find helpful. The level of classified loans has increased by $120 million over the past year to $159 million. The reserves held against the portfolio have increased to 3%.  Those of you who have followed Huntington know about our highly quantitative reserving methodology. This gives us comfort that this 3% level accurately represents the current risk in this portfolio segment. For 2008, we are expecting losses to be relatively consistent with the 2007 level of 1.5%.  It is important to note that we expect the residential developer market to continue to be volatile and anticipate continued pressure on the homebuilder segment in the coming months. It will be the main driver in 2008 credit quality trends. As we continue our ongoing portfolio monitoring, we will make credit and reserve decisions based on the current condition of the borrower or project, combined with our expectations for the future. I want to use slides 22 and 23 to review our adjustable rate mortgage and alt-A residential mortgage portfolios. As we know, these are areas of investor interest and concern. Details on our ARM exposure and rate resets over the next 24 months are shown at the top of Slide 22. The reset issue is a very real credit risk scenario for borrowers with no refinance options. The current 30-year fixed rates are below the reset rates for most of our borrowers. While there are a number of factors in credit decisions, including income level and loan-to-value, current experience shows that borrowers with current FICO scores over 670 are able to effectively pursue refinance options. Over 80% of our ARM borrowers have current FICO scores over 670.As such, we believe we have a relatively limited exposure to the reset risk.  Nevertheless, we have implemented a proactive effort to ensure that all of our borrowers are aware of the impact of the upcoming reset and have mitigation strategies in place to help those borrowers with payment difficulties.  Our interest-only portfolio, which is a subset of our residential ARM portfolio, continues to perform well with average current FICO scores of 729 and low net charge-off rates primarily as a result of our conservative origination strategies.  Turning to our alt-A product, slide 23 shows our outstanding of $531 million, representing 10% of the total residential portfolio. The product is in a run-off mode as we originated only $33 million of such loans in 2007. The product generated $5 million of losses, a net charge-off rate of 75 basis points and accounted for 46% of the total residential losses for the year. We are currently focusing on customer contact and applying our loss mitigation strategies where appropriate.  I hope this credit review has been helpful. Let me turn the presentation over to Don who will discuss our 2008 outlook.
Donald R. Kimble: Thanks, Tim. Turning to slide 25, we provided additional detail to help analyze our earnings outlook. As we provide our usual line item review of our earnings guidance, we will provide additional detail on our net charge-off expectations, a summary of our identified revenue synergies from the Sky Financial acquisition, and then review our capital assumptions for 2008. As you know, when earnings guidance is given, it is our practice to do so on a GAAP basis unless otherwise noted. Such guidance includes the expected results of all significant forecasted activities; however guidance typically excludes selected items where the timing of the financial impact is uncertain until the impact can be reasonably forecasted; and it excludes any unusual or one-time items as well. We are targeting 2008 earnings of $1.57 to $1.62 per share, excluding merger costs which are estimated to be $0.01 to $0.02 per share. We anticipate that the economic environment will continue to be negatively impacted with weaknesses in residential real estate markets and struggles in the manufacturing sector. It continues to be our expectation that any impacts will be greatest among our borrowers in our Eastern Michigan and Northern Ohio markets.  However interest rates may change, we expect to maintain our customary neutral interest rate position. Given this backdrop, here are our outlook comments.  Revenue growth in the low single-digit range. This is expected to reflect a net interest margin of around 3.35%. This is down slightly from the fourth quarter adjusted level of 3.41%; that is a reported 3.26% plus the 15 basis point one-time Franklin impact. Reduction from the 3.41% reflects the impact of the lost interest income due to the charge-off on the loan along with an assumption of continued aggressive pricing in our markets.  Annualized average commercial loan growth in the mid single-digit range with total consumer loans being relatively flat, reflecting continued softness in residential mortgages and home-equity loan growth. Core deposit growth in the low single-digit range and non-interest income growth in the mid single-digit range.  For non-interest income we are assuming mid single-digit growth with no significant net market-related gains or losses. Keep in mind the investment security contributing to our impairment and the public equity investments now represent less than $25 million. This also includes the realization of Sky revenue synergies and higher lease income.  Non-interest expense is expected to be flat to down from the fourth quarter annualized level. This reflects lower core expenses after adjustment for merger costs, other significant items, and automobile operating lease expense. Please note the flat to down assumption excludes any negative impact for merger costs which are expected to be between $5 million and $10 million in 2008 and excludes any positive impact for the potential reversal of the Visa indemnification charge.  Regarding credit quality performance, we anticipate a net charge-offs ratio of approximately 60 to 65 basis points. We will review this assumption in more detail later. Non-accrual loans on absolute and relative basis are expected to increase moderately.  Lastly, we anticipate the loan loss reserve ratio will increased modestly also from its December 31 level of 1.44%.  Regarding capital, we are assuming no share repurchase activity. Again, all this results in a targeted reported EPS for 2008 earnings of $1.57 to $1.62 per share excluding any merger costs. Let me detail a couple of areas. On Slide 26, we detail our assumptions for net charge-offs in our 2008 outlook. As you can see, our outlook assumes charge-offs in the 60 to 65 basis point range, well above our targeted range of 35 to 45 basis points. Each of the individual categories was above their long-term target range with the exception of automobile, with the greatest variance coming from the commercial real estate category. This continues to reflect softness in commercial real estate sector. The 60 to 65 basis point charge off outlook is also slightly higher than the 59 basis points of non-Franklin related charge-offs recognized in the second half of 2007.  Turning to Slide 27 we show the estimated revenue synergies from the Sky Financial acquisition. Weve identified $87 million of revenue synergies to be achieved over the next three to five years with $33 million included in our expectations for 2008 revenue. The areas of revenue synergies include penetration of Sky Financial customer base with asset management products and services at a comparable level to Huntington, including retail investment sales, trust services, corporate derivatives and other capital market products. Delivery of Huntington deposit products and services including cash management, referral of insurance products and services throughout the combined Huntington footprint, and delivery of equipment finance services to the Sky customer base.  Turning to Slide 28, we provide a summary of the impact the 2008 outlook has on various capital ratios and other metrics. Using our targeted EPS of the $1.57 to $1.62 and for analytical purposes if you annualize our current quarterly dividend, the result would be a dividend payout ratio of 65% to 67%. While this is higher than our targeted range our current view is that it is supportable given our slower expected balance sheet growth.  Using these assumptions, it would result in an ROA of around 1.15%, or return on tangible capital of about 25% and an internal capital generation rate of 3% to 4%. Finally, we project our tangible common equity ratio will increase by 10 to 12 basis points per quarter, resulting in a ratio of around 5.5% by the end of 2008. It is important to note that our plans include the addition of the issuance of additional capital during 2008. However, this capital would not increase our tangible common equity ratio but would enhance our regulatory capital levels. We have no plan of issuing convertible instruments that would dilute our common equities in the future. Again, we plan no share repurchases in the current year.  Let me turn the presentation back over to Tom for wrap up.
Thomas E. Hoaglin: Thanks, Don. Weve covered a lot of ground in a short period of time so let me recap the key points we feel are important that our investors understand as we focus on 2008.  First, I realize that your confidence in us has been hurt by our experience with Franklin and were working hard to restore it. Based on all we know and all we are anticipating about how this credit and its underlying collateral will perform, we believe that our assumptions and reserves are appropriately conservative and that any performance issues associated with Franklin have been fully addressed. Second, we believe the remaining risk associated with future negative market-related volatility is minimal.  Third, the credit quality environment is expected to remain difficult. We are expecting 2008 credit losses to exceed the 2007 level. We hope they will peak in 2008 and begin to decline in 2009. Nevertheless, we are confident that we are well-positioned to weather the storm. Also, our business model is sound and is producing results. With the intensity of merger integration efforts behind us, our focus is on credit and on sales and service execution, particularly in our new regions. While there is still some merger expense saves to be achieved, we are equally excited about the revenue opportunities before us.  Lastly, I want you to hear that the team and I believe that our earnings target of $1.57 to $1.62 per share in 2008 is an achievable -- albeit not easy -- target. Through hard work and focus on performance, we are up to the task.  Operator, we will now open the discussion to questions.  
Operator:   Your first question comes from Andrea Jao - Lehman Brothers.
Andrea Jao - Lehman Brothers : Given your net charge-offs ratio of 72 bips and then your projected net charge-off ratio of 60 to 65 in 2008, what drives the decrease? When I put Slide 26 right beside Slide 19, there is no obvious driver of the decrease.
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   Let me make a few comments than I will ask Tim Barber to comment as well. What we have done in arriving at this estimate for 2008, weve taken a look at the second half of 2007; weve looked at name by name by name in our commercial real estate portfolio which is where much activity will come. Weve looked at what we did in the fourth quarter as well, and both our line originators, our workout people, and our central credit risk people felt comfortable in light of all that with the CRE and middle market C&I portion of that 60 to 65 basis point range.  Tim, why dont you comment about consumer side?
Tim Barber:   On the consumer side, as you know, we have a lot of portfolio metrics. We spent a great deal of time analyzing trends and changes in our borrowers and we believe that 2008 will be exactly within the range of what we presented here in the presentation. Indirect auto will move a little higher, our home equity portfolio will be slightly higher, but pretty close to flat on an overall basis. Our residential mortgage portfolio will be flat for 2007.
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   The other comment I would make, Andrea, is that I am well aware that there are no guarantees in this environment. So we have done our level best to dimension what we consider to be a realistic risk to us in 2008, but our crystal ball is not any clearer than anybody else so we certainly dont offer any guarantees, this is absolutely our best effort.
Andrea Jao - Lehman Brothers : Could you give a bit more detail about the capital issuance, the magnitude, and the timing that youre looking at if you can at this point?
Tim Barber:
 : We are working through those plans, Andrea, but our thought would be to have a capital issuance probably in the $250 million to $300 million size, and with that we believe that our regulatory capital ratios and our rating agency capital levels would be at or above our peer levels with that type of issuance.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Matthew OConnor - UBS.
Matthew OConnor - UBS : Not to harp on this, but it seems like its optimistic to assume home equity losses are flat to the current levels, given whats going on in home prices and just the economy overall.
Donald R. Kimble:   Matt, I guess I would address that in a couple ways. One, weve consistently talked through the quality of borrower versus the home price value, if the borrower quality remains high and the probability of default remains low than the value of the home is less of an issue. Were seeing pretty consistent default rates coming through. That leads us down the path of consistent levels in 2008.  We spent a lot of time looking at vintages and weve seen improvement in the vintages of our 2006 and 2007 originations, pretty dramatic improvements and those combined tell us 2008 will be where weve projected and were seeing 2009 a little bit lower.
Matthew OConnor - UBS : Did you talk about how much your reserve build will be this year?
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   Matt, we didnt say that explicitly. We just said that the reserve would be an increase modestly from the fourth quarter levels.
Matthew OConnor - UBS : And thats relative to loans or in absolute dollars?
Thomas E. Hoaglin: In percentages, so were currently at 144 so we think we would have a modest increase in that going forward.
Matthew OConnor - UBS : What kind of macro assumptions are you using in your estimates?
Donald R. Kimble:   Macro in terms of economic? Well what I would say is in our part of the world we do not expect the economy to be a very pretty picture in 2008. In some parts of Michigan, as you are well aware, there are depression-like conditions. We fully expect that will continue to be the case. Most of our other markets are either stable or fairly weak.  Clearly, the sector that is impacted greatest is housing, but we fully expect in 08 that there will be some spillover effect in other parts of the economy. So we are not predicating growth assumptions or credit quality assumptions on a rosy picture. We do see very much continued weakness throughout the year.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus : Tim, I wonder if you could tell us what percentage of the middle-market construction development loans have you gotten updated appraisal on here in the last quarter or so? Whats the LTV average of that portfolio right now?
Tim Barber:   I cant give you an average loan to value for the portfolio. We originate in the 65% to 75% LTV range, thats our goal or our policies. The percentage that we have had reevaluated, I think maybe well have to get back to you with a specific number on the percent. What I can tell you is as these loans come up for renewal or as there are identified issues with individual projects we absolutely get a revaluation immediately.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus : Of the $1.5 billion, how much of that would be in Northern Ohio and the East Michigan?
Tim Barber: Weve got slides in the appendix that dimension the East Michigan portfolio at $135 million and we have said Northern Ohio was about $300 million.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus :   Tom, from a growth standpoint, I wonder what loan officers are seeing in terms of a borrow attitude outside of real estate today, for example, versus say three to six months ago? How soft does the general business environment feel in your market?
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   Tony, I think that an accurate answer is it varies by geography. It feels pretty bad in most of Michigan; a tremendous amount of caution there, lots of borrowers just hunkered down, if you will. When you go elsewhere -- Central Ohio, Cincinnati, Indianapolis -- a different story. Were not talking about boom economies here, but there is a greater sense of optimism, a greater inclination to invest.  Keeping in mind that parts of our footprint have significant numbers of export-related industries, many companies there are benefiting as a result of the weak dollar, so while theres certainly a significant segment of manufacturing that is under stress, there are other portions of it in our part of the world that as captured some of that that are benefiting at the current time.  So if I could generalize Id say considerable caution but it does vary across portions of our footprint.
Tony Davis - Stifel Nicolaus : Final thing to you Tom. In this environment with whats happening in asset quality, I would imagine your appetite for deals on the M&A front has been satiated for a bit. Also in that sense, what attitude are you seeing among your smaller competitors?
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   Well, an accurate description Tony would be I am stuffed and Im suffering from indigestion to continue the metaphor. This period of time I think is one of considerable focus on behalf of Huntington for better and better execution of what we have today relative to smaller competitors.  Time will tell whether Im right or not, I am sensing that everybody is focused on its own challenges now, credit, margin, otherwise, there really is not a focus on M&A activity to any significant degree.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Bob Hughes - KBW.
Bob Hughes - KBW : I hate to harp on the issue, as Matt said before, but still a little incredulous as to the home equity assumptions. It seems to me that even if you felt like the quality of your borrowers was holding up and the probability of default was not materially changed, that your loss default would have to be going up in this environment based on what youre seeing in the rest of your portfolio and the actions you are taking against the construction book. Can you help me understand why that would not be the case.
Donald R. Kimble:   Our loss given default assumption is essentially 100% on our home equity portfolio so if a borrower defaults, 100% of that flows right through to the loss line and thats been consistent over the past couple years. There are segments if there is a very low original loan-to-value as an example, that arent at 100, but overall the number actually calculates in the high 90% range. Thats really why weve spent so much time focusing on the probability of default because were assuming 100% loss, given default.
Bob Hughes - KBW : When you look at that borrower base there, based on your own internal analysis can you tell me what you are basing that assumption on? Is that based on FICO scores? Do you believe that to be the number one determinant?
Donald R. Kimble:   As we look at our portfolio we update FICO scores on a quarterly basis. The migration of those scorers, the percent in low score categories, as examples, are the things that we look at as primary indicators of our future LTVs.
Bob Hughes - KBW : Because it strikes me that weve heard from a number of other companies and maybe your experience will be different, but Ive heard from a number of other companies that they view FICOs as almost being irrelevant to some degree and that LTV is the number one determining factor. Would you differ from that view?
Donald R. Kimble:   From a predicting default standpoint?
Bob Hughes - KBW : Yes.
Tim Barber:
 : I think that if you are assuming a loss given default of 100%, then the prediction of the default has much more to do with the FICO score. Weve got years of analysis that would indicate that it is highly predictive. Is it the only factor? Absolutely not. Can you have a high FICO borrower that ends up in an underwater position and something else happens that could cause them to default? Sure.  What we are generally predicating the concept on is if there is repayment capability then youre going to stay in the house whether or not it happens to be upside down given market conditions. People are not just running out and turning in the keys to their homes because the value has fallen.  So thats why I would say FICO from a predicting PD standpoint is more important than the loan-to-value.
Bob Hughes - KBW : A follow-up as far as the home equity charge off outlook. Theres two things I think you talked about before that are really impacting that too is that we are seeing less of an impact from the brokered origination that was cut out two years ago. I think you had also talked about the better performances of the recent vintages and those current loss rates were less than half of what they were two and three years ago.
Tim Barber:   Right I think you mentioned hearing from peers or hearing from other institutions and clearly there has been a trend last quarter and certainly this quarter regarding material increases in home equity losses forecasted. I think we are different because we made some of the adjustments that banks are making today or very recently back in 2005 and 2006 and the broker channel is probably the best and most obvious indicator or example.  We completely exited it in early 2007 but we began reducing our exposure to the broker channel back in 2005. If not explicitly stated, the underlying assumptions in some of these other banks announcements has been significant deterioration in broker channel performance. 
Bob Hughes - KBW : I do agree and you got out earlier than most.
Tim Barber:   Thats probably the most visible example of why we think were a little different than the rest of the market. Clearly our numbers are up but our numbers are not up to the same extent or at the same ratios as some of these that were seeing announced recently.
Bob Hughes - KBW : Ex the dollar and charges you had this quarter, would you add a $0.35 run rate? I think by my math you could maybe add $0.03 or so that you get back in the first quarter from the reversal of accrued income I think on Franklin, if thats accurate? What other adjustments would you make to that $0.38 level going forward that makes your guidance for 08 look reasonable?
Thomas E. Hoaglin:
 :   Bob, I think the biggest difference there is just as we talked about before, the fourth quarter included 72 basis points of charge-offs and a build of about $37 million of the allowance and our guidance for 2008 based on the conservative review that Tom had talked about would be for 60 to 65 basis points in charge-offs and continued modest increases in the allowance. So that would be the primary reason for the difference between those.
Operator:   Your next question comes from David Booth - ELP Partners.
David Booth - ELP Partners : Hi, I just spent the last few days looking at the Franklin loan restructuring. To be honest with you, my opinion, I havent seen accounting this misleading since Enron. My question regards the accounting treatment of the loan. This is a $1.8 billion loan that were contingently liable for along with the other lenders to a $7 million market cap company; were almost 45% of the portfolio, the $2 billion portfolio is in default as of second quarter and Franklin is saying that trends are getting worse.  I dont know how you guys can continue to call this a commercial loan and continue accrual on it when absent our forgiveness of $300 million of that loan, it looks to me like Franklin might be bankrupt right now. Substantially, economically, you have to think that if Huntington took possession of the collateral, how much of that portfolio would go to non-accrual versus the carrying value as you guys carry it as a commercial loan presently?
Thomas E. Hoaglin: Ill take a first crack at this and Tim can go ahead and step in with additional color here, but keep in mind that what were looking at as far as the collection of our loans that we have on our books is the cash flows are generated from the $2 billion of the underlying consumer mortgage loans that are outstanding. The total loans that we have on our books today are less than $1.2 billion. We think that the cash flows that are 
David Booth - ELP Partners : Were specifically liable for $400 million additional, is that right? The other lenders have recourse to us?
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   No, no other recourse is owed from Huntington to the other lenders. No, thats not correct.
David Booth - ELP Partners : So if Franklin fails those other lenders wouldnt have recourse?
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   They would not have recourse against Huntington, no.
David Booth - ELP Partners : Okay, because I thought your 10-Q said something.
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   No, that does not exist and well go back and check our Q and Ks we filed to make sure thats not stated that way; thats not our understanding.
David Booth - ELP Partners :  Im just trying to understand how you can call it a commercial loan when Franklin is a $7 million market cap company that they, in their recent filings, said that with the trends in the portfolio that it would pretty much wipe out their equity. How you can continue to call that a commercial loan and continue to accrue on it, I think in my opinion, the proper accounting would be to look at that as underlying collateral and say, how do we treat this if we brought this on balance sheet? Because substantially Huntington is the lender thats keeping them afloat.
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   David, we have definitely looked at the underlying collateral and we believe that the loans is a loan to essentially a pool of loans, and we believe that the collateral and the cash flows that are generated from that collateral more than adequately support the loan balance that we have on our books as well as the loan balances that are carried by the participants in that relationship.
David Booth - ELP Partners : Can you talk about the underlying credit trends in the Franklin portfolio presently and then how it would be reflected if you brought it on balance sheet to Huntington? How much of it would go into non-accrual versus your treatment as a commercial loan presently?
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   David, we believe that we have an accruing loans that is well secured and we believe that we have perfectly accounted for that and have it reflected in our balance sheet. If you would like to talk about this further please feel free to give either Jay Gould or give me a call and we could talk about this more one-on-one if youd like.
Operator:   Your next questions comes from Heather Wolf - Merrill Lynch.
Heather Wolf - Merrill Lynch : A quick question on the commercial portfolio. Given the view on the economic backdrop and given that unsecured commercial credit quality can be very dependent upon the underlying economy, why do you think the C&I loss rates are going to hold in 08?
Thomas E. Hoaglin: What we are concerned about in C&I is anything in C&I that somehow would be dependent upon housing. So in building our loss estimates of C&I, weve certainly taken into consideration the direct impact the housing sector might have on it. But on the other hand, with the knowledge of our C&I book, which continues to perform very well, and the composition of the sectors within the C&I book, we decided, again from the relationship to the housing sector, we feel comfortable in maintaining the targeted estimates that we have. Thats the best that I could do to help you out.
Tim Barber:   Heather I was just going to add something. In your question you mentioned unsecured and we have really very little C&I unsecured so if youre thinking about maybe shared national credit or some structure like that, thats not what the Huntington portfolio looks like.
Heather Wolf - Merrill Lynch : Tim, can you give us a sense for the typical rate of change or rate of credit migration on a C&I loan? How quickly do they usually move through your watch list and delinquency lists?
Tim Barber:   Heather, the answer to that really varies dramatically. Some hit the criticized world and then go relatively quickly to loss. Others hit the criticized world and stay there for a while as the company sorts out issues or performance stabilize before returning possibly to the past category. Im not sure I could give you a general answer to that.  Clearly, we have seen over the last few quarters, downward migration as reflected in our increased reserves.
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   Tim I think thats particularly the case in commercial real estate as opposed to middle-market C&I, where you are subject to periodic updates with regard to appraisals, changing market conditions, thus in some cases triggering downgrades from past to substandard. We really dont see that kind of precipitous decline generally speaking in the middle market C&I.
Tim Barber:   Thats exactly right, the significant migrations are the two-step downgrades, in the commercial real estate phenomenon and weve experienced that. The C&I book tends to be more one grade steps as they move but they have not moved with anywhere near the volume that weve seen in the commercial real estate side.
Heather Wolf - Merrill Lynch : Just as a refresher, what were your peak C&I losses in the last cycle?
Tim Barber:   The last cycle in early 2007, I think 2001 or 2002 may have been the peak, and I cant remember the number specifically. I can get back to you with that. I would say that those numbers were heavily influenced by the shared national credit portfolio that was on the books at the time. That simply doesnt exist today and so weve materially changed what that C&I portfolio looks like.  If you go back or when we get back to you we can give you some names that you can recognize along with the rates, so I dont think that is a comparable comparison. It could be ex-ed again given the change in the portfolio.
Operator:   Your next question comes from Andrea Jao - Lehman Brothers.
Andrea Jao - Lehman Brothers : I just wanted to make sure I heard correctly. You sold $73 million, $74 million held for sale non-performer from Sky after the quarter ended?
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   No we sold that prior to quarter end. We also took an additional haircut on the remaining portfolio based on the sales price we received.
Andrea Jao - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great so prior to quarter end.
Thomas E. Hoaglin:   Thats correct.
Operator:   There are no further questions at this time.
Jay Gould : Thank you to everybody for participating in our conference call. If you have follow-up questions, please give myself or Jack a call. Thank you again.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-10-18 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon everyone. My name is Kenya and Iwill be your operator later today. At this time, I would like to welcomeeveryone to the Huntingtonthird quarter earnings quarter call. (Operator instructions) After thespeakers remarks, there will be a question and answer session. Thank you Mr.Gould, you may begin your conference.
Jay Gould: Thank you Kenyaand welcome everybody. I am Jay Gould, Director of Investor Relations for Huntington. Copies of theslides we will be reviewing can be found on our website, huntinton.com. Thiscall is being recorded and will available as a re-broadcast starting about anhour from the close of the call. Please call the investor relations departmentat 614-480-5676 for more information on how to access these recordings orplaybacks, or should you have difficulty getting a copy of the slides. Slide two notes several aspects of basis of todayspresentation, I encourage you to read this. But let me point out a couple ofkey disclosures. This presentation contains both GAAP and non-GAAP financialmeasures, and where we believe its helpful to understanding Huntingtons results of operations orfinancial position. Where non-GAAP financial measures are used, the comparableGAAP financial measure as well as the reconciliation to the comparable GAAPfinancial measure can be found in the slide presentation in its appendix inthe press release and the quarterly financial reviews supplementing todayspress release or the 8-K filed with the SEC earlier today, all of which can befound on our website. Further, we relate certain significant one-time revenue andexpense items on an after tax per share basis. Also, some of the performance datawe will review are shown on an annualized basis and in the discussion of thatinterest income, we do this on a fully taxable equivalent basis. Slide three reviews additional aspects of the basis oftodays presentation and discussion. This includes how we will talk about theimpact of the Sky financial acquisition on our performance. You will recall,this acquisition closed on July 1, 2007. As such, impacted results for the fullquarter. Since Sky was about half the size of Huntington, this has resulted in significantchanges on an absolute basis for balance sheet income statement and other itemscompared with prior periods. It also impacted performance measures on a relative basis.Therefore, to help you better understand underlying performance into thequarter, weve tried to estimate the acquisitions impact on reported results.The methodology weve used is described in the basis of presentation discussionat the end of our earnings press release. Importantly, in our discussion today, comparing post mergerperiod results to pre merger periods, we will use the following terms. Mergerrelated refers to amounts and percentage changes, representing the impactattributable to the merger. Merger cost represent expenses primarily associatedwith merger integration activities. Non-merger related refers to performancenot attributable to the merger, and includes merger efficiencies, which are theexpense reductions realized as a result of the merger. Many of you are familiarwith the remaining items, and there usage shown here, but for those of you whoare not, weve provided definitions and rational on this slide. Todays discussion, turning to slide four, including Q &A, may contain forward-looking statements. Such statements are based oninformation, and assumptions available at this time, and are subject to change,risk and uncertainties, which may cause actual results that differ materially.We assume no obligation to update such statements. For a complete discussion ofrisk and uncertainties, please refer to this slide, and material filed with theSEC including our most recent form 10-K, 10-Q and AK filings. Now, turning to todays presentation. As noted on slidefive, participating today are Tom Hoaglin, Chairman and Chief ExecutiveOfficer; Marty Adams, president and Chief Operating Officer; Don Kimble,Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Tim Barber, SeniorVice President of credit risk management. Lets get started, to you Tom.
Tom Hoaglin: Thank you Jay, and welcome everyone. Turning to slide six,Ill begin with a general overview of the quarters highlights. Tom will thenreview the quarters financial performance in some detail. And Ill concludewith comments on our outlook for the 2007 fourth quarter. Marty and Tim will beavailable during the Q &A period. Turning to slide seven. In sum, we were pleased with thequarter. Reported earnings were $0.38 per share, and included $0.06 per sharemerger cost and $0.03 per share market related losses. At least $0.02 of whichwe do not expect will recur. Perhaps the main point I want to make today isthat we have the objective to continue to grow the business in the midst of themerger integration process, and we accomplished it. As we through the numbers and underlying trends, which arecertainly complicated by the acquisition of Sky Financial, this message shouldbe clear. We saw a nice loan and deposit growth in spite of the intenseactivity associated with the systems conversion of Sky, the training of newassociates, and customer transfers. We achieved annualized non-merger relatedgrowth of 8% for total average commercial loans, and 3% for average consumerloans. The average total deposits increased 6%. Net interest income grew by 2%on a link quarter non-merger related basis. (inaudible) performance was mixed. There was very goodgrowth in deposit service charges and other service charges, including debitfees. And their non-merger related brokerage and insurance income declined.This primarily represented seasonality in brokerage and property in casuallyinsures areas. Income for trust services, mortgage banking and other income wasdown, with the last two impacted by market related items. Don will detail thislater. September 22nd was the date of systems conversions, andwere very pleased that this could be accomplished in less than 90 daysfollowing the merger close. There were some bumps along the way, but weve seena positive customer response overall. For example, were getting rave reviewsby former Sky business and retail customers who are now using Huntingtons more robust online bankingcapabilities. Completing this conversion successfully and quickly allowed us torealize more expense saves earlier than we had expected. As a result,non-merger expenses were down $20 million, or $83 million annualized. Itrepresented the realization of 70% of our annualized targeted mergerefficiencies of $115 million. Its nice to see that our adjusted efficiencyratio is now approaching our targeted 50% to 52% range. As far as the conversion and integration efforts, we closedand consolidated 88 full and limited service banking offices, closed or havebegun the process of closing 13 back-office processing and call center sites,reduced 828 full time equivalent staff in the quarter in a 6% reduction fromwhere we began the quarter. With regard to credit, it was a noisy quarter. On one hand,that charge off level of 47 basis points was a few basis points higher than wetargeted a few months ago. But this included $10 million of net charge-offsrelated to the three commercial credits for which we established specificreserves in the second quarter. Its also accounted for a one basis point dropin our reserve ratio. Non-merger related MPAs increased 3%, which given thedifficult environment and what weve seen so far from our peers, we woulddescribe as modest. Perhaps we recognize credit issues in the residential realestate sector earlier than some of our peers. Also, in reflecting theconversion to our load systems, which permits fine-tuning of loanclassification, I want to update you on our exposure to the homebuilder sector.At quarter end it was $1.6 billion or about 4% total loans and leases and isabout $300 million less than our pro forma estimate last June. Finally, I know theres investor interest in our lendingrelationship with Franklin Credit National Corp. Youll recall that wediscussed this at length in last quarters call. As a reminder, their businessmodel is purchasing so-called scratch and dent mortgage assets to a discountand holding them in portfolio. This model is unlike the originate-to-sellmodel, which has caused issues for others. This has been a long-termrelationship and you need to know that we understand their model, their valueproposition and the caliber of their management team very well. We also continuously monitor in detail the performance ofthe collateral supporting our loans to Franklin.Yet, since Franklinis a public company and because of client confidentiality, we are unable todisclose this information. We also cannot comment on any aspects of their thirdquarter performance ahead of their filing of their 10-Q. And as a reminder,like any other commercial loan, its subject to our standard loan grading andreserving methodology, with any changes reflected in our reported results. Whatwe can say is that we remain comfortable with this relationship and all of ourloans to Franklinare performing and there are no delinquencies. Now let me turn the presentation over to Don for more details. Don Kimble Thanks Tom. Turning to slide nine, our reported net incomeis $138.2 million or $0.38 per common share. These results were negativelyimpacted by two significant items. First, $32.3 million or $0.06 per share offinancial merger costs. Second, $18 million or $0.03 per share of netmarket-related losses consisting of four items. $13.2 million from net securitylosses including $23.3 million of (inaudible) losses related to certaininvestments backed by mortgages. $4.4 million of equity investment losses and$3.6 million negative impact from reevaluation of mortgage servicing rights. These are partially offset by a $3.2 million gain fromrepayment of debt. Slide 10 provides a quick snapshot of the quartersperformance. As previously noted, recorded earnings were $0.38 per share. Ournet interest margin was 3.52%, up 26 basis points. This level is consistentwith the pro forma combined second quarter of approximately 3.5%. Average totalcommercial loans increased at an 8% annualized non-merger related base. Average total consumer loans increased at 3% annualizednon-consumer related base, this reflects a growth of our automobile loanscombined with relatively stable balances in both home equity and residentialreal estate loans. Average sold deposits at 6% annualized non-merger relatedgrowth. Much of this growth came in non-core deposits, with balances related tocommercial customer relationships. We had mixed (inaudible) income performance during thequarter, a service charge income showed big growth, up 5% on a non-mergerrelated basis. In contrast, forage income and other income reflected a negativeimpact of the market-related losses previously discussed. Tom mentioned earlier, we were very pleased with our expenselevels for the third quarter. Total NIE decreased by $20.4 million or 5% on anon-merger related basis. This level clearly reflected significant progresstoward our charted annualized expense reduction of $115 million related to theacquisition of Sky. Our charge-off ratio of 47 basis points reflected theimpact of $10 million in charge-offs related to the three commercial creditsdiscussed in the second quarter. Youll recall that these three credits, twocommercial real estate relationships in Southeastern Michigan and one Northern Ohio manufacturing related credit, that is $24.8million in the second quarter. Excluding these charge-offs, our net charge-off ration forthe quarter would have been 37 basis points. Our period end tangible commonequity ratios declined to 5.42% reflecting the impact of the $2.8 billion intangibles from the acquisition of Sky financial, as well as a $1.5 billiontemporary increase in our assets at quarter end, which negatively impacted ourtangible common equity ratio by 17 basis points. Slide 11 provides our customer summary of the quarterfinancial metrics. Most of these will be covered in more detail in laterslides. Slide 12 shows that net interest income on a fully taxable equivalentbasis increased $158 million from the prior quarter. This included $152 millionof merger-related net interest income. The remaining non-merger relatedincrease of %6 million reflected the growth in our balance sheet. The righthand side of the slide shows the trend in our net interest margins, whichincreased from 3.26% last quarter to 3.52% this quarter. The 3.52% margin isconsistent with our expectation for relatively stable margin during the quartercompared to a pro forma second quarter level of 3.5%. Loan and deposit pricing remain relatively stable this pastquarter despite a very competitive market. Slide 15 and the next three slidesthat follow show the trends in our total loans, deposits, income and expenses.To assist with this trend analysis, we have included the current quarter, theprior quarter and last years balances on a reported basis. We then back up theportion of the change that is merger related. The merger related balancesinclude the Sky balances, and for expenses it also includes any merger costsincurred in the quarter. We believe the remaining non-merger related change isa better proxy to the relative change that occurred in those balances. Starting first with loans, looking at the bottom of theslide, total loans for the third quarter were $39.8 billion, up from $26.4billion in the second quarter of 2007. Of this $13.4 billion increase, $12.8billion was merger related. The remaining non-merger related increase of $600million or 6% annualized better reflects the lend quarter growth this pastquarter. Of this $600 million growth, $500 million or 8% annualized related tocommercial loans. The increase in commercial loans is spread across allregions. Six of our 13 regions reported double digit annualized growth and onlyone reported a net decline. Consumer loans, on a non-merger related basis were up $100million or 3% annualized. While automobile loans continue to increase this pastquarter, despite decreases in automobile leases. Average automobile leasescontinue to shrink as expected giving continued aggressive pricing by(inaudible). On a non-merger related basis, both home equity loans andresidential real estate loans remain fairly stable and continue to reflect thesoftness in the real estate market. Now turning to slide 14. Positive growth as reflected bynon-merger related change showed similar season trends than what we experiencedin the third quarter of last year. Over 4 positive balances were up slightly or1% on an annualized basis. Transaction balances show slight link quarter decline. Otherdeposit category trends continue to heavily see migration from saving accountbalances into money market and time deposits. Slide 15 details trends in ourrevenues. Again using the non-merger related change as a proxy for lengthquarter change our total non-interest income decreased $20.2 million from thesecond quarter. This change reflected a $9 million decline in other income inpart due to $4.4 million of equity investment loses in the current quarter and$2.3 million of gains in the second quarter. $8.3 million of higher security loses including $13.2million of net security losses in the current quarter compared with $5.1million of losses in the second quarter. The current quarter losses include $23million of impairment on certain investment securities back by mortgages. Atthe end of the quarter these bond total $22 million of which $16 million wereconsidered impaired. $5.5 million lower brokerage insurance income as the firsthalf of the year included seasonally higher insurance agency commission income.$3.7 million decline in mortgage banking income reflecting the higher MSRhedging losses in this category for the current quarter as well as the declineof non-merge related production. These decreases were partially offset by the$4 million increase in service charge income on deposits Slide 16 reviews the non-interest expense trends. This slideclearly reflects the achievement of a significant portion of the targetedexpense savings in the third quarter. Looking at the bottom right-hand cornerof the slide are non-merger related derived in total NIE with $20.4 millionfrom the second quarter. This reflected realization of over 70% of the $115million targeted expense savings. With the consolidation of branches and otherfacilities and with the systems and operation conversions taking place late inthe third quarter we are well on our way to achieving the expense efficiencytarget. We would expect the achievement of most of the remaining targeted costssavings to be realized in the fourth quarter. Starting with personnel costs our non-merger relateddecrease was $8.4 million from the second quarter. This included the impact ofthe reduction of over 800 full time equivalent staff during the quarter. Thereduction in other expense of $3.8 million and occupancy of $3.6 million alsoreflect the benefits of our merger efficiencies. Our $3.6 million reduction inmarketing reflects the merger efficiencies as well as the impact of the timingof our advertising campaign. Slide 17 shows the trend of in our reported efficiency ratioon the top line. It also shows our efficiency ratio trend after adjusting foritems affecting comparability including merger costs. You will find a completereconciliation between the reported and the adjusted amounts in slide 75 in theappendix. Our reported efficiency ratio decreased slightly in the secondquarter to 57.7%. On an adjusted basis the efficiency ratio decreaseddramatically to 53.2%. This again reflects the impact the cost reductionsachieve from the acquisition. Upon full realization of our targeted savings we should bewithin our long-term targeted range of 50%-52% Slide 18 details capitol trends. At the end of the quarterour tangible equity asset ratio was 5.42% well below our targeted range of 6 to6 and a quarter. The decline in this ratio reflects the impact of the $2.8billion in intangibles reported with the Sky acquisition. It also reflected atemporary $1.5 billion increase in other assets which cleared in October. Thistemporary increase reduced our tangible capital ratio by 17 basis points. Weshould expect our tangible capital ratio to be back in our targeted range bythe middle of 2008. We did not repurchase any common shares in the currentquarter and would not expect any significant share repurchases until ourcapital levels return to our targeted range. Slide 19 provides a high level review of some key creditquality performance trends. First as Tom noted our MTA ratio increased to 1.08% but moreon that in a moment. Our next charge off ratio was 47 basis points and included$10 million or 10 basis points related to the three commercial credits noted inthe last quarters call. These 3 credits resulted in a total provision of  $24.8 million in the second quarter.Adjusting for this $10 million provision expense exceeded net charge offs by $5million. Consumer charge off increased at 67 basis points this quarter up from41 basis points in the prior quarter. Increase in charge off for all consumercategories were seen throughout this quarter reflecting some seasonal trendalso reflecting the impact at Sky and the continued pressures on the realestate markets in general but in particular the south eastern Michigan and thenorthern Ohio markets. Our expectations for consistent level excuse me areexpectations are for consistent level of consumer charge off for the nextseveral quarters. Our 90 days plus delinquency levels increase slightly fromthe prior quarters. Some of this increase might be attributed to the timing ofour integration efforts during the quarter. Our allowance for loan or lease losses remain fairlyconsistent with the June 30th levels of 1.15% of loans again more on thislater. The non-performing loan and non-performing asset coverageratio will be reviewed in greater detail in subsequent slides. In sum while there were some changes in selected creditquality ratios our overall credit quality trend were consistent with the secondquarter levels and expectations. We will talk about the other items in the following slidesbut first some comments on the non-performing asset trend. Slide 20 illustrates the trend of non-performing assets,which increase $174 million. However, this increase is primarily driven by themerger and the decision to classify impaired investment security asNPA.Excluding these impacts NPAs increase $13 million, a 3% increase from theend of last quarter.The table on the right provides the details. First the Sky acquisition accounted for $144.5 million ofthe increase and came in free form. $100.5 million represented NTLs classified as loan sell per sale andrepresent the impaired loans from Sky that have been identified for sale. Weare in the process of actually marking these loans and would expect asignificant portion of them to be sold by year-end. $32.7 million represent acquired non-performing loans thatremain characterized as NTLs and $11.3 of OREO. The second piece represented$16.3 mil of impaired investment security. These non-accruing investmentsecurities represent the remaining balance of the investment securities thathave been identified as impaired. Any future cash statements either interest orprint form will reduce the remaining balances. The third and the last piece was the $13 million increase ofnon-merger related NPL and OREO. Slide 21 shows the trend of our net charge off ratios byloan category. Total commercial charge off for $17.3 million or 31 basis pointswhich included the $10 million in charge offs on the three credits mentioned inthe second quarter call. After these charge offs are middle market C9 and commercialreal estate charge offs would have been below our long term targeted ranges.Oursmall business related charge offs also continue to be below our expectedlevel. Our total consumer charge offs increased from the previous quarterlevels. Our auto loan /lease charge offs of 73 basis points return amore expected ranges up from previous historical low rates. The home equity andresidential real estate charge off increased from 43 and 16 basis points to 50and 32 basis points respectively. These increases reflect the continued real estate marketweakness particularly in the Southeastern Michigan and Northern Ohio. The graph on the left hand of slide 22 shows the trend inour allowance for loan and lease losses. At quarter end the allowance for loanand lease losses was $455 million up $147 million from the end of the priorquarter. This increase included $157 mil addition to the allowance from Skyless the $10 million of charge offs on three the commercial credit against thereserves established for them in the second quarter. The chart on the right hand side of the slide shows a trendin our ALLL component. The transaction portion of the allowance is a determinedon a loan-by-loan basis and provides a very transparent picture of theunderlying credit quality of the portfolio. Economic reserve component is determined based on a trendfor economic indicators. The quarter end levels of each of the two components thetransaction reserve and the economic reserve as a percent of the loan are veryconsistent with the pro forma June 30th levels of the combined company but nomeans will change incur throughout the quarter. On slide 23 the allowance for unfunded loans commitment wasshown separately from the total allowance for loan and lease losses. You willrecall we report the allowance for unfunded loan commitments separately as aliability. However both reserves are available to cover credit loss and foranalytical purposes we add these two together in a total allowance for creditlosses amount The third slide item on the slide.  The first set of ratios compares the reportedallowance for loan and lease losses to the period in loans and leases NPA andNPL.  On this basis our period end loanoffer (inaudible) ratios as noted, the core was 1.14% down one basis point andour NPA and NPL covered ratios were 105% and 182% respectively. The second set of ratios compares the combined allowance forcredit losses or ACL to the period end loans and leases to NPAs andNPLs.  On this basis, our period endreserve ratio was 1.28% down two basis points with NPA and NPL coverage ratiosof 118% and 206% respectively. Looking at changes in coverage ratios in the loan lossreserve ratios and concluding that the credit has deteriorated or improved orthat the reserves have been weakened or strengthened in our view is toosimplistic.  This does not take intoaccount the quality of the NPA.  This isparticularly true given the two new additions of NPA categories thisquarter.  Keep in mind that the $100million of NPAs represented by loan sell for sale as well as $16 million ofNPAs represented by impaired investment securities have already been writtendown to their lower cost or market values. Further, a significant portion of the loans sell for saleare expected to be sold in the fourth quarter. And with all future payments onthe impaired investment securities being applied to principle we expect thesebalances to also decline in the fourth quarter. Yet these balances were excluded from our NPA balances our allowance forloan losses as a percentage of NPAs would increase to 143% and our allowancefor credit losses with percent of NPAs would increase to 161%. With thisbackdrop, I turn the presentation back over to Tom who will provide comments onour 2007 fourth quarter outlook.
Tom Hoaglin: Thanks Don. Turning to slide 24.  As you know, when earnings guidance is givenit is our practice to do so on a GAAP basis unless otherwise noted.  Such guidance includes the expected resultsof all significant forecasted activities. However guidance typically excludes selected items where the timing andfinancial impact is uncertain until the impact can be reasonably forecast andit excludes any unusual onetime items as well. Wallets are practiced to provide annual EPS guidance rangewhen it comes to the last quarter of the year this discussion really boils downto fourth quarter discussion as noted here. Well discuss our 2008 outlook in our January earnings call, in which wewill include $0.09 of earning secretions from merger deficiencies asexpected. Were targeting 2007 fourth quarter earnings of $0.45 to$0.47 per share excluding merger costs. We anticipate that the economic environment will continue to benegatively impacted by weakness in residential real estate markets andstruggles in the automotive manufacturing and suppliers sector. It continues tobe our expectation that any impacts will be greatest in their SE Michigan or Northern Ohio markets. And however interest rates maychange we expect to maintain our customary relatively neutral interest raterisk position. Given this backdrop, here are our outlook comments, which onbalance have not changed much since last quarter.  Revenue growth in the low to mid single digitrange.  This is expected to reflect adead interest margin that is relatively stable compared to the third quarters3.52%. Annualized average total loan growth in the mid single digit range withcommercial in the mid to upper single digit range total consumer loans beingrelatively flat reflecting continued softness in residential mortgages and homeequity loan growth. Poor deposit growthin the low to mid single digit range. Non-interest expense growth in the mid tohigher single digit range. Non-interest incoming growth in the mid to higher singledigit range.  Non-interest expense isexpected to be flat to down from the third quarter. Please note this growth rate excludes any negative impactfrom merger costs but does include the benefit of additional expenseefficiencies. Merger costs for the fourth quarter are expected to be $15million to $25 million.  Annualizedexpense efficiencies remain targeted at 115 million with most of the remainingannualized benefit expected to be achieved in the fourth quarter. Regardingcredit quality performance we anticipate a fourth quarter net charge off ratiothat will approximate the third quarter performance at forty seven basis pointsplus or minus. Non-performing loans on an absolute relative basis areexpected to increase modestly.  Incontrast not performing assets on an absolute and relative basis are expectedto decline as related loans held for sale are sold. The one loss reserve ratio will increase modestly, also forSeptember 30 level of 1.14 percent. In addition we are assuming no significantmarket rate related losses and no share reverses activity. All of this resultsin a targeted reporting APS for the 2007 4th quarter earnings of  $0.40 to $0.47 per share excluding anyadditional merger costs. This completes our prepared remarks. Marty, Don, TimBarber, Jay and I will be happy to take your questions. We will now turn themeeting back over to the operator who will provide instructions for conductingthe question and answer period. Operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The question comes from the line ofScott Siefers.
Scott Siefers -Sandler ONeill: Good afternoon guys, I just had a couple of questions. Tom Ithink at towards the beginning of your comments when you were kind of goingthrough the unusual items and then there the $0.03 of the market-to-marketissues in this quarter, I think you said two of those cents arent likely tooccur. I was just curious what you meant by that?  In other words do you guys have something inthere that is likely to kind of come back again?
Tom Hoaglin: We really have no clearer picture quarter to quarter forwhat the MSR impact is going to be. This past quarter Scott it was larger thanit has been in the past we hoped that would be the case but were not predictingwhether it will or it wont, obviously depends a lot on market volatility. Wedont expect to incur the same kind of right downs on securities that we didthis past quarter and so that comprises the bulk. Nor do we expect to have the(inaudible) negative market to market actually we had to take hedge fundinvestments so thats really what Im referring to.
Scott Siefers -Sandler ONeill: Okay thanks and then, I guess the next question would be forTim, I was hoping you could just kind of go through the way youre thinkingabout the reserve and specifically what I was looking at was the economicreserve. And I guess I was just a little surprised to see it decline as apercent of loans just given kind of whats gone on in the last quarter or soyou know its potentially increased risk over (inaudible), etc How are youguys thinking about that piece of the reserve? What would it take for you tohave to boost that piece up, etc?
Donald R. Kimble: This is Don, Ill go ahead and take a crack at this and Timcan jump in and correct me if I lead too far astray. Essentially the ratiothere for the economic reserve is very consistent for what we would appear on aperformance base as of June 30th. Essentially, Sky had an unallocated reserveand essentially that becomes the economic reserve so what youre looking at ischanges in that relative balance based on relative changes in those foureconomic indicators. The net contribution of all four of those indicators wasrelatively stable this past quarter and there wasnt a huge change. Do you haveanything else on that?
Tim Barber: I think thats exactly correct.
Tom Hoaglin: So, I think. This is Tom, Scott. So, I think that componentof the reserve is as it always has been subject to change from this pointforward as the economic indicators we rely on which (inaudible).
Scott Siefers -Sandler ONeill: Okay. Sounds good thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We have on the line is Andrea Jao
Andrea Jao: Hello. Good Afternoon. Hello. I have a question for Tim. I was hope -- I know thatyou monitor you know the migration of credit markets of your commercialreal-estate portfolios.
Tim Barber: Sure Andrea. The, uh, obviously we dont have a lot ofhistory, as much history on the Sky portfolios as talking about for individualquarters right now. Its pretty difficult. We have seen a general slow down inthe migration into the criticized classified area compared to a couple quartersago. Nothing really pops out dramatically one way or another at this point.Were pretty pleased with some of the part components of single-familybuilders as Tom mentioned the NPA ratio on that remained relatively constant.We havent seen a lot of improvements since our last deep dive or scrub of thatportfolio.
Andrea Jao: That sounds good actually. How about on changing gears, howabout on home equity are you seeing any impact of elevated foreclosures in thatportfolio?
Tim Barber: Most of what weve seen in the home equity and residentialworld has been what Id call market related or the loss given to fault. Westill feel pretty good about the migration into the default category as beingrelatively consistent. Its more a matter of the losses given to (inaudible) atthis point and again thats something we spend a great deal of time on andreally track on a month to month basis, talk about it quarterly.
Tom Hoaglin: Tim, this is Tom. I think your point of view historicallyhas been. You better be right about the people to whom youre lending becausewhen you get to a default, the default is going to be the loss is going to besevere. So, thats our concentration over the last few years, which has beentoward increasing the quality of the borrower to whom were lending. Thats alittle bit reflective at our decision a couple years ago or so to back way downon our reliance on brokered originations, you want to comment further on that.
Tim Barber: Yeah, I think thats exactly correct. Weve had thatconversation in the past, we spend a great deal of time on the borrower thathas I think borne some fruit in this market as the real-estate values continueto decline were assuming that continued 1 to 2% decline overall in valuesacross our market at least through the course of 2008 and we will continue tofocus on the borrower in our underwriting decisions.
Andrea Jao: Great that helps, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Wolf.
Jay Gould: Hi Heather
Heather Wolf -Merrill Lynch: I noticed you guys had a bit of a pick-up in the (inaudible)the auto book. Im wondering if you could give us some color on your outlookthere?
Tim Barber: Sure Heather, we have been over past over the course of thepast 4 quarters or so at what I call historically low levels and we talkedabout that over the course of those calls. We have anticipated a generalincrease back up to the ranges that weve laid out as our long-term goals andthis quarter, this quarter saw that move. I dont think were going to see orwe will not see similar increases over the course of coming quarters, butprobably reasonably stable with our third quarter results.
Tom Hoaglin: Tim I think that we often see an increase in the thirdquarter (inaudible) over the second.
Tim Barber: There are some clearly some (inaudible) of this associatedwith third and fourth quarter over second quarter from a comparison standpointand as we talked about or Tom mentioned that portfolio and that includes the Skypiece so there was some impact from that as well.
Heather Wolf -Merrill Lynch: Okay and just to refresh your memories, what do you view asnormalized for the auto-book?
Tim Barber: Auto (inaudible) 65-75 and leases in the 60-pointrange.
Unidentified CompanyRepresentative: 50 to 60, if you look at slide 129 Heather you see that thesummary of all the log categories.
Heather Wolf -Merrill Lynch: Got it, got it thank you and then just one question on themargin. I dont know if this was in the packet anywhere but can you tell uswhat your core margin did at the side merger?
Unidentified CompanyRepresentative: I said our core margin was very stable, that we hadpredicted, we had shown margins in the second quarter at 350 range, were at352. I say core margin may have been down a basis point or two just because ofsome of the higher national market funding costs that not much impact overall.
Heather Wolf -Merrill Lynch: Okay and do you expect any core improvement from that(inaudible)?
Unidentified Company Representative: We are positioned by the interest rate neutrals we couldpossibly be right now so I dont see any potential lift or harm from thatmovement or lack of movements going forward.
Tom Hoaglin: Weve always thought Heather that the greater risk oropportunity for us comes from the competitive environment in our localmarketswhat national rates do.
Heather Wolf -Merrill Lynch: Got it. Great thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Marquardt.
Jay Gould: Hi Andrew. Andrew? Operator?
Andrew Marquardt -Fox-Pitt: Hi, can you guys here me?
Jay Gould: Oh Yeah, there we go.
Andrew Marquardt -Fox-Pitt: Okay.  Thanks. Can youguys just review again Franklincredit, I appreciate the comments in the beginning, but can you flesh that outa little bit in terms of your view with regard to still being committed toreducing that relationship on an absolute and relative basis. Is there anycolor you can help provide if any with regard to the if thats grown thisquarter if not do you have to change your amounts of reserves against it thisquarter? Thanks.
Marty Adams: Hi this is Marty Adams, Tim and I will take the question wehave continued to consider to refinancing in the quarter and have done some forFranklin credit, we are also continuing to becommitted to reducing the overall level of exposure to Franklin credit so its just consistent withwhat weve told you in the past. Tim do you have anything to add to that?
Tim Barber: I guess on the reserve question we did add a slight amountto the reserve as we applied our normal reserve methodology via the commercialgrading system to the portfolio from where it was as of June 30th on the Skybooks.
Andrew Marquardt -Fox-Pitt: Okay, is it possible to quantify to find how many reservesare allocated to this (inaudible).
Tom Hoaglin: Andrew, this is Tom. I would say that we apply reserves toall of our loan relationships (inaudible) dont feel we should discuss whatkind of reserves are established for any of our customers.
Andrew Marquardt -Fox-Pitt: Okay. Thanks. Separately, with regards to new charges afterthe fourth quarter were 47 basis points thats still above your normalizedrange of 35 to 45 basis points. When do you think one should get back to inthat range or should we expect at that kind of at the top end should hold for awhile, not given the environment, beyond, into 2008.
Donald R. Kimble: Andrew this is Don and well be providing guidance for 2008in January. Id say our charge-offs were higher than last quarter because ofthe commercial cut-off we saw from the last three credits, but also because theconsumer charge increased. We did say we expect consumer charge fee off thesystem with the current level for the next couple of quarters.
Unidentified CompanyRepresentative: Don I think wed be better to provide guidance in Januarywhen the overall charge operates.
Andrew Marquardt -Fox-Pitt: Okay Great. Thank you.
Jay Gould: Thanks, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Fred Cummings
Jay Gould: Fred?
Fred Cummings: Hey Jay
Jay Gould: Fred.
Fred Cummings: Actually, most of my questions have been answered, but I didhave one and I dont think anyones asked about the any deposit attrition inwhat you were planning for and how things have gone its still pretty early onthat front and then even more importantly the, your ability to retain keyproduction of a personnel?
Marty Adams: Hey, Fred, this is Marty Adams and again its nice to have aquestion about the conversion integration, which occurred on the 22nd ofSeptember, as you know it was very significant. As Tom mentioned we grew by(inaudible) percent and are very pleased so far. We did have consolidation ofapproximately 88 offices, but we had as we talked about in the last call aneffort to really contact individually and tell what was happening to eachcustomer all the highly valued customers we did that we showed a lot of successout there. The conversion went very well overall and what helped that wasretaining the Sky associates coming over to Huntington. We did have 7 individuals who hadnot been with Sky very long leave and go with an (inaudible) competitor to theCleveland Market other than that were very very pleased how that went.
Tom Hoaglin: Fred this is Tom, I dont think theres any question thatthere has been customer attrition there always is but I personally have talkedto many Sky business customers as has. Marty, consistently the message weregetting is Really looking forward to our relationship with Huntingtonand so we very much believe that any customer attrition will be well within theassumptions we made when we announced the transaction last December and nothingreally out of the ordinary.
Fred Cummings: And just one other question just to clarify on this Franklincredit situation if and when you reduce the size of your exposure to Franklinwill you indeed communicate that to investors or is going to be a function ofinvestors having to look at 10-Q.
Tom Hoaglin: Fred as much as there is a desire which we understand andrespect on the part of investors and analysts to get lots of information herewe probably wouldnt disclose the extent of a credit relationship we had withyou if it were in question and more can we do so with this one so to the degreethat Franklin chooses to provide the information than we certainly respect thatbut we are limited I hope everybody understands why in the amount ofinformation we can provide directly.
Fred Cummings: OK, thanks Tom.
Tom Hoaglin: Thanks Fred.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Mike Holton.
Tom Hoaglin: Hi Mike
Mike Holton: Clarification of something that I think Tim may have saidearlier Tim did you say that youre assumption was for one, two 2% in terms ofhome pricing depreciation in 2008 across your footprint?
Tim Barber: Correct.
Mike Holton: That seems like that may not be conservative enough.
Tom Hoaglin: This is Tom. One of the things you have to keep in mind isour markets were not driven higher through speculation we never had priceappreciation in many of our markets so if youre getting a lot of pricedepreciation on the coast for example there is probably good reason for thatand we fully we see that our markets are soft. They are particularly soft in SE Michigan in SE Michigan theprice depreciation has been more than that and will continue to be more thanbut if you look across the Huntington footprint in the Midwest I think that1-2% or so depreciation probably works out to be on target.
Mike Holton: I think that as Tom mentioned it clearly is differentiatedby region SE Michigan is problematic for us but it also reflects what webelieve our portfolio contains so if I was talking about the entire key of theregions we operate I might have a little different opinion that is based on whowe are lending to and what we expect to happen to our properties.
Jay Gould: Operator?
Operator: At this time there are no further questions.
Jay Gould: OK, I would like to thank everybody for participating in ourcall than if you have follow up questions as always give Jack and me a callwell see you next quarter. Bye.
