===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2023 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Kevin and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome, everyone, to our second quarter conference call. Today, I will share some thoughts on the energy transition and then discuss our continued progress in executing our strategy. Then Greg Hill will cover our operations and John Rielly will review our financial results. First, in terms of the energy transition, it is important to realize that progress has been made towards the goal of the Paris Agreement. According to the International Energy Agency, or the IEA, the global median temperature increase prior to the Paris Agreement was 3.5 degrees Celsius. Today, according to the IEA's stated policy scenario, the world is on a trajectory to a median temperature increase of 2.5 degrees. However, much more progress is required and we currently are not on a path to meeting the Paris Agreement's goal of 1.5 degrees. There are 3 important gaps affecting the pace of progress. First, the world is facing a structural deficit in energy supply and the key challenge is investment. To meet growing energy demand, the world needs to invest $4 trillion each year for the next 10 years in clean energies, significantly more than last year's investment of $1.4 trillion. The world also needs to invest $500 billion each year for the next 10 years in oil and gas, as compared with $300 billion to $400 billion invested annually in the last 5 years. Second, developed countries have a gap between their current pledges and the investments they are making to reach their emission reduction commitments. For example, the United States has pledged a 50% reduction in emissions by 2030. And even with the incentives in the Inflation Reduction Act, our nation will likely fall far short of that pledge. Finally, developing countries are also facing large gaps in their aspirations for emission reductions. I recently had the honor of speaking at the Energy Asia Conference in Kuala Lumpur. Asia represents 50% of the world's population, 50% of global energy use and 50% of global emissions and will, therefore, play a key role in the energy transition. The conference speakers, both government officials and business leaders, made it clear that Asia will need to find the right balance between energy affordability and emission reduction commitments. At COP28 in December of this year, developing countries' voices must be heard to address their rights to economic prosperity and a higher standard of living. The reality is that the energy transition will take a long time, cost a lot of money and require many technologies that do not exist today. We must recognize that oil and gas will be needed for decades to come and are fundamental to an orderly, just and secure energy transition. Policymakers need to have climate literacy, energy literacy and economic literacy to enable a net zero future. In a world that will require reliable, low-cost oil and gas resources for decades ahead, we believe that Hess offers a unique value proposition for investors. We continue to execute our strategy to deliver high-return resource growth, a low cost of supply and industry-leading cash flow growth and, at the same time, maintain our industry leadership in environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure. In terms of resource growth with multiple phases of Guyana developments coming online and our robust inventory of high-return drilling locations in the Bakken, we can deliver highly profitable production growth of more than 10% annually through 2027. In terms of low cost of supply, as our resource base continues to expand, particularly in Guyana, where our first 5 developments have breakevens in the range of $25 to $35 per barrel Brent, we will steadily move down the cost curve. By 2027, we forecast that our cash unit costs will decline by 25% to approximately $10 per BOE. In terms of cash flow growth, we have an industry-leading rate of chain story and an industry-leading duration story, providing a highly differentiated value proposition. Based upon a flat Brent oil price of $75 per barrel, our cash flow is forecast to increase by approximately 25% annually between 2022 and 2027, more than twice as fast as our top line growth. And our balance sheet will also continue to strengthen, with our most recent debt-to-EBITDAX ratio at approximately 1x. Successful execution of our strategy has uniquely positioned our company to deliver significant value to shareholders for years to come, both by growing intrinsic value and by growing cash returns. We plan to continue increasing our regular dividend to a level that is attractive to income-oriented investors but sustainable in a low oil price environment. As our free cash flow generation steadily increases in future years, share repurchases are expected to represent a growing proportion of our return of capital. By investing only in high-return low-cost opportunities, we have built a differentiated and balanced portfolio focused on Guyana, the Bakken, Deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia. Key to our strategy is Guyana, the industry's largest oil province discovered in the last decade, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator. Since 2015, we have had more than 30 discoveries on the Stabroek Block, underpinning a gross discovered recoverable resource estimate of more than 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent, with multibillion barrels of exploration potential remaining. In June, we were honored to be named E&P Explorer of the Year in the 15th annual Wood Mackenzie exploration industry survey for the second consecutive year. In terms of Guyana developments, we currently have line of sight to 6 floating production, storage and offloading vessels, or FPSOs, in 2027, with a gross production capacity of more than 1.2 million barrels of oil per day and the potential for up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources on the Stabroek Block. In the Bakken, we have a 15-year inventory of high-return drilling locations to enable us to steadily grow net production to approximately 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2025. We plan to continue operating a 4-rig program which will enable us to fully optimize our infrastructure, lower our unit cash costs and generate significant levels of free cash flow. Turning to our operated offshore assets. In the Gulf of Mexico, we had a successful oil discovery during the quarter at the Hess-operated Pickerel-1 well with approximately 90 feet of high-quality net pay which we plan to tie back to our Tubular Bells Production Facility, with first oil expected in mid-2024. In Southeast Asia, we have 2 important long-life natural gas assets, North Malay Basin and the joint development area, or JDA. Our major priorities going forward are to continue to maximize cash flow and production at North Malay Basin and to work with the governments of Malaysia and Thailand to extend our PSC agreement at the JDA. As we execute our company strategy, we will continue to be guided by our long-standing commitment to sustainability and are proud to be an industry leader in this area. Last week, we announced the publication of our 26th Annual Sustainability Report which provides a comprehensive review of our strategy and performance on environmental, social and governance programs, including our net zero commitment and the significant progress we have made toward our 2025 emissions reduction targets. In summary, we continue to successfully execute our strategy to deliver industry-leading cash flow growth and financial returns to our shareholders, while safely and responsibly producing oil and gas to help meet the world's growing energy needs. As a result, our company is uniquely positioned to deliver significant value to shareholders for years to come, both by growing intrinsic value and by growing cash returns. As our portfolio becomes increasingly free cash flow positive, we will continue to prioritize the return of capital to our shareholders through further dividend increases and share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. In the second quarter, we demonstrated strong operational performance across our portfolio. Company-wide net production averaged 387,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, well above our guidance of approximately 355,000 to 365,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the third quarter, we expect company-wide net production to average approximately 385,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance and hurricane contingency in the Gulf of Mexico. For the full year 2023, we now expect company-wide net production to average between 385,000 and 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from our previous guidance of 365,000 to 375,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, primarily reflecting our strong performance in the first half of 2023 and the expected startup of the Payara development in Guyana early in the fourth quarter. Turning to the Bakken. Second quarter net production of 181,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day was above our guidance of 165,000 to 170,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with approximately half of the increase due to strong operational performance and the remainder from higher production entitlements under our percentage of proceeds contracts as a result of lower NGL prices. In the second quarter, we drilled 32 wells and brought 30 new wells online. In the third quarter, we expect to drill approximately 27 new wells and bring online approximately 30 new wells. For the full year 2023, we expect to drill and bring online approximately 110 new wells. Individual well results in terms of IP180s and EURs continue to meet or exceed expectations. For the third quarter, we expect Bakken net production to average approximately 185,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And for the full year 2023, we have increased our forecast of net production to between 175,000 and 180,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from our previous guidance of 165,000 to 170,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to the offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, second quarter net production averaged 32,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the third quarter, we expect net production to average approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance downtime and hurricane contingency. For the full year 2023, we continue to forecast Gulf of Mexico net production to average approximately 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We are excited to announce that the first well of our 2023 Gulf of Mexico drilling program has resulted in an oil discovery. The Hess operated Pickerel-1 infrastructure-led exploration well in Mississippi Canyon, encountered approximately 90-feet of net pay and high-quality oil-bearing Miocene-aged reservoir. Long lead construction activities are underway to tie the well back to the Tubular Bells production facility, with production expected to commence in mid-2024. Following Pickerel, we plan to drill the Black Pearl development well in which Hess is the operator and has a 25% working interest and Chevron, CNOC and Equinor each have 25%. This well is planned as a tieback to the Stampede Production Facility. Following Black Pearl, we plan to drill the Vancouver prospect located in Green Canyon Block 287. Vancouver is a large hub class exploration prospect, targeting subsalt Miocene-age reservoir. Hess is the operator and has 40% working interest and Shell and Chevron each have 30%. In Southeast Asia, second quarter net production averaged 64,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the third quarter and full year of 2023, we forecast net production to average approximately 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest in the Stabroek Block, second quarter net production averaged 110,000 barrels of oil per day at the high end of our guidance range of 105,000 to 110,000 barrels of oil per day, driven by strong facility uptime and well performance. For the third quarter, net production from Guyana is expected to also average approximately 110,000 barrels of oil per day. We now expect full year 2023 net production to average approximately 115,000 barrels of oil per day compared to our previous guidance range of 105,000 to 110,000 barrels of oil per day, reflecting the expected early fourth quarter start-up of Payara, with a gross production capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day. We forecast Payara to contribute approximately 15,000 net barrels of oil per day in the fourth quarter. Turning to our fourth development, Yellowtail. The overall project is approximately 60% complete and remains on track for first oil in 2025, with a gross production capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day. The fifth development, Uaru, was sanctioned in April. Uaru will develop more than 800 million barrels of oil from the Uaru, Mako and Snook fields. The FPSO will have a gross production capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day and is on track to achieve first oil in 2026. With regard to our sixth development, Whiptail, the partnership anticipates submitting a plan of development to the government of Guyana in the fourth quarter, with first oil targeted for 2027. Now turning to exploration. In Guyana, the Stabroek Block exploration license was formally extended by 1 year to October 2027 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The extension also pushes out the contractual acreage relinquishment by 1 year to October 2024. In the Fangtooth area, drill stem tests and core analysis are ongoing. Moving forward, we plan to drill the Bacher-1 well which is a deep prospect located approximately 7 miles west of Fangtooth-1 and the Lancetfish-1 well, located approximately 2 miles southwest of Fangtooth-1. We also plan to drill the Lancetfish-2 appraisal well also in the Fangtooth area. Exploration and appraisal activities are also planned in the southeastern portion of the block to better understand the longer-term potential of this area. Activities will include drilling and exploration prospect called Blue Fin, located approximately 6 miles southwest of Himara-1. In closing, we achieved strong operational performance in the quarter. The Bakken is on a steady growth trajectory. We had exploration success in the Gulf of Mexico with more drilling planned. Our Southeast Asia assets continued to deliver steady production through high reliability and successful ongoing drilling programs. And Guyana keeps getting bigger and better, all of which position us to deliver significant shareholder value for years to come. I will now turn the call over to John Reilly.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the second quarter of 2023 to the first quarter of 2023. We had net income of $119 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared with $346 million in the first quarter of 2023. On an adjusted basis which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings, we had net income of $201 million in the second quarter of 2023. Turning to E&P. E&P adjusted net income was $237 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared with $405 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P earnings between the second quarter and first quarter of 2023 were as follows: higher sales volumes increased earnings by $66 million, lower realized selling prices decreased earnings by $118 million, higher cash costs and Midstream tariffs decreased earnings by $71 million, higher exploration expenses decreased earnings by $34 million. All other items decreased earnings by $11 million, for an overall decrease in second quarter earnings of $168 million. For the second quarter, our E&P oil sale volumes were overlifted compared with production by approximately 100,000 barrels which had an insignificant impact on our after-tax results for the quarter. Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $62 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared with $61 million in the previous quarter. Midstream EBITDA before noncontrolling interest amounted to $247 million in the second quarter compared to $238 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position. At June 30, excluding the Midstream segment, cash and cash equivalents were $2.2 billion. Total liquidity was $5.6 billion, including available committed credit facilities and debt and finance lease obligations totaled $5.6 billion. During the second quarter, we received net proceeds of $217 million from the public offering of approximately 6.4 million Hess-owned Class A shares of Hess Midstream and the sale of approximately 1.7 million Hess-owned Class B units to Hess Midstream. Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $974 million in the second quarter compared with $1.03 billion in the first quarter. E&P capital and exploratory expenditures were $933 million in the second quarter of 2023 compared to $765 million in the previous quarter. Now turning to guidance. Our E&P cash costs were $13.97 per barrel of oil equivalent in the second quarter of 2023 which was lower than our guidance of $15.50 to $16 per barrel of oil equivalent, primarily due to higher production. We project E&P cash costs to be in the range of $14 to $14.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and in the range of $13.50 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year which is at the lower end of our previous guidance of $13.50 to $14.50 per barrel of oil equivalent. DD&A expense was $12.79 per barrel of oil equivalent in the second quarter of 2023. DD&A expense is forecast to be in the range of $12.50 to $13 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and in the range of $13 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year which is at the lower end of our previous guidance of $13 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent. This results in projected total E&P unit operating cost to be in the range of $26.50 to $27.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for both the third quarter and full year 2023. Exploration expenses, excluding dry haul costs, are expected to be approximately $60 million in the third quarter and approximately $170 million for the full year which is updated from the previous guidance of $160 million to $170 million. The Midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $320 million to $330 million for the third quarter and full year guidance of $1.230 billion to $1.250 billion remains unchanged. E&P income tax expense is expected to be in the range of $170 million to $180 million for the third quarter and full year guidance of $670 million to $680 million remains unchanged. We expect noncash option premium amortization which will be reflected in our realized selling prices, will be $52 million for the third quarter and full year guidance of $190 million remains unchanged. Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $1.025 billion in the third quarter and full year guidance of approximately $3.7 billion remains unchanged. Turning to Midstream. We anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $55 million to $60 million for the third quarter and $240 million to $250 million for the full year which is down from the previous guidance of $255 million to $265 million, reflecting the impact of the Midstream capital market transactions completed in the second quarter. Turning to Corporate. Corporate expenses are estimated to be approximately $25 million for the third quarter and $110 million to $120 million for the full year which is lower than the previous guidance of $120 million to $130 million due to higher interest income. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $75 million to $80 million for the third quarter and $300 million to $310 million for the full year which is updated from the previous guidance of $305 million to $315 million. This concludes my remarks. We'll be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Greg, I wonder if I could just ask a couple on Guyana. First of all, with Payara, you gave the guidance of the expected production for the fourth quarter but can you give us some idea of the ramp up? When would you expect to see full facility production at Payara?
Greg Hill: Yes. So thanks for that question, Doug. Yes, as we mentioned it's coming on early in the fourth quarter and I would expect the ramp-up to be like Liza Phase 2 kind of on the order of 5 months or so in terms of ramp Payara is a little bit bigger, so it might take marginally a little bit longer but I would say 5 months, yes.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Is there a debottlenecking strategy around Payara like you've done in Liza 1 and 2?
Greg Hill: Yes, I think there will be because there is a lot of discovered resource in and around Payara. So there will definitely be a debottlenecking strategy as well.
Doug Leggate: My follow-up is really on exploration. It seems Exxon -- I guess yourselves and Exxon submitted a 35-well program that's been approved by the government now. So I guess that fits into that timeline you were talking about with the extension. But I'm really trying to understand what this means for the risked resource view. You haven't updated the 11 billion barrels for about 1.5 years and our understanding from our field trip down there was that Fangtooth Southeast was a success. So can you give us some update as to when you would expect to see the resource numbers revised?
John Hess: Sure. Doug. It's John and thanks for the question. Look, we have a very active exploration appraisal program this year on the Stabroek Block. A lot of it in terms of appraisal, especially in the Fangtooth area. Greg addressed that in his remarks. And other appraisal on the block, some exploration on the block. And I think the real takeaway, Doug, is that we still see multibillion barrels of oil equivalent. And at the appropriate time, we'll consider increasing the resource estimate of greater than 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent.
Doug Leggate: Just to be clear, John, the 11 billion relates to how many discoveries?
John Hess: Doug, that line continues to get upgraded. And I would say, it's the overall program and there's still more to be recognized from some of the outstanding wells we drilled. As you know, a lot of evaluation work is underway in an area like Fangtooth. And until we get that evaluation work done, including the drill stem test, production tests, it's a little premature to jump that number until we're ready to give more clarity on it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Securities.
Arun Jayaram: Greg, I was wondering if you could give us maybe an update on how the debottlenecking efforts are going at Liza 1 and Liza 2. Are there any other projects scheduled for the back half of the year? And give us a sense of where you think the new plateau level of production is for both facilities in the post debottlenecking?
Greg Hill: Sure. So Arun, as you know, Liza Phase 1 has already been debottlenecked. It's comfortably operating in the 145 to 150 range on a regular basis, so I think that's about what you can expect out of that one. If we look at Liza Phase 2, so that's Unity, it's producing above its nameplate of 220. It's sometimes as high as 240. The operator has a plan to further debottleneck that facility between now and the end of the year. So I think we'll be approaching the 250 number as we get sort of towards the end of the year. And then there's another kind of an engineering project next year to look at the possibility of further debottlenecking Phase 2. I think the operator is quite comfortable with a number around 400,000 barrels a day from both of those facilities and I would add that's 20% above the sanction case. So ExxonMobil is just doing an extraordinary job of debottlenecking, higher reliability. I can't say enough about the outstanding job they're doing as an operator.
Arun Jayaram: Great, that's helpful. And maybe one for John Rielly. John, I was wondering if you could maybe offer some soft CapEx guidance for 2024, including kind of an expectation that you do kind of purchase the FPSO and you obviously announced the discovery now at Pickerel.
John Rielly: Thanks, Arun. As you know, it's a little early for 2024 capital. We do -- there is a plan to purchase the Unity FPSO in 2024. But look, we're still working on Whiptail, getting the final cost estimates in on that. So I think what we'll do is provide our typical 2024 guidance in January.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: John, I know you reiterated full year budget at $3.7 billion. But the first half year is a bit low and so where the ramp-up is going to be in the second half?
John Rielly: Yes. So we have Guyana, obviously, the ramp going there, getting Payara online. And look, we managed just the progression of the developments there. So we'll be working on Yellowtail. There's obviously working on Uaru. So you just got -- the back half of the year, you've got more spend coming in Guyana. Then also, what we have is the Gulf of Mexico rig. So as Greg mentioned, we have -- that rig came in right at the tail end of Q2 and so it drilled Pickerel. We had the success there. And as Greg mentioned, it's going to be doing Black Pearl and then Vancouver. So again, that's tilted towards the second half of the year. And the only other thing I would add on that and this was expected, is that the weather window up in North Dakota, this is the best time for some of the facilities to work up there. So that's why we get a little bit more in the back half in the Bakken as well.
Paul Cheng: And I mean -- do you think there's any reasonable probability the full year spending end up going to be below the budget, given the run rate that we see?
John Rielly: Paul, I think we are just going to keep reiterating the $3.7 billion. The execution has been terrific so far, as you can see on the production side and we've been very efficient on the capital side. But we do have plans to spend that full $3.7 billion. So I would look just to keep the capital at that level in your model.
Paul Cheng: Okay. On Guyana, I think that you probably have a $45 million, $50 million of deferred tax in the quarter. Any kind of rough estimate you can provide for the third and fourth quarter may look like. And also that whether the expansion of exploration period by 1 year, you're saying more in the onetime payment from the consortium to the government at all?
John Rielly: Let me start with that 1-year payment. No, there was no payment. That was really, as Greg had mentioned earlier, due to COVID-19 and the force majeure us not being able to explore during that period. So that just is extended to one year. As far as the deferred taxes which are always a bit difficult to actually the forecast, you are right, it was approximately $45 million in Q2. It was about $36 million in Q1. I would say, from our forecast and what we're looking and you've got the Payara start-up which makes it even harder to forecast, that it will be a little bit higher than that $45million number you mentioned in Q3 and Q4 on the deferred taxes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Maybe just one follow-up on the extensions there in Guyana. And congrats on getting the extension for both the acreage relinquishment and the exploration license. I know you had always said that this was going to be easily managed and now have a huge impact. But does the extension have any impact on how you may allocate resource there over the next few years or, in general, on your approach or what you're able to do there in the basin?
Greg Hill: No. I don't think at all. It won't change the pace. I think you can expect certainly next year, probably a 6-rig program. And it won't affect anything. It will just give us that extra year to lock down whatever we can before the expiry which we have every interest in doing, obviously.
John Hess: Yes. To be clear, each year, we plan to drill 10 to 12 exploration appraisal wells. So it just gives us another year to have further evaluation, then it will be in the best interest of the country and also our joint venture itself. So we have, as I said before and Greg did as well, multibillion barrels of exploration potential remaining. And we can orderly have a prosecution of that opportunity.
Ryan Todd: Great. And then maybe as a follow-up. I know you were just talking about the capital budget for the year but what are your latest assumptions in terms of -- or what you're seeing in terms of cost inflation or deflation on the contract side? And how does that compare with what you had earlier been assuming in your capital and OpEx guidance?
Greg Hill: Yes. So let me address both the onshore and the offshore. So in the Bakken, we observed inflation of between 10% to 15% blended in the first half of 2023. And we were able to mitigate about half of that through the application of strategic contracting, lean manufacturing and technology. Now we're starting to see some costs, such as oil country, tubular goods beginning to moderate. We're still maintaining our well cost guidance at $6.9 per well because we're increasing proppant loading in several areas of the field to further maximize the issue NPV. So we're just going to stick with our 6.9%. But again, we are seeing some deflation start to occur in the Bakken. If we go in the offshore, rig utilization remains very high in the offshore, so costs have not moderated there. However, most of our spend is in Guyana were the first 5 FPSOs are contracted. ExxonMobil was doing a great job of mitigating inflationary effects using its Design One, Build Many strategy. And in addition, recall for our 2023 Gulf of Mexico program, most services were contracted in 2022 when costs were lower. So long and short, our overall 2023 capital guidance of $3.7 billion remains unchanged and we'll provide 2024 guidance in our January call, as John Rielly said.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Yes. It was a strong quarter in the Bakken, recognizing that volume can be noisy with commodity prices. But just curious on your thoughts on getting to that 200,000 barrels a day of plateau. And is there visibility to pull that forward if you continue on this execution track?
Greg Hill: No. I think, Neil, our plan still shows that we'll get to an average of 200,000 barrels a day in 2025. And as we've said before, with our extensive inventory of drilling locations, we expect to hold that plateau for nearly a decade and the Bakken then becomes a significant free cash flow machine.
Neil Mehta: All right. The follow-up is just around -- it's a couple of cash flow items. First is around return of capital. What's the framework for increasing that as you continue to progress through the program in Guyana? And the second, is there any update on hedging strategies as we look into 2024?
John Rielly: For the return of capital program, so we're going to continue to be disciplined in the execution of our return of capital framework. I mean as you know in March of this year, we announced an increase in our dividend by 17%. And as we go through the year, we'll continue to follow the framework. And as a reminder, our financial priorities remain. First, we're going to invest in the high-return opportunities, especially in Guyana and the Bakken. And as was mentioned earlier, we do have -- our capital is a bit back-end loaded this year. So we have more capital coming in the second half of the year. Our second is to maintain a strong balance sheet. And with that, we do have that $300 million debt maturity coming next year which we do intend to pay off. But again, a key to maintain a strong balance sheet and cash position -- and we have a nice cash position now, the $2.2 billion and that's in place so we can continue to fund these great return projects in the Guyana and Bakken. And then what we will do and we'll follow this framework, it's an annual framework. We're going to return up to 75% of our free cash flow to shareholders through the dividend increases, as John has mentioned earlier and share repurchases. And as John has mentioned earlier, as our free cash flow generation steadily increases, share repurchases are expected to represent a growing proportion of our return of capital.
Neil Mehta: Great. And on hedging?
John Rielly: Sorry. Yes, on hedging. For the hedging, you've seen us in the past couple of years. We've been hedging in around 130,000 to 150,000 barrels of oil per day with put options. So we want to make sure we give the upside to investors. And you can think about that we will maintain that type of level. So on a percentage basis of our oil production, because with Guyana coming on and Payara coming on at full ramp, you're getting just that production capacity between 55,000 and 60,000 barrels a day add there. Yellowtail will be even more because it's a bigger boat. So we're going to have higher and higher oil production. So the hedging percentage, as a percentage of our overall oil production, will go down. But we'll maintain around that 130 to 150 level.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes. Just, I guess, two questions I had. One, in terms of Guyana, just what you can tell us about how the wells have been performing and how maybe that fits into the rated guidance on production or the overall confidence that allows you to raise production guidance?
Greg Hill: No. The wells are performing better than expected, really across the board. And of course, the capacity is driven by the physical constraints on the vessel. But obviously, with those wells outperforming, we want to increase that capacity view as high as possible through debottlenecking. But the wells are doing fantastic.
Roger Read: That's good to hear. And then my other question, as you look at your Gulf of Mexico exploration program, sort of the relatively lower risk Black Pearl versus the higher risk Vancouver, anything you're doing on the seismic side that's making that, let's say, offsetting the risk to some standpoint?
Greg Hill: Yes, absolutely. I think there's 2 things that really have been the discontinuity, I'll call it, in the last 5 years in exploration in the Gulf of Mexico. And the first one is ocean bottom nodes. So we are shooting ocean bottom node surveys in and around all of our hubs. And that is coupled -- that coupled with the new algorithms, so Full Waveform Inversion, FWI, the combination of those 2 things are allowing us to see new opportunities in subsalt in the Gulf of Mexico. And that's not only true for in and around our hubs but it's also true for hub class opportunities as well; so very exciting. We've got over 80 blocks in the Gulf of Mexico. And with that inventory, our aim is to maintain that cash engine in the Gulf of Mexico at a minimum, hold production broadly flat but then also potentially grow that production with a hub class success. And those seismic improvements that I talked about are leading that charge with the great portfolio that we have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin MacCurdy with Pickering Energy Partners.
Kevin MacCurdy: Just one question on the Bakken production guidance raise. Gas and NGL has obviously outpaced your quarterly guidance but you also had strong oil production above our expectations. Is there any color you can provide on how much of the guidance raise was oil versus gas and NGLs?
John Rielly: So specifically here, as we move through the year, our oil production is going to continue to increase. So as you saw the increase in Q2, you can expect a similar increase in Q3 as we saw from Q1 to Q2. And then we continue to expect to see these increases as we go forward. And then outside of the winter months in there, we'll continue to have oil increases as go through into 2025 and we get up to that 200,000 barrels of oil per day. So in general, from an overall guidance standpoint on what we were doing, it's kind of similar. Some of the half of the guidance increase is due to performance and half was due to those pop, those NGL and gas volumes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Biju Perincheril with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Biju Perincheril: John, I was wondering how you're sort of tidying up the design tolerance on each of the FPSOs. Just trying to understand as you go through the subsequent debottleneck in projects, how we should think about your production uplift?
Greg Hill: Yes. So I think the thing I will say is that every vessel will be bespoke. So the way that we do this debottlenecking is we produce the vessel for a year or so and then get all of the dynamic data. And then from that data, make a decision on how much we think that we can squeeze more out of the vessel, or do an engineering project to further debottleneck that. But I think the bias will be to debottleneck these vessels as much as we can because there is so much additional resource around each one of these hubs. And that, coupled with the multibillion barrels of additional upside says that these vessels are going to be full, at plateau longer than what would be typical for a deepwater development. And -- but again, each one will be bespoke. So -- but certainly, the bias is going to be there to debottleneck as much as possible.
Biju Perincheril: Got it, that's helpful. A follow-up on the Bakken. You -- so that 200,000 barrels equivalent, at their plateau levels, what should be the oil mix we should expect at that point?
Greg Hill: Yes. So longer term, when we're at that 200,000 barrels a day, you can expect about 100,000 barrels a day of oil. So about 50%.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noel Parks with Tuohy Brothers.
Noel Parks: You made a mention in the Guyana discussion about just putting resources into more exploration of the Southwestern part of the block. I wonder if you could just sort of refresh us on sort of what the original view of that geology was. And now with benefit of the incremental drilling of what you hope to discover or discern there.
Greg Hill: Again, the discovery is down in that part of the block. They're all Upper Campanians, so they're Liza-like reservoir, so very high-quality reservoirs. As you move to the southeast of the block, the GOR does increase. So the reason that we want to do some further appraisal and exploration down there is to really understand the higher GOR developments on the block. Still going to be very good projects, I'm sure but we just need a little bit more data to fully understand how we're going to develop those, where we fit in a queue. I think the important thing is, though, our objective is to move oily developments forward. So for example, Fangtooth is a great example that we're trying to move oily developments up in the queue. But at the same time, there's more that we need to understand about the Southeast part of the block. So we will occasionally do some appraisal or exploration drilling down or just to further up our understanding of that part of the block.
Noel Parks: Great. And I appreciate your comments just a minute ago about seismic improvement and the opportunity in the Gulf of Mexico. I was just wondering whether there were any projects that Hess is participating in on a non-operated basis in the Gulf? Whether -- I was wondering if there were any of those sort of under the radar that might be worth mentioning?
Greg Hill: No. I think there's, again, in the Shell assets, in particular, around some of their hubs, where we have an interest -- a non-operated interest, they're doing the same things. We are OBN and finding new opportunities around those hubs as well. So you'll see some of those feature in the future as well.
Noel Parks: Are those sort of near term or more sort of on the horizon?
Greg Hill: No, that was in near term. It will be part of the mix as we kind of execute over the next 2 to 3 years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: And just a quick follow-up on the Pickerel, to be on stream mid-2024. What is the net to Hess going to look like? And what's the development cost?
Greg Hill: Sure, Paul. So that we're still evaluating the well results. But we anticipate peak gross production rates to be in the range of 8,000 to 10,000 barrels a day.
John Hess: And we have 100% interest in that well, to be clear.
Greg Hill: Yes. And that -- as we said, that will be tied back to the Tubular Bells facility kind of midyear next year.
Paul Cheng: Great. John, any what estimate -- what's the development cost on this pipeline?
John Rielly: Again, we are still overall coming -- evaluating the results of the well. One, I can tell you, it's a very high-return project, obviously, with it being a tieback to Tubular Bells. And typically, these type of tieback wells are going to have like a $10 per barrel kind of costs or lower. That's what we'll typically see in those -- in these tieback wells.
Greg Hill: Find and develop.
Paul Cheng: Right. And Greg, what's the resource -- recoverable resource that we estimate for this? And is it all oil or that is the mix between oil and gas?
Greg Hill: No, it's a mix of oil and gas, 80% oil, 20% gas. So it's mainly oil. And as John mentioned, we're still evaluating the well, so I don't want to give a resource estimate yet. But again, it's going to be extremely profitable. ILX tieback, very low find and development costs. So nothing to worry about here, Paul at all.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And final one from me. Yellowtail and Uaru, you're talking about 2025, 2026, should we assume you're somewhat like similar to the Payara, is going to be in the early fourth quarter?
John Hess: I think what we're saying is that each of these will come on in the year quoted. I think it's too early to say exactly when in that year for these later projects. So we're just quoting in the year itself. And as we get closer, obviously, the Yellowtail is 60% complete, so that should tell you something about where it is in the queue.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And on the Gulf of Mexico, second quarter production is better. Is it because that some of the maintenance downtime has been able to perform at a shorter period? Or that something is actually being pushed to the third quarter?
John Hess: No, it's really reliability -- no, it's really just higher reliability across the board.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phillips Johnston with Capital One Securities.
Phillips Johnston: Just a quick one for John Rielly. On the first quarter call, you were asked about your investment in Hess Midstream and it was pretty clear that it's going to remain a key strategic asset for the company going forward for a few different reasons. With the unit sale in Q2 for a little over $200 million, you've cut your stake down about 38% [ph]. I'm sure you can't comment on potential future sell-downs but can you maybe just remind us of the threshold to where you would no longer have operational and marketing control?
John Rielly: So let me just start high level that we remain committed to maximizing the long-term value of Hess Midstream. It's adding differentiated value to our Bakken E&P assets. And part of it is allowing Hess to maintain operational control which we can for -- even with a much lower ownership percentage. So nothing to worry about there from that, Phil. Then what it also does, it provides takeaway optionality to high-value markets. And also, it's that ability to increase our gas capture to drive down flaring in our GHG emissions intensity. So -- and as you know, we've set a zero routine flaring goal by 2025. So the one other thing about it, to your point but with a strong credit position and its continuing free cash flow growth, Hess Midstream has said they continue to have greater than $1 billion of financial flexibility through 2025 to support potential incremental share repurchases. Similar to the ones that we've done this year, we had 2 $100 million gross transactions executed in March and June. So you should expect some more of those with that financial flexibility.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the Q&A portion of today's conference call. We'd like to thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2023 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Kevin and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Good morning and welcome to our first quarter conference call. Today, I will discuss our continued progress in executing our strategy. Greg Hill will then cover our operations, and John Rielly will review our financial results. We believe that Hess offers a unique value proposition for investors. Our strategy is to deliver high-return resource growth, a low cost of supply, and industry-leading cash flow growth, and at the same time, maintain our industry leadership in environmental, social, and governance performance and disclosure. In terms of resource growth with multiple phases of Guyana developments coming online, and our robust inventory of high-return drilling locations in the Bakken, we can deliver highly profitable production growth of more than 10% annually through 2027. On the Stabroek Block in Guyana, we currently have line of sight to six floating production, storage and all floating vessels, or FPSOs, in 2027 with a gross production capacity of more than 1.2 million barrels of oil per day. In terms of the low cost of supply, as our resource base continues to expand, we will steadily move down the cost curve. By 2027, we forecast that our cash unit costs will decline by 25% to approximately $10 per BOE and that our portfolio will achieve a breakeven Brent oil price of approximately $50 per barrel. Our four sanctioned oil developments on the Stabroek Block have a breakeven Brent oil price of between approximately $25 and $35 per barrel. In terms of cash flow growth, we have an industry-leading rate of change story and an industry-leading duration story, providing a highly differentiated value proposition. Based upon a flat Brent oil price of $70 per barrel -- $75 per barrel, our cash flow is forecast to increase by approximately 25% annually between 2022 and 2027, more than twice as fast as our topline growth. And our balance sheet will also continue to strengthen with our most recent debt-to-EBITDAX ratio at approximately one-time. Successful execution of our strategy has uniquely positioned our company to deliver significant value to shareholders for years to come, both by growing intrinsic value and by growing cash returns. Our financial priorities are to allocate capital to our high-return low-cost investment opportunities, to maintain a strong balance sheet and cash position to ensure that we can fund our world-class investment opportunities in Guyana and the Bakken, where we have allocated more than 80% of our 2023 capital budget and also return up to 75% of our annual free cash flow to shareholders through dividend increases and share repurchases. In line with our return of capital framework, in March, we increased our annual dividend by 17% to $1.75 per share. Looking ahead, we plan to continue increasing our regular dividend to a level that is attractive to income oriented investors, but sustainable in a low oil price environment. As our free cash flow generation steadily increases in future years, share repurchases are expected to represent a growing proportion of our return of capital. To manage oil price volatility, we have hedged 130,000 barrels of oil per day in 2023, of which 80,000 barrels of oil per day have $70 per barrel WTI put options and 50,000 barrels of oil per day has $75 per barrel Brent put options, which positions our shareholders to be protected on the downside, while fully benefiting on the upside. Key to our strategy is Guyana, the industry's largest oil province discovered in the last decade, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator. Since 2015, we have had more than 30 discoveries on the block, including two since the start of 2023 at Fangtooth Southeast-1 and Lancetfish-1, underpinning a gross discovered recoverable resource estimate of more than 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent with multibillion barrels of exploration potential remaining. We have the potential for up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources on the block. The Liza Phase 1 and Liza Phase 2 developments produced an average of approximately 375,000 gross barrels of oil per day in the first quarter. The FPSO for our third sanctioned development at Payara arrived on the Stabroek Block earlier this month ahead of schedule and is targeted to start up early in the fourth quarter with a gross production capacity of approximately 220,000 of oil per day. The fourth sanction development, Yellowtail is expected to come online in 2025 with a gross production capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day. Government and regulatory approvals are expected very soon, hopefully this week for our fifth development at Uaru, which will have a gross production capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day, a plan of development for our sixth development Whiptail, is expected to be submitted to government and -- for regulatory and government approvals later this year. Turning to the Bakken. We plan to continue operating a four-rig program, which will enable us to grow net production to approximately 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2025, lower our unit cash, fully optimize our infrastructure and generate significant levels of free cash flow. Greg and his team continue to do an outstanding job of applying lean manufacturing principles to build a culture of innovation, improve efficiency and mitigate inflationary cost pressures. As we execute our company strategy, we will continue to be guided by our long-standing commitment to sustainability and are proud to be an industry leader in this area. Earlier this month, we announced a $50 million donation over the next five years to the Salk Institute harnessing plants initiative, which is a potential game changer in tackling the global challenge of climate change by developing plants, crops and wetlands natural ability to capture and store potentially billions of tons of carbon per year from the atmosphere. We are proud to once again have received a AAA rating in the latest MSCI Environmental, Social and Governance rating assessment. AAA, which is MSCI's ESG's highest rating, designates our company as a leader in managing industry-specific ESG risks relative to peers. We received our first AAA rating in 2021 after earning AA ratings for 10 consecutive years. In February, Hess also earned a place on the 2023 Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for the fourth consecutive year. In summary, we continue to successfully execute our strategy, which offers a unique value proposition for our industry by growing both our intrinsic value and our cash returns, with multiple phases of low-cost oil developments coming online in Guyana and our robust inventory of high-return drilling locations in the Bakken. Our portfolio is positioned to become increasingly free cash flow positive and as it does, we will continue to prioritize the return of capital to our shareholders through further dividend increases and further share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill for an operational update.
Greg Hill : Thanks, John. We demonstrated strong operational performance across our portfolio in the first quarter. Company-wide net production averaged 374,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, above our guidance of approximately 345,000 to 355,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the second quarter, we forecast the company-wide net production will average between 355,000 and 365,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance activities at Liza Phase 2 in Guyana, several of our Gulf of Mexico fields and at North Malay Basin in Southeast Asia. For the full year 2023, we now expect company-wide net production to average between 365,000 and 375,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase from our previous guidance of 355,000 to 365,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day due to strong performance in the first quarter of 2023. In the Bakken, first quarter net production of 163,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day was above our guidance of 155,000 to 160,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting high uptime and strong recovery from challenging weather conditions this winter. In the first quarter, we drilled 25 wells and brought 24 new wells online. In the second quarter, we expect to drill and bring online approximately 27 new wells. For the full year 2023, we expect to drill and bring online approximately 110 new wells. Individual well results in terms of EURs and IP 180s continue to meet or exceed expectations. For both the second quarter and full year 2023, we expect Bakken net production to average between 165,000 and 170,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to the offshore. In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, first quarter net production averaged 33,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, above our guidance of approximately 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, primarily reflecting better uptime. In the second quarter, we expect net production to average approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance at several of our Gulf of Mexico fields. For the full year 2023, we continue to forecast Gulf of Mexico net production to average approximately 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The Deepwater Gulf of Mexico remains an important cash engine for the company as well as a platform for growth. In May, we plan to spud the Pickerel 1 well located in Mississippi Canyon Block 727. Pickerel is an infrastructure-led exploration prospect, which will be tied back to Tubular Bells. Following Pickerel, we plan to drill another tieback well at Stampede and a hub class exploration well in the Green Canyon area. In Southeast Asia, first quarter net production averaged 66,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Second quarter net production is forecast to average approximately 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance at North Malay Basin. Full year net production for Southeast Asia in 2023 is now forecast to average approximately 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared with our previous guidance of 60,000 to 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest in the Stabroek Block, the operator ExxonMobil continues to deliver outstanding facilities reliability and project execution success. First quarter net production averaged 112,000 barrels of oil per day above our guidance of approximately 100,000 barrels of oil per day, primarily driven by strong facility uptime and well performance. For the second quarter, net production from Guyana is expected to average between 105,000 and 110,000 barrels of oil per day, reflecting reduced capacity at Liza Phase 2 for planned maintenance. We now expect full year 2023 net production, the average between 105,000 and 110,000 barrels of oil per day compared to our previous guidance of approximately 100, 000 barrels of oil per day. Turning to Guyana developments. The Prosperity FPSO, with a production capacity of approximately 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day, arrived at the Stabroek Block on April 11. The vessel is undergoing hookup and commissioning and is targeted to achieve first oil from Payara, our third development early in the fourth quarter. Yellowtail, our fourth development is approximately 45% complete and remains on track for first oil in 2025. The 250,000 barrel of oil per day One Guyana FPSO hull entered dry dock in Singapore on April 2. Topside fabrication and installation activities have commenced and development drilling is underway. Government and regulatory approvals are expected very soon for our fifth development at Uaru, with a gross production capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day. Finally, for our sixth development, Whiptail, the partnership is on track for final submission of the field development plan to the government of Guyana later this year. Now, turning to exploration. The Lancetfish-1 Well, located 4 miles southeast of the Fangtooth 1 discovery, encountered 92 feet of oil-bearing sandstone reservoir. This discovery further underpins the potential oil development in the Greater Fangtooth area. Drill stem tests and core analysis are underway at Fangtooth 1 and further appraisal activities for Lancetfish and Fangtooth Southeast are planned for later in the year. In the second half of the year, we plan to drill the Bacher 1 well, which is a deep prospect located approximately 7 miles west of Fangtooth 1 and another deep exploration prospect called Lancetfish, located 2 miles southwest of Fangtooth 1. Moving to offshore Canada, we expect to spud the BP-operated Episys 1 well in the Northern Orphan Basin in May. The well will target a very large submarine fan of tertiary age. BP has a 50% working interest in Hess and Chevron, each have 25% interest. In closing, our execution continues to be strong. The Bakken is on a steady growth trajectory. Our Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia assets have active drilling programs and we continue to advance our major projects and further delineate the enormous upside in Guyana, all of which position us to deliver industry-leading performance and significant shareholder value for years to come. I will now turn the call over to John Reilly.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the first quarter of 2023 to the fourth quarter of 2022. We had net income of $346 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared with $497 million in the fourth quarter of 2022, or $522 million on an adjusted basis, which excluded items affecting comparability of earnings. Turning to E&P. E&P net income was $405 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared with an adjusted net income of $565 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. The changes in the after-tax components of E&P earnings between the first quarter of 2023 and fourth quarter 2022 were as follows. Lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $138 million lower realized selling prices decreased earnings by $45 million. Lower cash costs and midstream tariffs increased earnings by $16 million. Lower exploration expenses increased earnings by $7 million for an overall decrease in first quarter earnings of $160 million. For the first quarter, our E&P oil sales volumes were under lifted compared with production by approximately 325,000 barrels, which decreased our after-tax income by approximately $15 million. Now, turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $61 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared with $64 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. Midstream EBITDA, before non-controlling interest amounted to $238 million in the first quarter compared to $244 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position. At March 31, excluding the Midstream segment, cash and cash equivalents were $2.1 billion, total liquidity was $5.4 billion, including available committed credit facilities, and debt and finance lease obligations totaled $5.6 billion. In March, we received net proceeds of $50 million from the sale of approximately 1.8 million Hess-owned Class B units to Hess Midstream. In the first quarter of 2023, net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $1 billion compared with $1.3 billion in the fourth quarter of 2022, primarily due to lower sales volumes and realized selling prices. Changes in operating assets and liabilities during the first quarter decreased cash flow from operating activities by $394 million, which includes premiums paid for hedging contracts. E&P capital and exploratory expenditures were $765 million in the first quarter of 2023 compared to $818 million in the fourth quarter of 2022. Now turning to guidance. First, for E&P. Our E&P cash costs were $12.96 per barrel of oil equivalent in the first quarter of 2023, which was lower than our guidance of $14 to $14.50 per barrel of oil equivalent due to higher production and the deferral of workover spend to the second quarter. We project E&P cash costs to be in the range of $15.50 to $16 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter, reflecting planned maintenance activities at the Liza Unity, North Malay Basin and several facilities in the Gulf of Mexico and higher workover spend in the Gulf of Mexico. Full year cash cost guidance in the range of $13.50 to $14.50 per barrel of oil equivalent remains unchanged. DD&A expense was $13.16 per barrel of oil equivalent in the first quarter of 2023. DD&A expense is forecast to be in the range of $13 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter and full year DD&A expense in the range of $13 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent remains unchanged. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs to be in the range of $28.50 to $29.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter and $26.50 to $28.5 0 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year 2023. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $40 million to $45 million in the second quarter and full year guidance of $160 million to $170 million remains unchanged. The midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $305 million to $315 million for the second quarter and full year guidance of $1.230 billion to $1.250 billion remains unchanged. E&P income tax expense is expected to be in the range of $170 million to $180 million for the second quarter and $670 million to $680 million for the full year, which is up from previous guidance of $590 million to $600 million due to higher commodity prices. During the first quarter, we purchased WTI put options for 80,000 barrels of oil per day for 2023 with an average monthly floor price of $70 per barrel and Brent put options for 50,000 barrels of oil per day for 2023 with an average monthly floor price of $75 per barrel. We expect non-cash option premium amortization, which will be reflected in our realized selling prices will be approximately $50 million for the second quarter and approximately $190 million for the full year 2023. Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $975 million in the second quarter and full year guidance of approximately $3.7 billion remains unchanged. For midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $55 million to $60 million for the second quarter and full year guidance of $255 million to $265 million remains unchanged. For corporate, corporate expenses are estimated to be approximately $30 million for the second quarter and full year guidance of $120 million to $130 million remains unchanged. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $80 million to $85 million for the second quarter and full year guidance of $305 million to $315 million remains unchanged. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. Sorry, I was on mute there.
Greg Hill: No worries.
Ryan Todd: First off, I guess, congratulations on very strong production in Guyana this quarter. Can you talk about what you've seen on productive capacity on these first two developments, both on the reservoir side, what you're seeing subsurface there, as well as post debottleneck surface facility side. What should we expect these two facilities to sustainably produce going forward?
Greg Hill: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. So, first of all, the wells have been performing extremely well above expectations. So subsurface going great, continue to see further upside in the subsurface as we kind of produce the wells. And then, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, Exxon Mobil and SBM are just doing an outstanding job of topsides reliability and also the debottlenecking side. Recall that Phase 1 was debottlenecked to the 140,000 barrels, it's actually producing between 140,000 and 150,000 barrels, sort of in that range. And then if you look at Phase 2, it has a nameplate of 220,000 barrels. It's on track to be debottlenecked towards 250,000 barrels by the end of the year. So, again, more upside coming on Phase 2. And it's been operating kind of 230,000 barrels or so on a regular basis, but we'll pick up that up towards 250,000 barrels by the year -- by the end of the year. So upside, upside.
Ryan Todd: Awesome. Thanks, Greg. And then, maybe, just one on cost inflation and what you're seeing. It's obviously very topical across the space right now. I mean, can you talk about what you're seeing in the Bakken onshore and offshore as well in terms of kind of leading-edge trends across various silos of what you're seeing on service costs?
Greg Hill: Sure. Yes. So in some areas such as oil country tubular goods, we're expecting some moderation in inflation coming. Onshore rigs pretty much staying flat, but we're still seeing some pressure in certain areas, particularly labor. Now, specifically in the Bakken, we anticipated year-over-year inflation of between 10% to 15%. That's about where it's running. However, remember, we're mitigating about half of these impacts through the application of strategic contracting, lean manufacturing and technology. So, our Bakken well guidance of $6.9 per well for the year, remains unchanged. So if we look at the offshore, we're expecting year-over-year industry inflation there between 15% and 20%. Now remember, in Guyana, the first four FPSOs are contracted, so they'll have limited the exposure going forward. And then in addition, ExxonMobil is just doing a fantastic job of mitigating kind of inflation effects through their outstanding execution and performance using that design one, build many strategy, which is sort of like lean manufacturing in the offshore. And then finally, in our Gulf of Mexico operations, we contracted our services in 2022, so we missed some of the recent uptick. So because of that, our overall capital guidance of $3.7 billion remains unchanged this year.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks, Greg.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Thanks for getting me on.
John Hess: Good morning.
Doug Leggate: Gents, I wonder if I could kick off with one on the somewhat rare event nowadays of a dry hole in Guyana. I know that's a little bit flippant, but I'm curious as to where you think you are on the cleaning curve at this point. This was obviously a step out carbonate. You haven't really talked about it. How many more of those do you think you're going to be pursuing, I guess. And if I could just do a quick add-on to that, when you talk about the 11 billion barrels, what are we actually talking about is actually included in that versus the -- I guess, north of 30 discoveries you have so far.
Greg Hill: Yes. Thanks, Doug. So let me co-quarry [ph] first. Recall that was a higher-risk carbonate play that was located 37 miles from Liza 1 and it didn't encounter commercial hydrocarbons, but it did provide a lot of valuable data that further improves our understanding of the subsurface. Going forward, Doug, we still continue to see multibillion barrels of upside that hasn't changed. And finally, in reference to your question, the 11 billion barrels, the majority of that is in the upper campaign. And obviously, with our exploration program this year, we're really starting to understand the deep and what potential that holds. But across the block, this multibillion barrels of additional upside remains unchanged. Yes, we'll have a few dry holes as we test different things along the way, but there's still a lot more to play with.
Doug Leggate: So, are we talking like two-thirds of the wells are the 11 billion barrels or the discoveries rather? If not 31 is my point. What's the -- what's not included?
Greg Hill: What's not included in the 11 billion? So, the recent discoveries that we've had are obviously not included in that. Again, Doug, it's mainly Upper Campanian, right? So, as we get results, the lower Campanian, obviously, that will be incorporated. But the multibillion barrels of additional upside encompasses the upper and the lower. It's not just the lower. It's -- there's still a lot of upper Campanian to play for as well.
Doug Leggate: Thank you for that. I'll take the rest offline. My follow-up is just a housekeeping question, maybe for John Rielly. John, you walked through the working capital moves. I guess my question is, when I look at the accretion mass on Guyana, the NPV accretion with the potential buybacks, it seems kind of obvious that the value that you're in your share price today, a lot of it is obviously not being reflected. So, I'm curious on what the strategy is for the buyback program, meaning, is it a -- after working capital cash flow number that you're looking at, or is that's obviously going to move around quarter-to-quarter? Just how are you thinking about it because we were anticipating you might have a little quicker buyback pace this quarter.
John Rielly: Sure Doug. So, let me just back up and talk about our financial priorities that we have. So, the first priority is obviously to invest in these high-return opportunities, obviously driven by Guyana and the Bakken because that's going to drive our free cash flow growth. And as John said earlier in his comments that we can grow intrinsic value and cash returns and it's Guyana Bakken that will allow us to do that. Our second priority is to maintain a strong balance sheet. Again, we're in a good position with that. We want to also have a strong cash position, and we do have $2.1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. So, we're in a good place with that to fund our high-return projects. So, for us, we have this capital return framework, and we're going to follow that, that we put out. And so what we do is return up to 75% of our free cash flow on an annual basis, so that is after working capital, that is after capital expenditures, and even after debt maturities, which we don't have any this year, we do have $300 million in 2024. And so first thing that we'll do in that return of capital framework is focused on the dividend. As John mentioned in his opening remarks, we want to increase that dividend each year. And we did do that in March, so we had that 17% increase $0.25 per share increase and so that is going to be the first thing. So, we did increase our returns shareholders here in the first quarter with that dividend increase. Then the remainder of that free cash flow, that 75% will be done in share repurchases. And you're right, we agree with you about the NAV accretion that we'll be having with these FPSOs. And just to remind everybody, with each FPSO comes on, like obviously, we have Payara here coming early this year that generates net to us $1 billion of cash flow. So, again, the Payara and the Yellowtail wireless. So we're getting that $1 billion kind of a year adding to our portfolio. And so as we go forward, more and more of our capital returns will be share repurchases. And so buying our shares basically in advance of those as we get -- as Payara comes on, generates that $1 billion and gets in front of Yellowtail and Uaru, obviously, will be, I think, be able to deliver significant value to shareholders just following this framework that we have.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Thats very clear. Thanks.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. Good morning team and congrats on a super quarter. John, first question is for you about building downside resiliency in the business model. Obviously, there's a lot of reasons to be constructive long-term  near-term is more uncertain from an economic perspective. And so just curious on how having gone through the last 10 years with a lot of volatility, have you built in defenses within the Hess business model? I think you talked about one, which is the hedging strategy and then also improving the balance sheet. But just any thoughts around that as we think about creating defensive attributes?
John Hess: No. Look, we obviously focus -- and thank you for the question. We focused our portfolio on high return, low cost of supply opportunities. Obviously, we think we have built a highly differentiated value proposition and part of that is the low-cost model. The fact that over the next five years, we can get our breakeven to $50 Brent. Also, the cash cost going down 25% as well. I think that makes our portfolio very resilient in a low price environment. John Reilly talked about capital discipline and also the priority on keeping a strong balance sheet and cash position, our cash position at the end of the quarter was over $2 billion. And we will continue to hedge by buying puts to protect the downside and still give our shareholders the upside. So I think relative to a lot of our competitors that are having cost pressures going up, our costs are going down, and we're going to keep a strong balance sheet to stay resilient through the cycle.
Neil Mehta: Yeah. That's very clear. And then a follow-up just on the Bakken. Can you talk about the trajectory that you anticipate over the course of the year? And then what do you think we get to plateau and at what level?
Greg Hill: Yeah. So we exited Q1 in line with our forecast, a little bit ahead of guidance, but it was in line with our forecast, and we expect to see a build through the end of the year as we continue to steadily bring wells online. Now we'll provide guidance for the Bakken as usual, in our second quarter conference call for the rest of the year. But I think, Neil, just expect sort of a steady increase with a four-rig program across 2023 and 2024. We'll get to 200,000 barrels a day in 2025. And then be able to hold that flat for almost a decade with the inventory that we have. So steady increase to 200,000, hold it flat for a decade. I want to remind people that when Bakken reaches that 200,000 plateau, it will generate about $1 billion of free cash flow. So steady cash flow generator for the company.
Neil Mehta: Thanks guys.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys, good morning.
John Hess: Hi. Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Two questions. Just curious that, I mean, John, how important is the Hess Midstream for the longer term of the company? I mean, do we need to have the ownership over there, especially then, I mean once you get Bakken, say at 200,000 barrels per day, do we still need to have the operatorship or even the ownership? That's the first question.
John Rielly: Sure, Paul. I mean we remain committed to maximizing the long-term value of Hess Midstream. It's been a key strategic partner for us. It adds differentiated value to our E&P assets up there in the Bakken with us maintaining that operational and marketing control so we get provides takeaway optionality to high-value markets. Also, it's key to our gas capture and driving down flaring in our GHG emission intensity. So I would say think about Hess Midstream more of the same, they've been doing -- they've been executing brilliantly really for us on the ESG and also just getting the E&P production to markets. And then when you think about Hess Midstream, it has a very strong credit position and continues to generate free cash flow growth. So the Hess Midstream, they did outline that they have about $1 billion of financial flexibility through 2025 for capital allocation, which includes then the potential for incremental returns of capital, like the recent $100 million transaction that they just did. And so that $100 million is a small part of that $1 billion financial flexibility. So Hess Midstream has the potential to execute multiple buybacks basically each year through 2025. So I think you can think about it just more of the same that way, Paul, and we are happy with the investment.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Second question, I think this is for Greg. Greg, I think that I've been saying that the Yellowtail is going to be 2025 versus oil. Any kind of maybe a new bit narrower window? Is it going to be in the first half, second half or any kind of color you can provide? And also, how many exploration wells, not appraisal well, but exploration wells, the consultant plan to drill between now and the expiration of the exploration basis?
Greg Hill: So let me answer the exploration part first. So Paul, remember, we've got multibillion barrels of upside. The license expires in October of 2026. We will take the next four to five years to fully understand that potential get it locked down. So I think you should think about three wells -- three exploration rigs a year pretty much going through 2026. And we can drill usually about 10 or so exploration and appraisal wells a year. So think of that sort of a level exploration prospectivity going forward, again, going after that multibillion barrels of upside that we continue to see. Your question on Yellowtail. Look, Yellowtail...
Paul Cheng: Sorry. For the 10 well per year, do you have a split roughly that the -- between exploration and appraisal?
Greg Hill: No, we don't. Obviously, that's going to depend upon success, right? So when we have an exploration success, we tend to then want to appraise that success. Just like we're doing at Fangtooth, remember, Fangtooth 1 was 160 feet. Fangtooth Southeast was 200 feet. Now we have Lancetfish with 92 feet of pay, probably going to be a development. So we're going to want to appraise around that greater Fangtooth area. So it's really going to depend upon success as we go forward as to what the split is. Yes. Now regarding Yellowtail, look, it's too early. I mean Yellowtail is running ahead of schedule right now. Looking good, but these are major projects. So I think just right now, in 2025 is the right way to think about it. And obviously, as we get further down, we'll narrow the window on those dates.
Paul Cheng: Right. Thank you.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Noel Parks with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Noel Parks : Hi. Good morning. 
John Hess: Good morning.
Noel Parks : I wondered if I could get you to talk a little bit about your thinking on hedging policy. You laid in the put options. So that's certainly interesting. And you have, of course, big production ramp-ups ahead with new development coming online from Guyana. So I guess just as you look ahead and over the years, we certainly have had periods of backwardation in the curve. I just wonder if you -- maybe just as you're looking ahead, say, to 2024, what's on your radar screen? How -- what's your balance of thinking about downside protection versus realizing upside and so on?
John Rielly: Sure. So our philosophy on the hedging is we believe it is strategic importance, just like you said, from the downside protection. We view it as an insurance, and so what we do ensure we buy the insurance, and we use puts. Our strategy is to use puts to protect full downside, but leave the upside for investors. So again, that's what we did this year. And you see we have 130,000 barrels a day this year, very comfortable with that level. We had 150,000 barrels a day last year. So I think you can think about that, let's just say, approximately 150,000 barrel a day level as we go forward. And for your question like for 2024, you can assume we'll put on insurance or hedges at that type of level as we move into 2024. And with the put options, the way we do that is we'll look more to do that in the latter part of this year, right, because of the cost, the time value of the money on the put option. So you typically would see us putting it on either towards the end of 2023 or early in 2024, like we did this year. And again, so we're trying to get -- obviously, within our putting the insurance on trying to be as opportunistic as possible, but we will eventually get that hedge on because we want that downside protection, really just as John Hess mentioned earlier.
Noel Parks : Great. Thanks. And I want to turn to on the regulatory side. You mentioned that a lot of you expecting government approvals this year. I'm just wondering, as you have keep teeing up each next development, is the approval process? Is it becoming pretty cut and dry at this point from -- or even easier from one development to the next, or I was wondering, have you seen any shifts over time in terms of what the Guyana officials are scrutinizing sort of what their basis for approval is for each project?
John Hess: No. The Guyana government is very rigorous and overseeing the government and regulatory approvals. I think there's a very good working relationship with ExxonMobil as operator and the government itself. I think the approval process is appropriate for both sides. And the fact of the matter is, hopefully, this week, we'll be getting approval on Uaru, and I think that speaks volumes about the approval process. So it's going appropriately in timing and also in depth of analysis by the government. The government obviously has their own priorities and the ExxonMobil as operator addresses those. So I'd say the approval process continues to be one that's diligent and thoughtful for both sides.
Noel Parks: Perfect. Thanks a lot.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Hey, good morning.
John Hess: Good morning, Arun.
Arun Jayaram: Greg, maybe for you. Good morning, John. Greg, I was wondering if you could give us kind of the path to first oil at Payara. I know the vessel landed in Guyana on April 11. And just give us a sense of the activities you kind of required to hit that early 4Q start-up and maybe a sense of what you've risked in terms of the guidance for Payara barrels in your updated guidance for volumes?
Greg Hill: Sorry, I turn. Yeah. Thanks, Arun. So first oil from Payara, remember now has been brought forward. So we were saying into the fourth quarter to early fourth quarter now. So we've already pulled it forward few months. In terms of what has to be done, remember, Payara is more extensive than Phase 2. So it's got 30% more wells. It's got 80% more surf the leads of Phase 2. And so it's expected to take a bit longer to hook up and commission in Phase 2 is. But things are well on track. I think we've adequately risked things as well as the operator, ExxonMobil to confidently say at this point, early first quarter or early fourth quarter of this year, yeah.
Arun Jayaram: And what have you all included in terms of the updated guide for Payara?
Greg Hill: We haven't included anything yet. So at the midyear, obviously, as we get closer to that first oil date, we'll be updating our guidance.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. Great. And maybe just a follow-up also in Guyana. You've announced discoveries at Fangtooth, Fangtooth Southeast and Lancetfish. Greg, have you all done a DST yet at Fangtooth? And do you think there's enough resource between those three discoveries to underwrite a seventh boat, or will you need some success at Bacher, and you mentioned, I think, Lancetfish on today's call.
Greg Hill: No. I think about the Fangtooth area as a big hub. And as you mentioned, we do have both drill stand tests and core analysis for Fangtooth-1 and Fangtooth Southeast. Fangtooth 1 is underway. Fangtooth Southeast is planned for later in the year in terms of the DST. And then we also are planning an appraisal well at Lancetfish. So as you intimated when you add Bacher in and the other wells that we're going to drill Lancetfish, obviously, there's potential for a hub there, but we really need that DST data to figure out what the field development plan will be.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, thanks. This is for John Rielly. Just a quick follow-up. Related to Guyana, it looks like you guys have been booking some deferred tax on there. Can you give us a trajectory that -- how that is going to shape up over the next several quarters or over the next several years? I assume that at some point, it will catch up maybe by 2026, 2027 and whether that will be on the ballpark correct? Thank you.
John Rielly: So you're right, we are booking deferred tax in Guyana. Guyana has a 25% statutory rate. So we will be recording a 25% effective rate and it's just similar. Let me just say to like the US, where the tax rules for depreciation, you can amortize the fixed assets quicker for the tax basis, so you get a higher deduction for tax purposes versus book. And so as a result of that, your current cash tax rate is lower than the $25 million, and therefore, we book deferred taxes. I would, Paul, just for guidance purposes, let's just say, for the rest of this year, it can change obviously as we continue to bring on more and more boats, but use a similar deferred tax level that you see in the first quarter for Guyana.
Paul Cheng: John, how about for the next several years?
John Rielly: I don't want to go in the next several years because every year when we add the capital and it changes the depreciable base, and you're going over five years, so you get higher depreciation. So it's difficult to provide that to you for the next couple of years. So we'll try to guide you year-by-year as the boats come on.
Paul Cheng: Can we assume in this way that as you still ramping up more projects and from say, maybe two projects at the same time, go to three projects, and so your CapEx is rising. So as a result, we're going to see the deferred tax continue to be a passive until that you sort of stabilizing your investment?
John Rielly: Yes. Yes, you can assume that.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2022 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Kevin and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a remainder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Kevin. Good morning, everyone and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties and that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on todays conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. Today, I will share some thoughts about the oil markets and then discuss our continued progress in executing our strategy. Greg Hill will then cover our operations and John Rielly will review our financial results. Oil and gas will be needed for decades to come and are fundamental to ensure an affordable just and secure energy transition. The world faces a massive dual challenge. We will require approximately 20% more energy globally by 2050. And over the same period, we need to reach net zero emissions. At the end of last year, the International Energy Agency, or IEA, published its latest World Energy Outlook that offers three scenarios and they are scenarios not forecast for how to meet this dual challenge. In all three of the IEA scenarios, the world is facing a structural deficit in energy supply and significantly more investment is required both in oil and gas and also in clean energies. According to the IEA, a reasonable estimate for the global oil and gas investment required to meet demand growth is approximately $500 billion each year for the next 10 years as compared with approximately $300 billion to $400 billion invested annually in the last 5 years. In terms of clean energies, an annual investment of between $3 trillion and $4 trillion is needed each year for the next 10 years, significantly more than last years investment of approximately $1.2 trillion. Business leaders and government officials must have a sober understanding of this investment challenge, especially since capital is becoming more scarce and more expensive in the current financial environment. The energy transition is going to take a long time, costs a lot of money and require many technologies that do not exist today. To have an orderly energy transition, policymakers must have climate literacy, energy literacy and economic literacy. Our strategy is to grow our resource base, deliver our low cost of supply and generate industry leading cash flow growth and at the same time, maintain our industry leadership in environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure. Our successful execution of this strategy has uniquely positioned our company to deliver significant value to shareholders for years to come both by growing intrinsic value and by growing cash returns. In terms of cash flow growth, we have an industry leading rate of change story and an industry leading duration story, providing a unique value proposition. Based upon a flat Brent oil price of $65 per barrel, our cash flow is forecast to increase by approximately 25% annually between 2021 and 2026, more than twice as fast as our top line growth. And our balance sheet will also continue to strengthen with our debt-to-EBITDAX ratio currently under 1x. As our portfolio becomes increasingly free cash flow positive, we are committed to returning up to 75% of our annual free cash flow to shareholders with the remainder going to strengthen the balance sheet by increasing our cash position or further reducing our debt to ensure that we can fund our high-return investment opportunities through the cycle. Executing this strategy in 2022, we decreased our debt by $500 million, increased our regular quarterly dividend by 50% and completed a $650 million stock repurchase program. Looking ahead, we plan to continue increasing our regular dividend to a level that is attractive to income-oriented investors, but sustainable in a low oil price environment. As our free cash flow generation steadily increases in future years, share repurchases are expected to represent a growing proportion of our return of capital. By investing only in high-return low-cost opportunities, we have built a differentiated and balanced portfolio focused on Guyana, the Bakken, Deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia. Key to our strategy is Guyana, which is home to the Stabroek Block, one of the largest oil provinces discovered in the world over the last 20 years, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator. Since 2015, we have had more than 30 discoveries on the Block, including 9 last year, underpinning a gross discovered recoverable resource estimate of more than 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent with multibillion barrels of exploration potential remaining. We are pleased to announce today a significant new oil discovery at the Fangtooth Southeast-1 well, located approximately 8 miles southeast of the original Fangtooth-1 discovery. The Fangtooth Southeast-1 well encountered approximately 200 feet of oil-bearing stand stone reservoirs and was drilled to 5,397 feet of water. Fangtooth was our first standalone deep exploration prospect on the Stabroek Block and this area has the potential to underpin a future oil development. Our four sanctioned oil developments on the Stabroek Block have a breakeven Brent oil price of between $25 and $35 per barrel. We have line of sight to 6 floating production storage and offloading vessels or FPSOs [Technical Difficulty] billion, of which more than 80% will be allocated to Guyana and the Bakken. Our financial priorities are to continue to allocate capital to our high-return low cost investment opportunities, to keep a strong cash position and balance sheet, and to grow our dividend and as market conditions and our return of capital framework provide to increase share repurchases. In Guyana, the Liza Phase 1 and Liza Phase 2 developments are currently operating at their combined gross production capacity of more than 360,000 barrels of oil per day. Our third development, Payara, remains on schedule for startup by the end of 2023, with a gross production capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day. Our fourth development, Yellowtail, is expected to come online in 2025, with a gross production capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day. A plan of development for our fifth development in Uaru with a gross production capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day was submitted to the Government of Guyana in November and final approval is expected by the end of the first quarter. We also will continue an active exploration and appraisal program in Guyana with approximately 10 wells planned for the Stabroek Block in 2023. In the Bakken, we plan to continue operating a 4-rig program, which will enable us to generate significant free cash flow, lower our unit cash costs and further optimize our infrastructure. We have a robust inventory of high-return drilling locations to enable us to grow net production to an average of 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2025. Greg and his team continue to do an outstanding job of applying lean manufacturing principles to create a culture of innovation, improve efficiency and manage inflationary cost pressures. We will continue to invest in our operated cash engines offshore in 2023, where we also see attractive investment opportunities. In the Gulf of Mexico, we plan to drill two infrastructure tieback wells and two exploration wells. And in Southeast Asia, we will invest in drilling and production facilities at both the North Malay Basin and joint development area assets. As we continue to execute our strategy, our commitment to sustainability will remain a top priority. In December, we announced one of the largest private sector forest preservation agreements in the world, to purchase high-quality, independently verified REDD+ carbon credits for a minimum of $750 million between 2022 and 2032 directly from the Government of Guyana. Protecting the worlds forests and the important role they play as natural carbon sinks is foundational to the Paris Agreements aim of limiting the global average temperature rise to well below 2 degrees Celsius. Avoiding global deforestation was one of the major commitments made at the COP26 Climate Summit, where more than 130 countries, including Guyana, pledged to end deforestation by 2030. The Government of Guyana plans to invest the proceeds from our carbon credits purchase agreement in sustainable development to improve the lives of the people of Guyana, with 15% of the proceeds directed to indigenous communities. This agreement adds to our companys ongoing and successful emissions reduction efforts and is an important part of our commitment to achieve net zero Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions on a net equity basis by 2050. The agreement further strengthens our strategic partnership with Guyana and demonstrates our long-term commitment to the country and its people, building upon the national healthcare initiative we announced earlier in 2022. We are proud to have been recognized throughout 2022 as an industry leader in our environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure. In November, Hess earned a place on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America for the 13th consecutive year and for the first time was included in the Dow Jones Sustainability World Index. In December, we also achieved leadership status in CDPs annual global climate analysis for the 14th consecutive year. In summary, we continue to successfully execute our strategy, which offers a unique value proposition, both to grow our intrinsic value and to grow our cash returns, by increasing our resource base, delivering a low cost supply and generating industry leading cash flow growth. As our portfolio becomes increasingly free cash flow positive, we will continue to prioritize the return of capital to our shareholders through further dividend increases and share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. 2022 was another year of strong strategic execution and operational performance for Hess. Proved reserves at the end of 2022 stood at approximately 1.26 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Net proved reserve additions of 184 million barrels of oil equivalent were primarily the result of the Yellowtail sanction in Guyana and the Bakken. Excluding asset sales, we replaced 144% of 2022 production at a finding and development cost of approximately $14.80 per barrel of oil equivalent. Turning to production. In the fourth quarter of 2022, company-wide net production averaged 376,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which was above our guidance of approximately 370,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Strong performance across the portfolio more than offset the severe winter weather impacts experienced in the Bakken during the month of December. For the full year 2023, we forecast net production to average between 355,000 and 365,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of approximately 10% compared with 2022 production of 327,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. For the first quarter of 2023, we forecast company-wide net production to average between 345,000 and 355,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the Bakken, fourth quarter net production of 158,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day was below our guidance of 165,000 to 170,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting severe winter weather impacts in December, which limited our new wells online to only 15 in the quarter. For the full year 2022, net production averaged 154,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In 2023, we plan to operate 4 rigs and expect to drill approximately 110 gross operated wells and bring online approximately 110 new wells. In the first quarter of 2023, we plan to drill approximately 25 wells and bring 25 new wells online. In 2022, our drilling and completion cost per Bakken well averaged $6.4 million. In 2023, we estimate industry inflation will average between 10% and 15%. However, we expect to mitigate this impact through the application of lean manufacturing and technology and forecast our D&C cost to average approximately $6.9 million per well or about 8% above last year. For the full year 2023, we forecast Bakken net production will average between 165,000 and 170,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. First quarter net production is forecast to average between 155,000 and 160,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting weather contingencies and the carryover effects from the severe winter weather in December. Net Bakken production is forecast to steadily grow over the course of 23 and 24 and average approximately 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2025. We expect to hold this level of production for nearly a decade. Moving to the offshore, in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 31,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full year 2022. For the first quarter and full year 2023, we forecast net production in the Gulf of Mexico will average approximately 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting normal field declines and planned maintenance. The Deepwater Gulf of Mexico remains an important cash engine for the company as well as a platform for growth. In 2023, we plan to participate in 4 wells, 1 infrastructure-led exploration well, 1 hub class exploration well, and 2 tieback wells. The infrastructure-led exploration well will be the Hess-operated Pickerel Prospect located in Mississippi Canyon Block 727, which is expected to spud in April and will be brought online through existing infrastructure at Tubular Bells. The well will target the same Miocene interval that was successfully drilled at Esox and tied back to Tubular Bells in 2020. The hub class exploration well will be spud in the second half of the year and will be a Hess-operated opportunity in the Northern Green Canyon area in the Gulf of Mexico, targeting high-quality sub-salt Miocene sands in areas where the application of the latest seismic imaging technology has improved the sub-salt image. The 2 tieback wells will be spud in the fourth quarter, 1 well will be at Stampede and the second well will be at the Shell-operated Llano field. First oil from both wells is expected in 2024. In Southeast Asia, net production from the joint development area in North Malay Basin, where Hess has a 50% interest, averaged 67,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 64,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full year 2022. For the first quarter and full year 2023, we forecast net production in Southeast Asia, the average between 60,000 and 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Turning to Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest in the Stabroek Block and ExxonMobil is the operator, the partnership delivered exceptional facilities for liability, project delivery and exploration success in 2022. Net production from Guyana averaged 116,000 barrels of oil per day in the fourth quarter of 2022 and 78,000 barrels of oil per day for the full year 2022, both above our guidance. For the first quarter and the full year 2023, we forecast net production in Guyana to average approximately 100,000 barrels of oil per day. Turning to developments. Liza Phase 1 was successfully debottlenecked in 2022 and has been operating at or above its revised nameplate capacity of 140,000 barrels of oil per day. Liza Phase 2, utilizing Liza Unity FPSO, achieved first oil in February of last year and production ramp-up from start-up to nameplate capacity was achieved in about 5 months, which is world-class performance in the deepwater. The Liza Unity is currently operating at or above its nameplate capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day. Production optimization opportunities are currently being considered for late 2023. The third development, Payara, is approximately 93% complete. The Prosperity FPSO is expected to depart from Singapore in late first quarter and commence hookup and commissioning activities following arrival in Guyana. The project remains ahead of schedule and is anticipated to achieve first oil by the end of 2023. Yellowtail, our fourth development, is approximately 40% complete and remains on track for first oil in 2025. The ONE GUYANA FPSO is - hull is completed and is expected to enter drydock in Singapore in April. Topside fabrication activities have commenced and module fabrication sites in Singapore and China and development drilling is underway. The final development plan for our fifth development, Uaru, was submitted in November, and we are currently awaiting approval by the Government of Guyana, which we anticipate by the end of the first quarter. Pending government approvals, our sixth development, Whiptail, is expected to be sanctioned early next year. Turning to exploration. The Fangtooth Southeast-1 well, located approximately 8 miles southeast of the original Fangtooth-1 discovery well, resulted in a significant new oil discovery, and this area could form the basis for a future oil development on the Stabroek Block. The Fangtooth Southeast-1 well encountered approximately 200 feet of oil-bearing sandstone reservoirs and further appraisal activities are underway. We continue to see multibillion barrels of additional exploration potential on the Stabroek Block. And in 2023, we plan to drill approximately 10 exploration and appraisal wells that will target a variety of prospects and play types. These will include lower risk wells near existing discoveries and several penetrations that will test deeper intervals. With regard to upcoming wells, operations are continuing at the Tarpon Fish-1 well in the northwest corner of the Stabroek Block, approximately 43 miles northwest of the Liza-1 well. The well is in the first test of cretaceous age clastic reservoirs in Northwest Stabroek. The well will also test a deeper Jurassic aged carbonate prospect. Lancetfish-1 is a deep play exploration well, located approximately 2.5 miles northeast of the Fangtooth Southeast-1 well that underlies a portion [underneath] the field. Drilling operations are underway on the Noble Don Taylor drillship. Beyond that, there is a well called Basher, which will target a deep prospect in the Fangtooth area and a well called Blackfin which will penetrate an updip upper Campanian prospect east of Barreleye. Moving to offshore Canada, we plan to participate in the BP-operated Ephesus-1 well in the Northern Orphan Basin. The well will target a very large submarine fan of tertiary age. The Stena IceMAX rig is expected to arrive on location in the second quarter despite the well, which is located in approximately 4,000 feet of water. BP has a 50% working interest and Hess and Chevron, each have 25%. In summary, our execution in 2022 was again strong, and 2023 will be an exciting year with the Bakken returning to a steady growth trajectory, with an active drilling program in the Gulf of Mexico and with the advancement of our major projects and further delineation of the significant upside in Guyana, all of which position us to deliver industry-leading performance and significant shareholder value for many years to come. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the fourth quarter of 2022 to the third quarter of 2022. We had net income of $624 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared with $515 million in the third quarter of 2022. On an adjusted basis, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings, we had net income of $548 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared with $583 million in the previous quarter. Turning to E&P. E&P adjusted net income was $591 million in the fourth quarter compared with $626 million in the third quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of E&P earnings between the fourth and third quarter of 2022 were as follows: higher sales volumes increased earnings by $246 million; lower realized selling prices decreased earnings by $288 million; higher DD&A expense decreased earnings by $29 million; lower cash costs and Midstream tariffs increased earnings by $19 million; lower exploration expenses increased earnings by $13 million; all other items increased earnings by $4 million for an overall decrease in fourth quarter earnings of $35 million. For the fourth quarter, our E&P sales volumes were overlifted compared with production by approximately 1.3 million barrels, which increased our after-tax income by approximately $60 million. Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $64 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared with $68 million in the third quarter. Midstream EBITDA, before non-controlling interest, amounted to $244 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to $252 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position. At December 31, excluding the Midstream segment, cash and cash equivalents were $2.48 billion; total liquidity was $5.73 billion, including available committed credit facilities; and debt and finance lease obligations totaled $5.6 billion. During the fourth quarter, we completed the sale of our 8% interest in the Waha Concession in Libya for net proceeds of $150 million, and we purchased 5 million REDD+ carbon credits from the Government of Guyana for $75 million. Total cash returned to shareholders in the fourth quarter through share repurchases and dividends amounted to $405 million. We repurchased approximately 2.3 million shares of common stock for $310 million in the fourth quarter, bringing total share repurchases in 2022 to $650 million at an average price of approximately $120 per share. Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $1.4 billion in both the fourth and third quarter. In the fourth quarter, net cash provided by operating activities after changes in operating assets and liabilities was $1.25 billion compared with $1.34 billion in the third quarter. E&P capital and exploratory expenditures were $818 million in the fourth quarter compared to $701 million in the third quarter. Now turning to guidance, first for E&P. We project E&P cash costs to be in the range of $14 to $14.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter, which includes a planned workover at the Penn State Field in the Gulf of Mexico. For the full year 2023, E&P cash costs are expected to be in the range of $13.50 to $14.50 per barrel of oil equivalent. DD&A expense is forecast to be in the range of $13 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and $13 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year 2023. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs to be in the range of $27 to $28 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and $26.50 to $28.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year 2023. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million in the first quarter and $160 million to $170 million for the full year 2023. The Midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $290 million to $300 million for the first quarter and $1.23 billion to $1.25 billion for the full year 2023. E&P income tax expense is expected to be in the range of $160 million to $170 million for the first quarter and $590 million to $600 million for the full year 2023. As of January 24, 2023, we have purchased WTI put options for 75,000 barrels of oil per day for 2023 with an average monthly floor price of $70 per barrel. We plan to increase our hedge position to a similar level as 2022, depending on market conditions. Based on our current position, we expect non-cash option premium amortization, which will be reflected in our realized selling prices to reduce our earnings by approximately $25 million in the first quarter and by approximately $120 million for the full year 2023. Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $850 million in the first quarter and approximately $3.7 billion for the full year of 2023. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $55 million to $60 million for the first quarter and $255 million to $265 million for the full year 2023. For corporate, corporate expenses are estimated to be approximately $35 million for the first quarter and $120 million to $130 million for the full year 2023. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $80 million to $85 million for the first quarter and $305 million to $315 million for the full year 2023. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Arun Jayaram: Greg, I was wondering if you could give us a bit of a teach-in on the deeper sand channels that youre exploring and have had success at Fangtooth. I know youre drilling Lancetfish. But give us a sense of  are you still in the Campanian, but a little bit of a teach-in on what youre exploring for?
Greg Hill: Well, thanks for the question, Arun. Again, as we have said before, if you look at the deeper interval, its only 3,000 feet below the upper Campanian in which the majority of our discoveries and if you look at that interval, it really underlies a lot of Stabroek Block. And over the past couple of years, weve had a number of penetrations in that tails of existing wells. But I think importantly, the Fangtooth discovery was our first stand-alone deep prospect and the Fangtooth-1, the first well had 164 feet of pay. In the Fangtooth Southeast well, which is located 8.5 miles southeast of that original discovery well, it had 200 feet of oil-bearing pay. And so we are going to continue to appraise that this year, probably get a DST in it. And as you mentioned, there are some other channels in and around Fangtooth, there is one called Lancetfish thats northeast of Fangtooth, and there is a prospect called Basher, which is actually west of Fangtooth and the combination of all that is pretty exciting. And as John mentioned in his opening remarks, it could mean a potential future oil development in there. We will also continue to explore the deep as we kind of go through the next couple of years. But I think its very encouraging, and we will just continue to add to the discovered resource and also the significant exploration upside we see.
Arun Jayaram: Got it. Just a follow-up, I know, Greg, you mentioned youll do a DST later this year. But what is it about Fangtooth thats kind of moving it up the development queue, perhaps maybe after Whiptail to be the seventh boat on the Stabroek Block?
Greg Hill: Yes. I think its that were seeing good quality reservoir and again, oil bearing. So our strategy is to continue to progress the oil developments as quickly as we can on the Stabroek Block. So good quality sand and oil bearing. So its coming up in the queue.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays. Your line is open.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking our questions.
John Hess: Good morning, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning. Maybe just going to cash returns real quick here. Youre committed to returning up to 75% of annual adjusted free cash flow through dividends and buybacks. Can you talk about what determines where you fall within that range for 2023, whether its related to oil prices, the balance sheet or maybe anything else? I mean we note that you have a really healthy cash balance right now and your debt maturities in 24 and 27 are pretty manageable.
John Hess: Yes. No. Excellent question, Jeanine. As I said earlier, with this capital budget of $3.7 billion, our first priority is to continue to allocate capital to our high-return, low-cost investment opportunities. Thats really priority number one for this year. Along with that, the next priority is to keep a very strong cash position and balance sheet. You heard John saying we bought some puts to provide downside protection, still have unlimited upside appreciation for our shareholders. But I want to protect the downside where its a volatile market, and we want to make sure the downside is protected. And then in terms of return on capital, yes, over the year, 75% of that free cash flow will be returned to our shareholders as we did last year. The first priority within that, Jeanine, is to grow our dividend. So our Board meets regularly and will give strong consideration to increasing our dividend during this quarter. Then as the year goes on as market conditions and our return of capital framework provide, then strong consideration will be to increase share repurchases as we did last year.
Jeanine Wai: Great. Thank you. And maybe turning back to Guyana here, the Uaru development project, I believe, is anticipated to be around $12.7 billion. Would you be able to comment on the moving pieces versus the Yellowtail cost estimate? For example, how much is related to additional scope versus inflation? And are there other things that arent included in that $12.7 billion? And should we consider that as the baseline for future projects, which look to be a similar size or maybe even bigger? Thank you.
Greg Hill: Yes. So the $12.7 billion is consistent with the estimate that the operator submitted as part of their EIA to the Government of Guyana. And that number is going to be finalized as the project progresses. And once we sanction it, we will give the final details. But in any case, the final cost of Uaru reflects a couple of things. It reflects current market conditions and then also additional scope. One example is, is the surf is twice as big as Yellowtail, for example, because it connects a number of further away kind of reservoir systems. But we will give you a final color on that once the project is finally sanctioned.
John Hess: And I think, Jeanine, whats also important is Uaru still offers some of the best returns in the industry. So even though there is cost inflation with the resource were developing. The fact that its low cost, low carbon, it still offers some of the best returns in the industry.
Jeanine Wai: Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Hi, good morning, everyone.
John Hess: Good morning.
Doug Leggate: Guys, I wonder if I could ask a kind of a longer-term question. So Exxon had signaled a couple of years ago that if the deeper horizon worked, John, I think youve talked about this a number of times, we could be looking at double the resource potential at the time they were talking 10, so that would be 20 billion BOEs. It seems crazy to think that. But my question is, are you going to have enough time because the exploration phases on the stand that runs out in 2026. And this thing continues to get bigger, were already in 2023. What needs to happen for you guys to retain everything that you ultimately could find over the next several years? And what does that mean for development time lines and, I guess, relinquishment of block acreage and so on?
John Hess: Yes, Doug, excellent question. We still see multibillion barrels of exploration potential remaining. Greg made some great context remarks on the deeper horizon at 18,000 feet versus where most of our development efforts and exploration efforts have happened at 15,000 feet. We are still in the early innings of defining the deeper potential, definitely multibillion barrels potential remaining. And to get after that, thats why ExxonMobil is doing an excellent job developing this block, has a six-rig program. Three of them are for development activities and three really are for exploration and appraisal. So, we are going to continue to have a very active exploration appraisal program this year and future years to make sure we capture all the high-value resources that we think are on the block.
Doug Leggate: So, just to be clear, John, you think you are going to have enough time in terms of securing the development approvals before 26, or do you have an extension on that to secure the development approvals?
John Hess: No. The reason we are doing the exploration and appraisal program, Doug, is to get ahead of that to make sure we capture all the resources that we can, and we work closely with our joint venture led by ExxonMobil and the government to do that.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Appreciate that, John. My follow-up, I here want to take this is its kind of a two-parter, if you dont mind, because I think you did mention Uaru's EIS but you have also given guidance on Guyana for this year, which has got a lot of kind of cryptic comments perhaps around downtime for debottlenecking Liza and so on. So, there is a lot of things going on in terms of that 3-year, 4-year visibility. So, my question is this. First of all, can you give us some kind of a guide as to what the downtime and ultimate capacity would look like for Liza-2 as we go through this year? Some sort of trajectory, I guess. And then my kind of Part B is, a lot of people are freaking out over the $12.7 billion number that Exxon put in the EIS. Now, we know that the absolute cost recovery is not a big of a deal. But you guys typically have come in lower than that because of contingency. Can you tell us what Hess number is relative to that $12.7 billion?
Greg Hill: Yes. Thanks Doug. So, let me take your first question. So, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we are looking at a potential debottlenecking sometime in the latter half of 2023 for Phase 2. Now, as we have spoken before, each one of these is going to be bespoke, depending on the vessel. You typically want a year of dynamic data before you engineer the project to understand where the pinch points are on the vessel. As I have said in the past, I think you can expect kind of a 10%-ish uplift in any kind of debottlenecking. I think thats in the range of possibilities here as well. Again, we are just in the early stages of engineering that. So, that would maybe come on in the fourth quarter. So, we have included some downtime for that in the guidance for Guyana. I think the quarter four of 2022 basically had no downtime. And as we project forward to 2023, we are really trying to include pigging and the normal maintenance downtime, some debottlenecking downtime in those production estimates for next year and also the tax barrels are a little bit different what John can talk about. And John can also talk about the CapEx for Uaru. So, John Rielly
John Rielly: Yes. On the $12.7 billion, Doug, right now, look, we are going to wait for the final sanction where we come out with our estimates. But you are correct, there was always a contingency in at the beginning of these projects and rightfully so, several years of construction. What we can say is that ExxonMobil has done a fantastic job on every single project, meeting or beating their estimates on cost and on time on execution. So, John has said it earlier, this project will have world-class breakeven, will be world-class returns there in Uaru. We are excited about that. Final details once the government has approved it, we can provide.
Doug Leggate: And its not lost on as its 30% bigger. Thanks so much John. I appreciate it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys. Good morning. Couple of questions, I think the first kind of is two part is for John Rielly, just to clarify. When you say 75,000 for $70, is that Brent or WTI? And also that when you are talking about in the fourth quarter, the $75 million, the carbon credit purchase, where does it show  where did you show up in the income statement and the cash flow for the fourth quarter?
John Rielly: Sure. So, let me do your first question was on the hedges that we put on. We have WTI put options on right now. So, thats 75,000. And like I said, we do intend to get to a similar level as last year. And combined between WTI and Brent, we had about 150,000 barrels a day hedged last year. So, again, you should be looking for us to add to this position. But currently, that 75,000 is for WTI put options at $70.
Paul Cheng: And John, for the 120 million on the premium for the full year, is that just for this not in anticipation of the increase in the put option you are going to put?
John Rielly: That is correct. That is just for the 75,000 we have. Simple math, if you want to double it to get to 150,000, you could double it, but we will give you updates on that as we increase our hedge position. Then your second question on the carbon credits. So, what we have, that 75,000  75 million purchase on the carbon credits, you will see it on our balance sheet in other long-term assets. And when you look at, there is nothing on the income statement because that is an asset being held. And on that cash flow statement, it is in working capital.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And my final question is for Greg. Bakken, can you tell us what is the winter storm impact in the fourth quarter? And also, I understand the first quarter you have been conservative contingency on the weather. But for the full year production, it seems now you have low compared to what we have expected even after taking into consideration of the first quarter. Is the number of wells that you plan for this year end up is going to be lighter than previously, or is there anything that you can share that seems to be low comparing to what I think previously has been discussing?
Greg Hill: No. So, I think let me talk first about the snowfall for that. The severe snowfall coupled with really low wind chill, significantly impacted our ability to mobilize resources. You just cant put people to work at minus 30, minus 40 wind chill. And so what that did was it significantly increased our backlog of down wells. And then importantly, it delayed bringing new wells online. We projected 25 new wells online coming on in the fourth quarter, that number was 15. So, we lost 10 wells. And if you assume those things come on at 1,100 barrels a day, 1,200 barrels a day, you can see thats a fairly significant impact. I think we are in recovery mode. We expect to recover in the quarter from that. It just takes time to build and dig out of that literally. But importantly, Paul, I think the Bakken now is on this steady build, this steady cadence, a steady build to get to that 200,000 barrel a day average in 2025, so there will be this regular cadence. We will probably touch 200 towards the end of 2024. But I think importantly, we will average 200,000 barrels a day in 2025. So, we are on a solid trajectory from here to 2025 and not concerned at all about it. Wells are performing as expected. You are coming in with these IP 180s of 120, EURs of 1.2. Thats in spite of going into a little bit less quality acreage. So, the reservoir is performing exactly as expected. These are just weather aberrations as you kind of go through the year. Thats all it is.
Paul Cheng: I see. Great. Do you have an estimate what is the exit rate for this year in Bakken?
Greg Hill: No, not yet and we will guide that as we go through the year, Paul. And as I am always kind of hesitant because fourth quarter is always a little odd on weather, so we wait until we are closer and kind of look forward at weather forecast before we like to project that far out.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Neil Mehta: Hey. Thanks guys. And I just want to follow-up on Jeanines question around capital returns. In the fourth quarter, you bought $310 million worth of stock, and I think you did $650 million last year. The share prices have done really well, so congrats on that. Has the appreciation of the share price changed your  how aggressive you want to be around buying back stock? And as we think about this year, recognizing to prioritizing the dividend, should we think that there will be a ratable buyback as well?
John Hess: Thanks Neil. Just going back to what John has said a little early, you reiterated our priorities, invest in those high-return opportunities Guyana and Bakken, maintain that strong balance sheet. So, the first thing, as John had mentioned, we will be looking at the dividend because that will give strong consideration first to that dividend increase. And then in line, we are going to return cash up to the 75% through further share repurchases then. So, as we look at  as you said, with the stock appreciation, we are committed to that return framework, and we will return up to that 75% through both the dividends and share repurchases. And the way we look at it right now is we currently only have two FPSOs on producing in Guyana. We have Payara starting in this year. And remember, every time an FPSO comes on and once its fully ramped, Payara is going to be about 55,000 barrels a day, 60,000 barrels a day to us and $1 billion in cash flow. So, then you have Yellowtail similarly in 2025, a little bit bigger. So, 65,000 barrels a day approximately. When thats fully up and running, a little bit more cash flow than that $1 billion. Now, we have got Uaru in 26, and we got up to 10 FPSOs to develop all the resources we have found. So, we believe in buying our shares in advance of that significant cash flow growth and NAV accretion that each of these FPSO generates. So, we believe that will deliver significant value to shareholders by continuing the share repurchases.
Neil Mehta: Yes. Thank you, John. And the follow-up is just around post-2023 CapEx, recognizing again that there is a cost recovery element here. And we just try to calibrate our models post-2023. Any moving pieces that you would point us to, to help us think about where we should test those numbers?
John Hess: So, obviously, this is really early, Neil, so thanks for that question. But as you move into next year, just think Bakken steady four-rig program shouldnt be much changes there. Gulf of Mexico, we will see what happens. Greg had talked about the wells we are drilling this year and we will see what  any follow-ons as it relates to that. So, its a little early. Southeast Asia may be slowly coming down. You saw it came down a bit in 23 from last year. And then Guyana, obviously, the big spend. So, we will continue to have three FPSOs kind of coming in line. So, Payara will be on, but we will still have three FPSOs that are in the development phase. So, with those, I mean you see with current market, so the current market is a bit up, so you can kind of take up those three FPSOs a bit as compared to what we have this year. And then the one other piece to add is the FPSO purchases, which we expect to have our first FPSO purchase in early 2024.
Neil Mehta: Great. Thank you. Thanks John. Very helpful.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe just a couple of quick ones. First off, I appreciate you talked about some of the cost inflation that you have seen and been able to mitigate there in the Bakken. I dont know you have talked about it indirectly with the Uaru number. But what are you seeing in terms of cost inflation on the offshore rig rates are certainly up? I mean as we look at things in Canada and Gulf of Mexico and across your portfolio, what type of inflation are you seeing year-on-year, and where is it worse in the offshore?
Greg Hill: Well, I think as you mentioned, I mean certainly, rigs are going up kind of the mid to high-3s, approaching 400, I think for offshore rigs, not unreasonable. Now remember, we are largely insulated from that because the  certainly, the first three developments in Guyana are actually already locked in four actually with Yellowtail. So, those costs were locked in. Some of the rig rates flowed a little bit. And obviously, oil country tubular goods were up, but I will say that ExxonMobil has done an outstanding job of delivering improvements to offset both rig cost increases and oil country tubular good increases. So, we are fairly insulated because of the projects we have going on. And as we mentioned, the cost in Uaru will reflect that market inflation, and we will get into details all that once its finally sanctioned. But those are sort of the levels we are seeing. But again, we are largely insulated from that in our portfolio because of the nature of Guyana.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thanks. And then maybe just a philosophical question on the hedging, I appreciate the detail on this years hedging. As we think longer term, as production capacity continues to increase in Guyana and that stable cash flow kind of grows, do you expect to reduce your hedging amount over time, or do you view that as just kind of a strategic importance from an insurance point of view?
John Hess: We definitely view it as strategic importance from an insurance point of view. And I think you can clearly expect our WTI hedge levels to remain at similar levels that we have done before, again, the tax and royalty aspect of it. Percentage-wise from on the Brent side as production keeps growing each time we bring on FPSOs, you could see maybe percentage-wise that we could have a lower hedge percentage overall. But again, I think you should expect us to have a good significant insurance protection each year just to protect that downside and again, leave the upside for investors.
Ryan Todd: Thanks John.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Noel Parks with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Noel Parks: Hi. Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Noel Parks: I just wanted to touch base on something that was mentioned earlier on. You were just talking about experiencing exceptional facilities reliability in Guyana. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about maybe how that contributed to results? I was just curious if you had modeled some maintenance or slowdown in there that you want it not having to do?
Greg Hill: No. What my earlier comment was if you look at Q4 in Guyana, there was little maintenance at all in Guyana. And then as we look forward for a whole year, you have to build some of that in. You will have some pigging runs and some facility maintenance. So, we had to build that into the downtime as we kind of look forward for a full year of Guyana production, but Q4 was exceptional, very high reliability.
Noel Parks: Okay. Great. And I apologize if you touched on this. I dropped off for a minute. But the offshore Canada prospect that you mentioned, I just wondered if you could talk a little bit about the geology of that and how it was identified?
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So, we identified this prospect with a number of partners really about the same time that we identified the Guyana opportunity. And this is a very large stratigraphic trap. There is only a one-well commitment. As we mentioned in our opening remarks, the rig will show up in the second quarter. The prospect is very shallow. Its about 15,000 feet or so, and its only in 4,000 feet of water, total depth 15,000. So, this is going to be a kind of a one-well wonder, and we will see where it goes. But its very large.
Noel Parks: Okay. Great. Good to hear. Thanks.
Greg Hill: Thanks.
John Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2022 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Carman, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Carman. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC.  Also, on todays conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. In case there are any audio issues, we will be posting transcripts of each speakers prepared remarks on www.hess.com following the presentation. Ill now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay, good morning. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. Today, I will share some thoughts about the oil markets and then review our progress in executing our strategy. Greg Hill will then discuss our operations, and John Rielly will review our financial results. Global oil demand has returned to pre-COVID levels of approximately 100 million barrels per day. As we look to 2023, even with a recessionary environment and a slowing world economy, we expect global oil demand to grow by at least one million barrels per day driven by China reopening its economy and an increase in global air travel. Oil supply, on the other hand, continues to struggle to keep up with global demand. Global oil inventories are approximately 300 million barrels less than pre-COVID levels, and there is very little spare production capacity in the world. Oil markets were tight even before Russia invaded Ukraine and are expected to get even tighter this winter with the potential for further sanctions on Russian oil exports. The world is facing a structural supply deficit and significantly more global oil investment is needed. According to the International Energy Agency, a reasonable estimate for the global oil and gas investment needed for supply to meet demand is approximately $500 billion each year over the next 10 years. The last five years have seen significant underinvestment, which will tighten supply as global oil demand grows in the years ahead. The International Energy Agencys World Energy Outlook provides multiple scenarios for addressing the dual challenge of growing global energy supply by about 20% over the next 20 years and reaching net-zero emissions by 2050. In all of these IEA scenarios, oil and gas will be needed for decades to come. So, to ensure an affordable, just and secure energy transition, we need to invest significantly more in oil and gas, and we also must have government policies that encourage investment, rather than discourage it. In a world that will need reliable, low cost oil and gas resources for decades to come, Hess is very well positioned. Our strategy is to deliver high return resource growth, a low cost of supply and industry  leading cash flow growth, and at the same time maintain our industry leadership in environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure. Our successful execution of this strategy has uniquely positioned our company to deliver significant value to shareholders for years to come, by growing both intrinsic value and cash returns. By investing only in high return, low cost opportunities, we have built a differentiated and balanced portfolio focused on Guyana, the Bakken, deepwater Gulf of Mexico, and Southeast Asia. With multiple phases of low cost oil developments coming online in Guyana and our robust inventory of high return drilling locations in the Bakken, we can deliver highly profitable production growth of more than 10% annually over the next five years. As our high quality resource base expands, we will steadily move down the cost curve. Our four sanctioned oil developments in Guyana have a breakeven Brent oil price of between $25 and $35 per barrel. In terms of cash flow growth, we have an industry leading rate of change story and durability story, providing a unique value proposition. Based upon a flat Brent oil price of $65 per barrel, our cash flow is forecast to increase by approximately 25% annually between 2021 and 2026 more than twice as fast as our top-line growth, and our balance sheet will also continue to strengthen, with debt to EBITDAX expected to decline to under one time in 2024. As our portfolio becomes increasingly free cash flow positive in the coming years, we are committed to returning up to 75% of our annual free cash flow to shareholders, with the remainder going to strengthen the balance sheet by increasing our cash position or further reducing our debt. We continued common stock repurchases during the third quarter, repurchasing $150 million of stock as part of the $650 million stock repurchase program announced earlier this year, and we intend to repurchase the remaining $310 million of stock in the fourth quarter. Looking ahead, we plan to continue increasing our regular dividend to a level that is attractive to income-oriented investors, but sustainable in a low oil price environment. As our free cash flow generation steadily increases in the years ahead, share repurchases will represent a growing proportion of our return of capital. Key to our strategy is Guyana, one of the industrys highest margin, lowest carbon intensity and highest growth oil and gas prospects according to Wood Mackenzie data. On the Stabroek Block in Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator, we continue to see the potential for six floating production storage and offloading vessels or FPSOs in 2027 with a gross production capacity of more than one million barrels of oil per day and up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources on the block. In terms of our sanctioned oil developments on the block: The Liza Phase 1 and Liza Phase 2 developments are currently operating at their combined gross production capacity of more than 360,000 barrels of oil per day. Our third development at the Payara Field, with a gross production capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day, remains on schedule for start up at the end of 2023. Our fourth development, Yellowtail, which was sanctioned in April, will be the largest development to date on the Stabroek Block with first oil expected in 2025. The project will develop an estimated recoverable resource base of approximately 925 million barrels of oil and have a gross production capacity of approximately 250000 barrels of oil per day. Front end engineering and design work for our fifth development at Uaru is underway, with a Plan of Development expected to be submitted to the government before year end. In terms of exploration and appraisal in Guyana, this morning we announced two new discoveries on the  block at Yarrow and Sailfin, bringing our total this year to nine. These discoveries will add to the previously announced gross discovered recoverable resource estimate for the Stabroek Block of approximately 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent  and we continue to see multibillion barrels of future exploration potential remaining. In Suriname, we recently drilled the Zanderij-1 well, where Hess has a 33% interest and Shell is the operator. The well demonstrated a working petroleum system and encountered oil pay. The well results are being evaluated and further exploration activities are being considered. Turning to sustainability, we are proud to be recognized as an industry leader in our environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure. Hess has once again achieved Level 4 status in the Transition Pathway Initiatives recent management quality assessment, which is the highest level awarded to companies that demonstrably manage climate-related risks and opportunities from a governance, operational and strategic perspective in line with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) recommendations. In summary, we continue to successfully execute our strategy and deliver strong operational and ESG performance. We truly offer a unique value proposition  to grow both our intrinsic value and our cash returns by increasing our resource base, delivering a lower cost of supply and generating the best cash flow growth among our peers, major oil companies and the top quartile of the S&P 500. As our portfolio becomes increasingly free cash flow positive, we will continue to prioritize the return of capital to our shareholders through further dividend increases and share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. In the third quarter, we delivered strong operational performance. Companywide net production averaged 351,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, compared to our guidance of 330,000 to 335,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This production beat reflects strong performance across our portfolio. For the fourth quarter, we expect companywide net production to average approximately 370,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. For the full year 2022, we now expect companywide net production to average approximately 325,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, up from our previous guidance of approximately 320,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Turning to the Bakken, third quarter net production averaged 166,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This was above our guidance of 155,000 to 160,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and primarily reflected strong execution and recovery following challenging weather conditions in the first half of the year. For the fourth quarter, we expect Bakken net production to average between 165,000 and 170,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full year 2022, we now forecast Bakken net production to average approximately 155,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is the high end of our previous guidance range of 150,000 to 155,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the third quarter, we drilled 20 wells and brought 22 new wells online. For the fourth quarter, we expect to drill approximately 30 wells and to bring approximately 25 new wells online; and for the full year 2022, we expect to drill approximately 90 wells and to bring approximately 80 new wells online. In terms of drilling and completion costs, although we continue to experience cost inflation, we are maintaining our full year average forecast of $6.3 million per well in 2022. Given the improvement in oil prices and our robust inventory of high return drilling locations, we added a fourth rig in July. Moving to a four rig program will allow us to grow net production to approximately 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2024, which will maximize free cash flow generation, optimize our in-basin infrastructure and drive further reductions in our unit cash costs. Now moving to the offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, third quarter net production averaged 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was at the high end of our guidance range of 25,000 to 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, primarily reflecting the successful start up of the Shell-operated Llano 6 tieback. For the fourth quarter and full year 2022, we forecast Gulf of Mexico net production to average approximately 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In Southeast Asia, net production in the third quarter was 57,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, above our guidance of approximately 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Planned maintenance work was successfully completed at both the North Malay Basin and JDA assets during the third quarter. Fourth quarter and full year 2022 net production is forecast to average between 60,000 and 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now turning to Guyana. In the third quarter, net production from the Liza Phase 1 and Phase 2 developments averaged 98,000 barrels of oil per day, including tax barrels of 7,000 barrels of oil per day  above our guidance of 90,000 to 95,000 barrels of oil per day. Both the Liza Destiny and Liza Unity Floating Production, Storage and Offloading vessels delivered strong operating performance and high facility uptime during the quarter. Guyana net production is forecast to average approximately 110,000 barrels of oil per day in the fourth quarter, including tax barrels of 20,000 barrels of oil per day. For the full year 2022, Guyana net production is forecast to average approximately 77,000 barrels of oil per day, including tax barrels of 7,000 barrels of oil per day, slightly above our previous guidance of 75,000 barrels of oil per day. Turning to our third sanctioned development at Payara, topsides installation and development drilling are underway. The overall project is approximately 88% complete. The FPSO Prosperity will have a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day and is on track to achieve first oil at the end of 2023. Our fourth sanctioned development at Yellowtail will utilize the ONE GUYANA FPSO with a gross capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day. Fabrication of topside modules kicked off in September and the hull is expected to arrive in Singapore in early 2023. The overall project is approximately 29% complete and is on track to achieve first oil in 2025. With regard to our fifth development, Uaru, the operator plans to submit a Plan of Development to the government before the end of this year, with approval expected by the end of the first quarter of 2023. The plan utilizes an FPSO with a gross capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day with first oil targeted for the end of 2026. As John mentioned, this morning, we announced discoveries at Yarrow and Sailfin. The Yarrow-1 well, located approximately nine miles southeast of the Barreleye-1 well, encountered 75 feet of high quality, oil bearing sandstone reservoir. The Sailfin-1 well, located approximately 15 miles southeast of the Turbot-1 well, encountered 312 feet of high quality, hydrocarbon bearing sandstone reservoir. The Banjo-1 well did not encounter commercial quantities of hydrocarbons and was expensed in the third quarter. The Banjo-1 well did not encounter commercial quantities of hydrocarbons and was expensed in the third quarter.  On Block 42 in Suriname, we recently drilled the Zanderij-1 well, where Hess has a 33% interest and Shell is the operator. The well demonstrated a working petroleum system and encountered oil pay. The well results are being evaluated and further exploration activities are being considered.  Looking forward, fourth quarter exploration and appraisal activities on the Stabroek Block in Guyana will include the Fangtooth SE-1 well, which is a deep test located approximately 8 miles southeast of the Fangtooth-1 discovery well. We will also drill the Fish-1 exploration well located approximately 62 miles northwest of Liza-1. This well will target multiple stacked reservoir intervals. In addition, we plan to drill the Lancetfish-1 well, located approximately 3 miles west of the Liza-3 well which will target deeper reservoirs.  In closing, our execution continues to be strong. The Bakken is on a strong, capital efficient growth trajectory, our Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia assets continue to generate significant free cash flow, and Guyana continues to get bigger and better  all of which position us to deliver industry leading returns, material free cash flow generation and significant shareholder value.  I will now turn the call over to John Rielly. 
John Rielly: Thanks Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the third quarter of 2022 to the second quarter of 2022. We had net income of $515 million in the third quarter of 2022, or $583 million on an adjusted basis.  Net income was $667 million in the second quarter of 2022. Turning to E&P. E&P adjusted net income was $626 million in the third quarter compared with $723 million in the second quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of E&P earnings between the third quarter and second quarter of 2022 were as follows: Higher sales volumes increased earnings by $370 million. Lower realized selling prices decreased earnings by $314 million. Higher DD&A expense decreased earnings by $70 million. Higher cash costs and Midstream tariffs decreased earnings by $55 million. Higher exploration expenses decreased earnings by $22 million. All other items decreased earnings by $6 million for an overall decrease in third quarter earnings of $97 million.  In the third quarter we sold eight cargos of crude oil in Guyana, up from six cargos in the second quarter. For the third quarter, our E&P sales volumes were underlifted compared with production by approximately 1 million barrels which decreased our after-tax income by approximately $50 million. In the fourth quarter, we expect to sell nine cargos from Guyana.  Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $68 million in the third quarter of 2022 compared with $65 million in the second quarter. Midstream EBITDA, before noncontrolling interests, amounted to $252 million in the third quarter of 2022 compared to $241 million in the previous quarter.  Turning to our financial position. At September 30, excluding the Midstream segment, cash and cash equivalents were $2.38 billion, and total liquidity was $5.73 billion including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $5.60 billion.  In the third quarter, we continued our common stock share repurchases with the purchase of approximately 1.4 million shares for $150 million. We intend to acquire the remaining board authorized amount of $310 million in the fourth quarter of this year. Total cash returned to shareholders in the third quarter amounted to $265 million including dividends. Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $1.4 billion in the third quarter compared with $1.5 billion in the second quarter, primarily due to lower realized selling prices. In the third quarter, changes in operating assets and liabilities decreased cash flow from operating activities by $66 million. E&P capital and exploratory expenditures were $701 million in the third quarter and $622 million in the second quarter.  Now turning to guidance. First for E&P, our E&P cash costs in the third quarter of 2022 were $13.19 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya, and $13.64 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya. We project E&P cash costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $13 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter and in the range of $13.50 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year, which is unchanged from our previous guidance.  DD&A expense was $12.56 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya and $13.03 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya in the third quarter. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $13 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter and $12.50 to $13 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year, which is also unchanged from our previous guidance. This results projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $26 to $27 per barrel of oil equivalent for both the fourth quarter and full year 2022.  Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be approximately $40 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $155 million for the full year, which is down from our previous full year guidance of $160 million to $170 million. The Midstream tariff is projected to be approximately $310 million for the fourth quarter and approximately $1,205 million for the full year, which is within the range of our previous full year guidance of $1,190 million to $1,215 million.  E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya is expected to be approximately $210 million for the fourth quarter and approximately $560 million for the full year, which is up from our previous full year guidance range of $540 million to $550 million. We expect non-cash option premium amortization, which will be reflected in our realized selling prices, will be approximately $165 million for the fourth quarter.  Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $800 million in the fourth quarter and full year guidance of approximately $2.7 billion remains unchanged. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be approximately $65 million for the fourth quarter and approximately $270 million for the full year, which is the midpoint of our previous full year guidance range of $265 million to $275 million.  For corporate; Corporate expenses are estimated to be approximately $35 million for the fourth quarter and approximately $135 million for the full year, which is down from our previous full year guidance of approximately $150 million. Interest expense is estimated to be approximately $85 million for the fourth quarter and approximately $345 million for the full year, which is at the lower end of our previous full year guidance range of $345 million to $350 million.  This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first questions come from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Securities. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah. Good morning, Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan.
John Rielly: Morning.
Arun Jayaram: Morning guys. John, I know you guys are pretty knee deep, in your planning and budgeting process, but I was wondering if you could offer any, soft guidance commentary for 2023 as we think about volumes and CapEx and what is obviously in a little bit more of an inflationary environment in particularly offshore.
John Rielly: Sure, Arun. Thanks for the question. As usual, we will provide, to your point, our 2023 capital guidance in January, but I'll try to give you some high-level information now compared to 2022. So if we're going to start with Guyana. In 2022, we have $1 billion of development spend. And as you know, that includes two projects, Payara and Yellowtail. So in 2023, we will continue spending on Payara and Yellowtail, but we will add, subject to government approval, a third development project at Uaru. And, to a lesser amount a gas to energy project as well. So while the Uaru project is going to have industry-leading returns and a low cost of supply, the cost of the Uaru project, as you mentioned, will be higher, reflecting the current market conditions as well as additional scope to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. So with that, we currently expect our Guyana spend to increase by approximately $500 million to $700 million in 2023. So the midpoint of that would be going up from $1 billion to $1.6 billion. In the Bakken, we are spending approximately $850 million this year, and we added the fourth rig later in the year. So we expect an additional $250 million of spend in 2023, reflecting a full year of a 4-rig program. And that 4-rig program as well as the expected industry inflation drives that $250 million increase there in the Bakken. In the Gulf of Mexico, we are still finalizing our 2023 program, but we do see the potential for two well tiebacks and also one hub class exploration opportunity. So with that is approximately $150 million increase in the Gulf of Mexico. So therefore, adding those up, taking the midpoint of the Guyana number, we expect our 2023 capital exploratory spend, and again, it's preliminary to be approximately $3.7 billion or about $1 billion more than 2022.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And any thoughts on just overall volumes or too premature at this point?
John Rielly: It is premature at this point. And I mean, again, think about us from a longer-term standpoint on production growth, we've seen that we can grow our top line production growth. And it's just an output of the great opportunities that we have in Guyana that over the long term, we can grow at greater than 10%. Because  just think about in 2024 now, as Greg mentioned earlier, we'll get the Bakken to 200,000 barrels a day. And then we'll have Payara on as well. So that's going to add another 50,000 to 55,000 barrels. So right then add those two together, you're almost up 25% absolute from where we are right now. So again, as we move into next year, we'll give that production guide early in the year. But the growth is going to be lumpy basically when the FPSOs come online. So that's how you should think about it as we move into next year.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just my follow-up, I wanted to  I've gotten some buy-side queries on Exxon's release today. And maybe you could just help clarify they mentioned in their release that they expect Guyana's oil productive capacity to be more than 1 million barrels by the end of the decade. John, today, you mentioned you'll have six FPSOs by 2027, which is in line with the consortium's previous outlook. Anything in that comment, in Exxon's release that you could kind of clarify?
John Hess: No, you have to ask Exxon about that but our comment about by 2027 having productive capacity growth of over 1 million barrels of oil per day. That's very consistent with what Exxon has said the last several years, and that's the correct
Arun Jayaram: Okay, great. Probably just semantics. Thanks a lot, John.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: I love the pronunciation. Good morning everybody.
John Hess: Good morning Doug.
Doug Leggate: John, I guess I would like to  sorry to be up on this last point that Arun mentioned. But I know I've asked you and I've asked Exxon this before and anyone who's listened  knows that Exxon's answer is they're basically being conservative. But tell me why, with the long plateaus that you're clearly going to have in these boats, so the production capacity of an additional [indiscernible] doesn't get you close to $1.3 billion. Over $1 million just seems to me is getting a bit old, pardon my expression, but it looks to us, at least 30% over that was what you've got line of sight on. Why is that not right?
John Hess: Doug, I think the 2027 number of six FPSOs and at least 1 million barrels a day of gross production is a good number. It's a conservative number, and is there some upside to that? Yes, there certainly is.
Doug Leggate: Is my math wrong?
John Hess: No. Well, as opposed to talking about your math, let's talk about our math. We're saying 1 million barrels a day, six FPSOs, 2027, there's upside to that number.
Doug Leggate: Okay. All right. Sorry to press. All right. My follow-up is as you look into  John's obviously walked through the CapEx story. Obviously, the cash  the recovery of the cash flow of CapEx in Guyana makes a lot of that, obviously, just somewhat move to the overall cash return story, I guess, given how quickly you get the money back. So I guess my question is that the 75% of free cash flow target, you're clearly lagging that this year. What can we expect by way of an inflection in cash returns in 2023 at pricing current strip?
John Hess: Yes Doug, thanks for the question. It's an excellent one. As we look to 2023, our financial priorities remain first, to invest in our high-return opportunities, especially in Guyana and Bakken that John talked about, the $3.7 billion capital program. Second to maintain a strong cash position and balance sheet to ensure that we can fund these high-return opportunities and investments through the cycle. Then we would give strong consideration next year to further increasing our regular dividend. And then following that, in line with the capital return program, where we have committed to returning the remainder of our free cash flow up to 75% through share repurchases. And similar to this year, we have the flexibility to return in excess of 75%. You'll recall, at the end of the quarter, we had $2.38 billion of cash on the balance sheet. So we have flexibility for next year. So depending upon market conditions, oil prices, financial prices, where the recession and the economic slowdown come out, we'll be positioned to increase our return on capital further. But that's going to be a decision that we'll make as we go into next year. First, to make sure that we can fund our high-return programs; second, keep the strong balance sheet; third, increase the dividend. And then anything left over as we go out, not just next year but in the years ahead, and we deliver increasing levels of free cash flow. We expect share repurchases will represent a growing proportion of our capital return program in the years ahead.
Doug Leggate: So, John, just to be clear, you've got a debt maturity next year. How much is that?
John Rielly: It's actually in 2024, and it's $300 million, in 2024. And we do expect to...
Doug Leggate: 2024, got it.
John Rielly: Yes. Hey Doug, I just want to make sure what you said earlier because this year, we are actually returning more than our 75% in our framework. So just remember, our framework, we did our debt reduction of $500 million. And as John mentioned, our framework has the flexibility when oil prices are strong to do more than 75%. And that's what we are doing this year. As John mentioned, we'll complete the $310 million in the fourth quarter. So again, we have that flexibility to stay strong. And as John said, depending on market conditions, we'll do 75% or more, we'll see.
Doug Leggate: Thanks so much guys.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Stephen Richardson with Evercore. Please go ahead.
Stephen Richardson: Good morning. Thank goodness for easy to pronounce names. Could I was wondering if I could ask Greg, a couple on exploration. On one, it seems that you've got a success at Uaru and Banjo-1 sounds like it wasn't. Our recollection was that this was testing for the inboard oil play to the Southeast. Could you maybe talk about a little bit more to the extent that you're able in terms of those two? And what was confirmed and what wasn't? And what we should take away from that?
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So first of all, I would say the inboard oil play has been very successful because we've had four discoveries in the area. So recall, Barreleye had 230 feet of high-quality pay. Seabob had 131 feet of high-quality pay, as we announced this morning; Uaru had 75 feet of high-quality pay. And finally, Lukanani had 115 feet of high-quality pay. So all of those will help to underpin a future development. And even though Banjo was dry, it had noncommercial qualities of  quantities of hydrocarbons; it had hydrocarbons that went through it. We've got more wells to drill in that area. So if I step back and say four successes, one non-commercial and more to come, I still feel very optimistic about  I still feel very optimistic about the inboard play. And also, I think it's important to know that Banjo was the Western most prospect that we drilled in that inboard play as well.
Stephen Richardson: That's helpful. And maybe, Greg, I mean, this whole semantics around the 1 million barrels or the six boats or the 10 boats or whatever it may be, could you maybe  at what point should we be thinking that we get more clarity in terms of the length of plateau versus additional boats? Is this something that we're going to be  get some additional clarity on the next 12, 24 months? Or is this a longer event as we kind of see how the reservoirs react in production? But it seems to us thats the  as we think about recovering 11-plus billion barrels, those are kind of the two variables?
John Hess: Yes. Steve, I want Greg to answer that. But you have the clarity on what production is going to be. It grows a million barrels a day at least in 2027. I think thats really important. So people dont get confused by other releases. That is the number, and theres upside to that. Now, Greg can talk more about tiebacks and plateaus, but that million barrels a day is a very good number that people should use in terms of having clarity and visibility of the production growth trajectory.
Greg Hill: Okay. Great. So, I think the plateau rates or lengths, I should say, are going to vary by vessel. However, given the high resource density and the potential for near-field tiebacks. And thats in both the upper campaign and the deeper plays, because remember, the deep play underlies the shallow or upper campaign in reservoir. So, we expect to see these production plateaus main for a longer period than what would be typical for other deepwater development. So, Im pretty optimistic about the length of the plateaus. But again, each one will be bespoke based upon the reservoir density in and around each vessel.
Stephen Richardson: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Neil Mehta: Good morning team.
John Hess: Good morning.
Neil Mehta: Morning, John. First question is around the Bakken. Really good quarter for you guys here after some weather issues earlier this year. Can you just refresh us on how we should be thinking about the trajectory in the Bakken in 2023 and then as you get into 2024 as well?
Greg Hill: Sure. So, we guided $165 million to $170 million in the fourth quarter of this year. And that really reflects a couple of things. One is most of the wells are going to be completed at the back end of the quarter. We also looked at our historic kind of weather performance in the fourth quarter, and we increased our contingency a little bit in the fourth quarter to reflect that. If you think about where were headed in the Bakken with the four rigs, thats going to allow us to increase production to about 200,000 barrels a day in 2024. And with our extensive inventory of high-return wells, we expect to hold this plateau for nearly a decade and then generate significant free cash flow. And during that period of time, you can assume that the oil percentage of the wellhead is going to be broadly flat at around that 65%. So, you can almost end point this year and pretty much straight line to the end of 2024, assuming the end of 2024 would be 200,000, and that will give you a reasonable approximation of what the trajectory will be.
Neil Mehta: All right. Thats good color here. And then, John, if I could ask you to step back and talk about your view on the macro, you always have a good read on the oil markets. Just your perspective on where we are in terms of the rebalancing as you go into 2023? And how that feeds into your framework around hedging given the backwardation in the curve?
John Hess: Yes. Ill give some remarks on further detail on how we see the oil market, and John Rielly will talk about our hedging. Look, the impact of high interest rates, strong dollar, inflation obviously is being felt in the financial markets. You know better than anybody, from your perspective, its already being felt, not only in the financial markets and the pullback, but also in certain parts of the economy. But I have to say, even though weve seen a slowing of demand in China and in Europe overall, global oil demand continues to be pretty resilient. And were not seeing a major impact from inflation in the high dollar in oil demand itself. And in fact, as we look out to next year between China reopening its economy and continuing to increase overall global air travel, we see upside to current demand globally of 100 million barrels or going up a million barrels a day next year. I dont think if there is a pullback in the economy where it does affect oil demand, I dont think its going to be anywhere near what it was during the world financial crisis, which was upwards of two million barrels a day. But I think part of whats going on here, theres been a slow but steady increase in demand recovering from COVID, and we havent completed that recovery yet. And thats the major reason, oil demand. We think as you go into next year, well go up at least a million barrels a day from the 100 million a day right now. The risk, I think, is to the upside. Whats going to happen with Russia oil supply, whats going to happen with Russia gas supply? How do we get through the winter? I think  how cold is the winter? That if anything, could increase that million barrels a day that I just talked about. As you know, theres oil substitution for gas supply industrially, some residential, commercial, both in Europe and Asia, obviously, on the electricity side. How much that fuel substitution remains to be seen as well. So, we see the market if anything, having strengthening impact tailwinds going into the winter. And as such, Id say theres more upside to the price from where we are now than there is downside. But with that sort of as a backdrop, John, how about our hedging?
John Rielly: Sure. So with that backdrop, I mean, Neil, what we do is, we use put options for our hedging strategy. And with all the variables that John just mentioned and the time value here the volatility levels right now, putting on the puts would be too expensive. So, we do plan to get the similar level of hedge protection that we had this year. Now, we will continue to watch the market. Well try to get some on in the fourth quarter, but it could be early next year that we get these hedges on. So, you should expect us to get that  a similar hedge position on. It will just be a matter of timing when we do it. And again, just with put options.
John Hess: And again, to underline what John said, thats to protect the downside and still give our shareholders the benefit of the upside.
Neil Mehta: Makes a lot of sense. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yes. Good morning. Going to come back, I guess, a little bit on the CapEx, and I know youre hesitant to get any more than what youve had. But Im just a little curious as you look across the various regions you operate onshore, U.S., offshore, U.S. and Guyana, how much of  when you look out, you can say, is fairly well committed or contracted, signed where theres not a lot of risk of a surprise as we think about 23% on the CapEx front, the underlying inflation that were just kind of seeing everywhere?
Greg Hill: Yes. So on the inflation, like our competitors, were seeing upward pressure across both our onshore and offshore businesses and steel prices, labor costs, rig rates. So lets talk about the Bakken first. Regarding the Bakken, now what weve seen this year, the industry has seen overall inflation of 15% to 20% versus 2021. However, as you know, our teams have been able to reduce this to 8.5%. And weve done that through lean manufacturing, strategic contracting and technology, and thats enabled us to deliver that B and C cost of $6.3 million per well in 2022. So our net inflation has been about half of what the industry has seen in the Bakken, if you will. Now, if we look to 2023 in broad terms, were anticipating a further 15% to 20% inflation in oil country tubular goods, even though steel prices are moderating, the mills are still at capacity and demand is very strong. Were also expecting 15% to 20% potentially in drilling rigs and 5% to 10% inflation in frac spreads, frac sand and labor. So that kind of gives you an idea. Now of course, were working to mitigate some of these further increases, and well guide well cost in the Bakken in January 2023 as usual. And recall in Guyana, the first four FPSOs are contracted and have limited exposure to inflation, and I should add that operators have done an excellent job of offsetting any inflation in oil country tubular goods, et cetera, through the efficiency gains that theyve realized in Guyana. Now as already mentioned, the Uaru FPSO cost is going to reflect current market conditions as well as scope changes, and well give an update on Uaru once the project has been approved and sanctioned, but it will still be world-class, still have world-class breakevens.
Roger Read: Yes, its certainly something to watch down there. And the only other question I had is related to Guyana. Has there been any update, any change to the thoughts of gas development down there long term? I mean I know we have the pipeline to be onshore, but anything else as youve had these additional discoveries and as youre thinking about out to the 2027 period with six FPSOs?
Greg Hill: No. I think in the short term, its all about the gas pipeline to sure slipstream [indiscernible] off of Liza and supply onshore clean power plant that the government will build. Beyond that, very long term in terms of LNG or anything like thats way down the road. We are focused on optimizing the development plan to move those oily developments forward. And as John said, we have clear visibility to six, and the seventh is likely just around the corner. That will be an oily boat as well.
Roger Read: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Sankey Research. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Good morning, everyone. John Hess, while youre on the subject of oil markets, could you give an update and outlook for Libya, please? Thank you.
John Hess: Paul, thanks for the easy question. Look, Libya is still having political unrest, political divide between the east and the west. And there are some encouraging signs that theyre going to start coming together for the leadership of the country. But it would be premature for me to comment further on that. We are still hopeful that were going to be able to conclude our sale of our assets there to total and ConocoPhillips, but it needs a leadership approval from the government and thats a work in progress.
Paul Sankey: Understood. Another thing which is a little bit inside baseball, but maybe an opportunity for you to talk about a big theme is the asset retirement obligations that you had in the quarter. Is that a sort of a one and done payment that youre making in the Gulf of Mexico? Is there an outlook there for more of the same, or is that sort of putting an end to it? And could you comment on the overall attractiveness and position in the Gulf in Mexico and your plans there? We dont really talk too much about it. But obviously, were aware youve got a pretty good position. Thanks.
John Hess: So Ill start with the asset retirement obligations, then Ill hand it over to Greg for the Gulf. So the asset retirement obligations that we had that we took the charge on this quarter, it was basically for non-producing properties that we just updated our estimates on those wells that are being abandoned. And this is really kind of near-term wells that were going to be working on. So that yes, is more of a one time. Now overall, like weve got a lot of wells that will come to be abandoned, but over the long term, and the change in the estimate for all those wells, were not that much, but what happens from an accounting standpoint is when theyre producing, you increase the liability, increase the asset. So again, I would say you dont have to think about it more as a recurring type thing. This is kind of a one off for these non-producing properties that we have in the near term.
Greg Hill: Thanks. And Paul, let me talk about, kind of where were headed, in the Gulf. So, as you kind of intimated, the Gulf of Mexico remains in a really important cash engine and platform for growth for us. And so our objective is to sustain or grow production there through both tiebacks and hub class exploration opportunities. So weve been selectively rebuilding our Gulf of Mexico portfolio, as you know, in the last six years, and weve acquired more than 60 new lease blocks and have a really good balance of both types of opportunities. So I think a good planning assumption is that we would drill two wells per year for the next several years, and then if we kind of hone in on 2023, were still finalizing the program. But were seeing the potential next year for two tiebacks and one hub class exploration opportunity based upon the success of our Huron well this year. And also in most of these prospects that I talked about, our partners are Shell and Chevron. So were in with a very good partnership in the Gulf.
Paul Sankey: Got it. And Ill ask a leading question, has government policy made a difference to the way youve looked at the Gulf of Mexico? And Ill leave it there. Thanks.
Greg Hill: No, it hasnt.
Paul Sankey: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. Our next question, one moment. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Bob Brackett: Hey, good morning. Thanks for the color on the Uaru development and you mentioned 250,000 a day, Id seen third party reports at 275 [ph] a day. And it sort of begs the question, given that standard haul, how large could you get in terms of whats the capacity limit for an FPSO of that class?
Greg Hill: Oh, thanks, Bob. I think, the opportunity to kind of debottleneck is going to be bespoke. So its going to be vessel by vessel. Now, recall with debottleneck Phase 1, it went from 120 to 140. Based on the early production performance of Phase 2, it looks likely that we will probably have some debottleneck potential there. As these well  as these vessels come on, based upon the early production history, call it the first year or so, that is when youll decide, where your pinch points are and how much bottlenecking capability there is on each vessel. So its going to be bespoke and well just have to wait and see what that early production data shows.
Bob Brackett: And in terms of maximum capacity, any guess?
Greg Hill: Well, I think, 10% to 15% is kind of what would be typical, if you look at Phase 1 and maybe potentially Phase 2, 275, I dont know, I just dont know. Again, every vessel is going to be different and I think itd be premature to throughout numbers like that.
John Hess: Yes. And Bob, obviously, this is all subject to government approval. Were going to be putting our plan of development in and assuming something in the range conceptually of 250 a day is probably a good planning assumption, but again, its subject to government approval.
Bob Brackett: Very clear. Follow-up then, this has been your biggest year of sort of deeper Santonian exploration Guyana, any update on progress and learnings thoughts about the Santonian?
Greg Hill: Well, I think, the results speak for themselves. I mean, the deep is very promising. And I think we will continue. As I said in my opening remarks, we will continue to really understand, the deep potential with many of the wells that were going to be drilling in the fourth quarter. Fangtooth Southeast, for example, located eight miles Southeast of Fangtooth is going to spud. And then that, Fangtooth is a very high quality, very large reservoir system, and putting another well, eight miles Southeast of there will tell us a lot. So I am very optimistic about the deep.
John Hess: Yes. And there are a number of other prospects that we had a recent review on ones called Lancetfish, which is the East of Fangtooth. Then we have Fish-1 and Fish-2 that are reasonable distance to the West and Northwest of Fangtooth. So, theres a lot of prospectivity to come. As we get more success in finding these deeper horizons, our ability to correlate the seismic new prospects are lighting up. So theres a lot more upside that Gregs talking about that hopefully in the next six months well be able to give updates on.
Greg Hill: Yes. And Bob, just to remind you that, the Phase 1 is 62 miles Northwest of Liza-1, so that gives you an idea the extent of some of these deep reservoir systems, what we see. And then of course, Lancetfish is tuck close to Liza, its about three miles west of the Liza-1 well, and its targeting deep sands that underlie that Liza complex.
Bob Brackett: Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. All right. And our last question is from the line of Noel Parks with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Noel Parks: Hi, good morning.
John Hess: Morning.
Noel Parks: I was wondering at Banjo if you could just talk a bit about how the results there sort of maybe ripple through your analysis. It  thinking about maybe the seismic interpretation or if there is anything else you learned about beyond just the aerial extent of the resource there?
Greg Hill: No, look again, I think we already talked about the significance of Banjo. I think that the question is really about the inboard oil play. And recall, weve had four discoveries in this area, Barreleye, Seabob, Uaru, Lukanani, which all had significant amounts of oil pay. Banjo was the western most well, so in that area, it was a bit of an out step, if you will, from the fairway. Weve got a bunch more wells to drill in that area. So I dont think you should read anything negative into the Banjo result at all.
Noel Parks: Okay. fair enough. And I just wanted to turn to the Bakken for a minute, and just wondering if you had any updated thoughts on or experience with recompletions up there. If I recall, you had done some work going back to some of the oldest vintage wells were done sort of with the original much lighter completions out there. And so, and if you have been doing anything out there, what adventure, I guess, about what the returns might look like for that sort of work?
Greg Hill: Well, we have been doing a number of refracts and the results have been very good. And in some cases, the wells, the IP rates that were seeing are as good as some of the new wells. And thats not surprising because these were kind of vintage 001 completions. We have several hundred wells that we could refrac and we will fit them in our program as we go forward. One of the advantages of the refrac program is it allows you more continuity with a frac crew. So weve been sort of dovetailing some refracs into our program just to maintain continuity of a second frac crew. So youll see more of that activity next year. But so far so good. The results are good and the returns are very good because all the infrastructure are already there, the wells there, so.
Noel Parks: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Greg Hill: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question, please. Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler. Please go ahead. Oh, and Mr. Todd  remove himself. So thank you very much. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2022 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors sections of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. In case there are any audio issues, we also will be posting transcripts of each speaker's prepared remarks on www.hess.com following the presentation. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. Today, I will provide first some comments on the oil markets and then review our progress in executing our strategy. Greg Hill will then discuss our operations, and John Rielly will review our financial results. In the last month, recessionary fears that have affected the financial markets have also been weighing on the oil markets. The price for Brent crude oil has gone from a peak of $120 per barrel to a low of $95 per barrel to approximately $105 per barrel today. However, the physical oil market remains tight. For example, to buy a physical Brent cargo, crude buyers today have to pay a cash premium of at least several dollars per barrel. We are in unprecedented times for the financial markets and for the oil markets. In both markets, we have experienced a demand shock and a supply shock. The global economy shut down in 2020 and it is taken approximately 2 years to recover. In terms of global oil demand, there has been a V-shaped recovery due to various government financial stimulus programs and accommodative monetary policies. Global oil demand has returned to pre-COVID levels of approximately 100 million barrels per day. On the other hand, global oil supply has seen more of a U-shaped recovery. Global oil supply has been struggling to keep up with demand, predominantly as a result of more than 5 years of industry under investment. As a consequence, we have seen 7 consecutive quarters of draws on global oil inventories so much so that global oil inventories today are approximately 400 million barrels less than pre-COVID levels. As we look to the second half of the year, we expect global oil demand to increase by 1 million to 1.5 million barrels per day as a result of China's economy reopening after COVID lockdowns and increasing air travel. In terms of global oil supply, while shale producers have enabled the U.S. to grow oil production by approximately 1 million barrels per day over the year -- in the last year, there is very little spare capacity left in the world. With demand growing, supply lagging and the potential for further sanctions on Russian oil exports, we expect a tight global oil market to get even tighter over the balance of the year. In a world that needs reliable, low-cost oil and gas resources now and for decades to come, Hess is in a very strong position offering a highly differentiated value proposition for investors. Our strategy is to continue delivering high resource growth, a low cost of supply and industry-leading cash flow growth while at the same time, maintaining our industry leadership in environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure. Our successful execution of this strategy has uniquely positioned our company to deliver value to shareholders now and for years to come, both by growing intrinsic value and by growing cash returns. By investing only in high-return low-cost opportunities, the best rocks for the best returns, we have built a balanced portfolio focused on Guyana, the Bakken, deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia with multiple phases of low-cost oil developments coming online in Guyana and our robust inventory of high-return drilling locations in the Bakken, we can deliver highly profitable production growth of more than 10% annually over the next 5 years. Through the continued development of our high-quality resource base, we are steadily moving down the cost curve. Our 4 sanctioned oil developments in Guyana have a breakeven Brent oil price of between $25 and $35 per barrel. In terms of cash flow growth, we have an industry-leading rate of change and industry-leading durability story. Based upon a flat Brent oil price of $65 per barrel, our cash flow is forecast to increase by approximately 25% annually between 2021 and 2026, more than twice as fast as our top line growth. Our balance sheet will also continue to strengthen in the coming years, with debt-to-EBITDAX expected to decline from less than 2x in 2022 to under 1 time in 2024. As our portfolio becomes increasingly free cash flow positive in the coming years, we are committed to returning up to 75% of our annual free cash flow to shareholders with the remainder going to strengthen the balance sheet by increasing our cash position or further reducing our debt. Given our strong cash flow growth, we commenced a share repurchase program during the second quarter, repurchasing approximately 1.8 million shares of common stock for $190 million under our existing $650 million board authorization and we intend to opportunistically repurchase the remaining amount by year-end. Looking ahead, we plan to continue increasing our regular dividend to a level that is attractive to income-oriented investors, but sustainable in a low oil price environment. As our free cash flow generation steadily increases, share repurchases will represent a growing proportion of our return of capital. Key to our strategy is Guyana, the industry's largest oil province discovered in the last decade. On the Stabroek Block in Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator, we continue to see the potential for at least 6 floating production storage and offloading vessels, or FPSOs, in 2027 with a gross production capacity of more than 1 million barrels of oil per day and up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources on the block. In terms of our sanctioned oil developments, production at the Liza Phase 1 development has reached its new production capacity of more than 140,000 gross barrels of oil per day in the second quarter following production optimization work on Liza Destiny FPSO. The Liza Phase 2 development, which achieved first oil in February, reached its gross production capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day earlier this month. Our third development on the Stabroek Block at the Payara field with a gross production capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day is on track for start-up in late 2023. In early April, we announced a sanction of Yellowtail, which will be the largest development to date on the Stabroek Block. The project will develop an estimated recoverable resource base of approximately 925 million barrels of oil and have a gross production capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day with first oil expected in 2025. Front-end engineering and design work for our fifth development in Uaru Meco is underway with a plan of development expected to be submitted to the government by year-end. In terms of exploration and appraisal in Guyana, we continue to invest in an active program with approximately 12 wells planned for the Stabroek Block in 2022. Yesterday, we announced 2 new discoveries on the block at the Seabob 1 and Kiru-Kiru 1 wells, bringing our total this year to 7. These discoveries will add to the previously announced gross recoverable resource estimate for the Stabroek Block of approximately 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent and we continue to see multibillion barrels of future exploration potential remaining. Now turning to the Bakken, our largest operated asset, we have an industry-leading position with approximately 460,000 net acres in the core of the play. Severe weather in April and May caused widespread power outages lasting 4 to 6 weeks and production shut-ins throughout North Dakota. Production recovery efforts took longer than expected for our company and the industry. Our Bakken operations are now recovering with approximately 50 new wells planned to be brought online in the second half of the year versus 32 in the first half. Given the strength of the oil market and the world's need for more oil supply, we added a fourth rig earlier this month, which will allow us to achieve net production of approximately 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2024, a level which will maximize free cash flow generation, lower our unit cash cost and optimize our infrastructure. As we continue to execute our strategy, we are dedicated to maintaining our industry leadership in environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure. On Monday, we announced publication of our 25th Annual Sustainability Report, demonstrating our long-standing commitment to sustainability and transparency. We continue to be recognized as an industry leader for the quality of our ESG performance and disclosure. In May, Hess was named to the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list for the 15th consecutive year based on an independent assessment by ISS ESG, and we were the only energy company to earn a place on the 2022 list. Social responsibility is a fundamental part of our sustainability commitment. Earlier this month, we announced a multiyear national health care initiative with the government of Guyana and the Mount Sinai Health System to provide access to affordable and high-quality health care which is central to the government's vision for long-term shared prosperity for the people of Guyana. In summary, we continue to successfully execute our strategy to deliver industry-leading cash flow growth and financial returns to our shareholders, while safely and responsibly producing oil and gas to help meet the world's growing energy needs. We increased our regular quarterly dividend by 50% in March and during the second quarter, commenced a share repurchase program, reflecting the financial strength of our business and our commitments to shareholders. As our portfolio becomes increasingly free cash flow positive, we will continue both to invest to grow our company's intrinsic value and to increase the return of capital to our shareholders through further dividend increases and share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. Although in the second quarter, we experienced continued weather impacts in the Bakken and a ramp up of Liza Phase 2 that was modestly slower than expected. Net production was up 10% from the first quarter and we anticipate company-wide net production to continue to build in the second half of the year as we bring more wells online in the Bakken, and Liza Phase 2 operates at nameplate capacity. In the second quarter, company-wide net production averaged 303,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. In the third quarter, we expect company-wide net production to increase by approximately 10% from the second quarter and to average between 330,000 and 335,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. In the fourth quarter, company-wide net production is expected to further increase to between 365,000 and 370,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. For the full year 2022, we now forecast net production to average approximately 320,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Turning to the Bakken. Second quarter net production averaged 140,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This was in line with our guidance and reflected the impact of severe weather in April and May. Production is now recovering and is expected to increase to between 155,000 and 160,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter. For the fourth quarter, we forecast net production to further increase to between 160,000 and 165,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full year 2022, we now forecast Bakken net production to average between 150,000 and 155,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This reflects a volume reduction of approximately 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day under our percentage of proceeds contracts as a result of higher NGL prices. Although NGL volume entitlements are lower, overall cash flow is substantially higher. In terms of drilling and completion costs, we are continuing to see upward pressure across our supply chains, particularly in oil country tubular goods. As a result, we have increased our full year average drilling and completion cost forecast by $100,000 per well to average $6.3 million per well in 2022. I am proud of our team's effectiveness in mitigating the impacts of inflation, tight supply chains largely through our distinctive lean culture. While we believe the industry is experiencing overall inflation of between 15% and 20%, our full year drilling and completion costs are forecast to increase by only about 8.5% year-over-year. In the second quarter, we drilled 20 wells and brought 19 new wells online. In the third quarter, we expect to drill approximately 25 wells and to bring approximately 20 new wells online. And for the full year 2022, we now expect to drill approximately 95 wells and to bring between 80 and 85 new wells online, which is slightly lower than previous guidance due to the second quarter weather-related delays in mobilizing equipment. Individual well results in terms of EURs and IP180s continue to meet or exceed expectations. Earlier this month, we added a fourth drilling rig in the Bakken. Through our strategic partnerships with Nabors and Halliburton we were able to secure a fully staffed, high spec class rig and a second completion crew. Moving to a 4-rig program will allow us to grow net production to approximately 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2024, which will optimize our in-basin infrastructure and drive further reductions in our unit cash costs. Now moving to the offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, second quarter net production averaged 29,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to our guidance of approximately 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the third quarter, we forecast Gulf of Mexico net production to average between 25,000 and 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day reflecting planned downtime at Tubular Bells and a Penn State Well being shut in due to a mechanical issue. This downtime will be partially offset by the planned start-up of the Lano 6 tieback in August, which logged 123 feet of high-quality Miocene pay. For the full year 2022, our forecast for Gulf of Mexico net production is now approximately 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In June, we completed drilling operations on the Huron prospect on Green Canyon Block 69 with encouraging results. Hess is the operator with a 40% working interest and Chevron and Shell each have 30%. The well encountered high-quality oil-bearing Miocene age reservoirs and established the existence of a working petroleum system. Well results are still being evaluated and an appraisal sidetrack is planned. In Southeast Asia, net production in the second quarter was 67,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to our guidance of approximately 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Phase 3 of the North Malay Basin development came online in June and is producing above expectations, and Phase 4 is on track to achieve first gas in early 2023. Third quarter net production is forecast to average approximately 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance at both JDA and North Malay Basin. Full year 2022 production is expected to average between 60,000 and 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now turning to Guyana. In the second quarter, net production averaged 67,000 barrels of oil per day, reflecting a modest delay in the ramp-up of Liza Phase 2. Overall, the start-up has been very successful. In July, Liza Phase 2 reached its nameplate capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day or about 56,000 barrels of oil per day net to Hess. For Liza Phase 1 production optimization work was completed in the second quarter, and the FPSO is now operating at or above its new gross production capacity of 140,000 barrels of oil per day. Earlier this month, SBM Offshore also completed the replacement of the flash gas compressor, which has resulted in high reliability and 0 routine flaring. Third quarter net production from Guyana is forecast to increase to a range of 90,000 to 95,000 barrels of oil per day and average approximately 75,000 barrels of oil per day for the full year 2022. With regard to our third development of Payara, topside fabrication and installation on the Prosperity FPSO is well underway in Singapore and development drilling in Guyana continues at pace. The project, which will have a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day is now more than 80% complete and is well on track to achieve first oil in late 2023. In April, we sanctioned a fourth development at the Yellowtail, which will develop approximately 925 million barrels of oil and have a breakeven Brent oil price of approximately $29 per barrel. The project will have a gross production capacity of 250,000 barrels of oil per day and is on track to achieve first oil in 2025. As for our fifth development at Uaru Meco, the operator anticipates submitting the plan of development to the government of Guyana in the fourth quarter with first oil targeted for 2026, pending government approvals and project sanctioning. Turning to exploration. Yesterday, we announced 2 new discoveries on the Stabroek Block. The Seabob-1 well encountered 131 feet of high-quality oil-bearing upper campaign sandstone reservoirs. The well is located in the southeastern part of the block, approximately 12 miles southeast of the Yellowtail field. The Kiru-Kiru-1 well has also thus far encountered 98 feet of high-quality hydrocarbon-bearing upper campanion sandstone reservoirs. The well is currently drilling ahead to test deeper intervals and is located in the southeastern part of the block, approximately 3 miles southeast of the Cataback-1 discovery, both discoveries will add to the gross discovered recoverable resource estimate for the block of approximately 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent. In terms of future drilling activity on the Stabroek Block, next up in the queue are Yarrow and Banjo. The Yarrow-1 well will test stacked Upper Campanian targets, up-dip of discoveries at Whiptail and Tilapia. The well is located 19 miles south of the Yellowtail 1 discovery well. The Banjo-1 well will also target stacked Upper Campanian targets west of Barreleye and up-dip of Mako. The well is located 8 miles northwest of the Barreleye-1 discovery well. These wells will appraise the development potential of the inboard oil play in the southeast portion of the block. In addition, on Block 42 in Suriname, we will participate in the Zanderij-1 exploration well. The Shell operated well is expected to spud in late August and will test both Upper Campanian and deeper play stacked targets. Hess, Chevron and Shell each have a one third working interest. In closing, our Bakken assets are now recovering from the severe weather impacts experienced in the first half of the year and we expect to see steady production growth in the coming quarters, particularly with the addition of the fourth rig. We had positive drilling results in the Gulf of Mexico at both Llano 6 and Huron and have a robust inventory of both infrastructure led tie back opportunities and exploration prospects. Malaysia continues to generate steady production and cash flow, and our extraordinary success in Guyana continues on all fronts. Our distinctive, long-lived portfolio uniquely positions us to deliver material and accelerating production and free cash flow growth and significant value to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the second quarter of 2022 to the first quarter of 2022. We had net income of $667 million in the second quarter compared with $417 million in the first quarter or $404 million on an adjusted basis. Turning to E&P. E&P had net income of $723 million in the second quarter compared with $460 million in the first quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of E&P earnings between the second quarter and first quarter of 2022 were as follows: Higher realized selling prices increased earnings by $178 million; Higher sales volumes increased earnings by $170 million; Higher DD&A expense decreased earnings by $39 million; Higher cash costs decreased earnings by $39 million; All other items decreased earnings by $7 million for an overall increase in second quarter earnings of $263 million. For the second quarter, our E&P sales volumes were underlifted compared with production by approximately 500,000 barrels, which decreased our after-tax income by approximately $15 million. Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $65 million in the second quarter of 2022 compared with $72 million in the first quarter. Midstream EBITDA, before noncontrolling interest was $241 million in both the second quarter and first quarter of 2022. Turning to our financial position. At quarter end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $2.16 billion, and total liquidity was $5.73 billion, including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $5.61 billion. In April, we received total net proceeds of $346 million from the public offering of approximately 5.1 million Hess owned Class A shares of Hess Midstream and the sale of approximately 6.8 million Hess owned Class B units to Hess Midstream. In the second quarter, we commenced common stock share repurchases with the purchase of approximately 1.8 million shares for $190 million under our existing $650 million board-authorized stock repurchase program. We intend to utilize the remaining amount under the stock repurchase program by the end of this year. Total cash returned to shareholders in the second quarter amounted to $306 million, including dividends. Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $1.46 billion in the second quarter compared with $952 million in the first quarter primarily due to higher realized selling prices and sales volumes. In the second quarter, we sold 61 million-barrel cargoes of crude oil in Guyana, up from sales of 2.3 million barrels of crude oil in the first quarter. Changes in operating assets and liabilities during the second quarter of 2022, increased cash flow from operating activities by $46 million. E&P capital and exploratory expenditures were $622 million in the second quarter and $580 million in the first quarter. In June, Moody's Investors Service upgraded the senior unsecured ratings of Hess Corporation to BAA3 from BA1. All 3 major credit rating agencies now rate Hess as investment grade. In July, we replaced our $3.5 billion revolving credit facility expiring in May 2024 with a new $3.25 billion revolving credit facility expiring in July 2027. Now turning to guidance. First, for E&P. Beginning in the third quarter, we will use the remainder of the previously generated Guyana net operating loss carryforwards. As a result, we will start to incur a current income tax liability. Our third quarter Guyana net production guidance of 90,000 to 95,000 barrels of oil per day includes approximately 7,000 barrels of oil per day of tax barrels. Our full year 2022 Guyana net production guidance of approximately 75,000 barrels of oil per day includes approximately 6,000 barrels of oil per day of tax barrels. There were no tax barrels in the first or second quarters. In both the third quarter and fourth quarter of this year, we expect to sell 81 million-barrel liftings from Guyana. Our E&P cash costs in the second quarter of 2022 were $13.90 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya, and $14.56 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya. We project E&P cash costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $14 to $14.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and in the range of $13.50 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year, which is unchanged from previous guidance. DD&A expense was $11.79 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya, and $12.34 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya, in the second quarter. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $13 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and $12.50 to $13 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year, which is updated from the prior guidance of $11.50 to $12.50 per barrel of oil equivalent. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $27 to $28 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and $26 to $27 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year 2022. Exploration expenses excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million in the third quarter and in the range of $160 million to $170 million for the full year, which is down from our previous guidance of $170 million to $180 million. The midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $305 million to $315 million for the third quarter and full year guidance of $1.190 billion to $1.215 billion remains unchanged. E&P income tax, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $170 million to $180 million for the third quarter and in the range of $540 million to $550 million for the full year, which is up from the previous guidance range of $460 million to $470 million, primarily due to higher commodity prices. We expect noncash option premium amortization, which will be reflected in our realized selling prices, will be approximately $165 million for both the third and fourth quarters. Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $750 million in the third quarter and approximately $2.7 billion for the full year, which is down from previous guidance of $2.8 billion that I referenced in our last conference call. The reduction is due to the phasing of activities in the Bakken and efficiencies across the portfolio. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $60 million to $65 million for the third quarter. The full year guidance range of $265 million to $275 million remains unchanged. For corporate, corporate expenses are estimated to be approximately $40 million for the third quarter and in the range of $135 million to $145 million for the full year, which is up from previous guidance of $120 million to $130 million due to higher legal and professional fees. Interest expense is estimated to be approximately $85 million for the third quarter and in the range of $345 million to $350 million for the full year, which is in the lower end of our previous guidance range. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: John, I wanted to start with cash return. This quarter, you returned about 20% of your CFO, including dividends and the buyback and you acknowledge your plan to go ahead and complete the remaining authorization, which would point to about $460 million of buybacks plus the dividend. I'm wondering as we think about your capital return framework, which includes the return of up to 75% of your free cash flow, how should we think about the pace of buybacks as we approach 2023?
John Hess: Yes, John Reilly.
John Rielly: Yes. Thanks, Arun. So just to remind you what our -- the capital return framework is our framework is set up on an annual basis. So we look at our annual free cash flow and we are planning to return -- and we are committed to return up to 75% of that free cash flow. And that free cash flow is reduced for debt reductions, which we did have that $500 million in the first quarter. So as we said, with our $650 million authorized in the $190 million done in the second quarter, you can expect the remainder to be done throughout the rest of this year, and it's actually going to be above the 75% framework because of where commodity prices are, our discussions with the Board, our favorable balance sheet position. And look with Guyana ramping up and Bakken ramping up our free cash flow is improving, as you see from our second quarter results, so that we can give more than 75% this year with this favorable commodity price environment. And so then coming to 2023, you really should think about, look, we just are starting capital return program. This is just the beginning, and we plan to continue it. So as we move into 2023, we are committed to that 75% framework. Again, if commodity prices are favorable, we can do more than that next year. But you should begin to think this is going to be a continued program. And just remember now with Bakken, as we said, that's going to 200,000 barrels a day. Guyana is going to be bringing on an FPSO almost once a year here for the coming years. So we're going to have a growing free cash flow. So that 5% is going to be going on a bigger and bigger number as we move out. So I think that's the strategic framework you should be thinking about.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And maybe John Riley, a follow-up for you. $2.7 billion in CapEx update, a little bit lower than you told us last quarter. I was wondering if you could just provide us maybe some soft commentary around 2023 CapEx if you sustain 4 rigs in the Bakken and continue your E&D program in Guyana.
John Rielly: Go ahead, John. Thank you for the soft guidance, Arun, because that's what we'll do. As usual, we'll provide the full guidance in January because we do have some moving parts like you said. But with the fourth rig in the Bakken and look, we did have some phasing of activities that are moving into 2023 you can at least expect an additional $150 million plus from the Bakken. And this is before inflation, which I'll talk about a little bit at the end. So the Bakken will be increasing with that fourth rig, some of the phasing as well. So you can think about that $150 million. In Guyana, as you know, we've got a lot of things going on. So I did say this in the first quarter, there's clearly going to be about 700 -- several hundred million more in Guyana because we'd be developing Payara, right? We're bringing that on in late 2023. We've got to develop with Yellowtail, the fifth FPSO, which Greg mentioned, Uaru and Meco, and we also have the gas to energy project going on in Guyana. So again, several hundred million more for Guyana, but we'll fine-tune that as we go through the year. Also, as you heard Greg mention, we had success at Huron well in the Gulf of Mexico. We'll be looking at what we're doing from an appraisal standpoint and what our Gulf of Mexico program, which typically, as we had mentioned, like to get some of these infrastructure-led tiebacks done as well as a greenfield. So we'll be having some increase in Gulf of Mexico for 2023. And then I mentioned it, of course, we're monitoring the industry inflation. We are seeing it. Greg mentioned what's happening with our D&C cost in Bakken. We are seeing it in rig rates, labor, steel costs. So we'll continue to be looking at that and we'll fine-tune it as we get to the end of the year. But kind of soft, those are the kind of numbers you can be looking at, Arun.
Arun Jayaram: And what about the FPSO? Have you all made a determination with Exxon on buying those on your buy option?
John Rielly: No. That has not been finally determined yet, Arun, on the timing. The guidance I would give you right now is not to expect just in 2023. So if you're putting in your models, you don't pull 1 in 2023. I would expect 1 in early 2024. But again, it's still early days. We do not have that finalized yet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: I guess, could I go first to the Bakken on -- obviously, you've given a fairly thorough explanation as to what's been going on there with weather and power outages and so on. But I want to ask about any thoughts on the trajectory to 200,000 barrels a day. Is there any reason why we should be rethinking the time line of that? Are you still confident in that? And what is your updated thoughts on the trajectory together?
John Hess: Yes, Greg.
Greg Hill: No, Doug. I think we're back on track in the Bakken. We're back on that trajectory. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, we expect the third quarter to be up 10%. The fourth quarter to be up 10% from that. And then you really see the fourth rig start to kick in because you'll start completing wells for from that fourth rig in 2023. So that's why we're saying we'll have the steady increase trajectory to 200,000 barrels a day, which we expect to hit in 2024. So it should be a smooth ramp from here.
Doug Leggate: Okay. Greg, I just wanted to kind of address that upfront. My follow-up, I'll leave everyone else to ask on Guyana today. Greg, I want to ask you about Huron. This is perhaps a little bit more material news and perhaps your short comments might suggest. Can you give us a little bit more color on pre-drill scale? And if you're sidetracking, 1 assumes that you're pretty encouraged with what you're seeing. So what was the predrill target here? And what is this -- you've talked about 1 potential hub development exploration well per year going forward. Does this qualify as a potential hub development?
Greg Hill: Well, let me talk about -- yes, let me talk about the well first. So it was drilled on Green Canyon Block 69 to a depth of 28,900 feet and the rig was released on June 14, 2022. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the prospect targeted a new Miocene sub-salt fairway in Northern Green Canyon. Reason we're really encouraged by the results that we discovered good, high-quality oil in good quality Miocene sands. And we -- as I did mention, we're also planning an appraisal sidetrack up dip on that well. I think the second thing that's really exciting about it is a result of -- as a result of what we're seeing in Huron, we see additional prospectivity in that Northern Green Canyon area, and we have a very competitive leasehold position there. So 2 positive outcomes from Huron. Doug, we don't release predrill estimates, and the well is still under evaluation. So further information coming as we appraise that asset.
John Hess: I would just add to that. I mean we're encouraged by the prospectivity in this area. The fact that there's a working petroleum system. So there's going to be further drilling and appraisal ahead of us, and we're encouraged by it.
Doug Leggate: If I may very quickly, Greg, you say you're going to do an updip appraisal. Did you have an oil -- water contact?
Greg Hill: Well, still under evaluation, Doug.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: First 1 is for John Rielly. John, with the rising fear on recession, how does it or does it have all impact on the thinking or in your decision process -- in you guys' decision ports and on the budget?
John Hess: John?
John Rielly: Sure. So that's one of the things I mentioned why, as Arun said, soft guidance and what our budget would be for next year. We are looking at that -- obviously, it's -- there's no change to our base program in the Bakken. We're going to have the 4 rigs. We're doing that. We want to optimize our infrastructure up there, lower our cash cost, and it's the best return way to develop the Bakken. So there won't be any change there. And so we'll continue to monitor the cost and update everyone on where the budget ends up with that. So on a go-forward basis, then Guyana, again, the plan is there unchanged. Obviously, just a phenomenal province for us for oil development, the returns there are excellent, and we will be trying to bring forward as much as we can to get this oil for the country of Guyana on as early as possible. So again, Payara, Yellowtail, getting the fifth ship in for FID, try to get the development plan into the government. So no change there. Again, with Exxon, has been doing an excellent job managing the cost there. But we are susceptible to that cost inflation that everybody else is seeing. So we'll update again where that number comes. But as I said, we have about $1 billion this year in our plan in our original budget, and we're not changing that in Guyana. So again, Exxon has done a really good job this year managing that inflation. And as I said, it will be several hundred million dollars more, but again, we'll see where the inflation ends up. And then kind of the new thing because we were just talking about a Gulf of Mexico and our program, we are looking at the rig rates and being able to get slots. So that's something, again, that we will be looking at managing, but we do want to do this appraisal that we talked about, and we'd like to do some of our infrastructure-led tiebacks. So -- again, those are extremely good returns even if the cost inflation is a little bit higher. So I think you can take that again as our soft guidance on what we're doing, and we keep practicing our lean culture and trying to get it as much as possible working with our strategic -- So again, Exxon has done a really good job this year managing that inflation. And as I said, it will be several hundred million dollars more. But again, we'll see where the inflation ends up. And then kind of the new thing because we were just talking about Gulf of Mexico and our program, we are looking at the rig rates and being able to get slots. So that's something, again, that we will be looking at.
John Hess: Yes. And 1 other point, Paul. So -- and it's a great question. I think all companies are dealing with this recession risk, even though there's an economic slowdown now. We certainly see the market getting tighter for the reasons that I mentioned between now and the end of the year. Having said that, our Board will definitely stress test our budget for next year. Definitely, there will be a recession scenario in that, and we'll definitely be prepared should there be a recession to stay ahead of it to keep the balance sheet strong so we can still invest in our high-return opportunity in Guyana, and we'll also take steps as we normally do as we get to the end of the year to make sure we have some price protection on in terms of puts on the downside. So we'll be prepared in case a recession occurs. It's certainly going to be one of the scenarios that the Board has with our senior leadership to make sure we're financially disciplined going into next year.
Paul Cheng: Great. And going back to John Rielly, you mentioned some activity has been pushed from this year to next year. Can you quantify roughly how much?
John Rielly: Sure. So as Greg mentioned, right now with wells online, we're a little bit down. I would say wells online. We're only in, like, say, 5 range of wells online that are going to be moving to next year. Some of the wells drilled. So as Greg mentioned, there were 95 wells, that's actually up from our original guidance of 90, but that didn't include the fourth rig. So the fourth -- we should have gotten an additional, say, 14 to 15 wells drilled. And so we're only getting 5. So we've got additional wells that are moving that way. So you're looking at 9 or 10 wells to be drilled that are moving to next year, 5-ish kind of wells online moving to next year and just some other small infrastructure type things. So altogether, you're probably looking in that $40 million type range that got moved to next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: We'd like to follow up on the Gulf of Mexico from Doug's questions. There's been some headlines that some of your partners there are looking to monetize their interest in 1 of your fields. And it sounds like you're very positive on the goal for the near term. I know you just mentioned increasing activity in '23 and your side tracking well. Can you generally discuss what your medium-term plan is in terms of activity in the Gulf? And then our follow-up is what's your appetite to grow your position there?
John Hess: Yes, Greg, Wai, we appreciate it if you just go over our strategy. The role of the Gulf in our portfolio, the exploration acreage that we have. And I can comment on M&A side, Jeanine, in the normal course of business, we always look to optimize our portfolio, but we have not seen anything in the market, be it in the Gulf for or elsewhere that makes sense for us to do an acquisition. We have better opportunities to invest in our portfolio of high return and low cost investments. So we're much more focused on getting return from the inventory of investment opportunities that we have then looking to the outside. We don't need M&A to grow the returns of our business and quite frankly, most of the stuff that we've seen would erode returns. We're going to do that. We're going to stay financially disciplined. But Greg, can you talk about the role of the Gulf in our portfolio.
Greg Hill: Sure. Thanks, Jeanine. So the Gulf of Mexico for us, remains a very important part of the portfolio. It's an important cash engine, and it's a platform for growth for us. So -- our objective in the Gulf is to add a minimum sustained production cash flow through tieback opportunities and also selectively pursuing hub class exploration opportunities. If we can grow it, we want to. And as you recall, we've been selectively rebuilding our portfolio in the last 5 or 6 years, such that we acquired 60 new lease blocks in the Gulf we've got over 80 now in our portfolio, and that's really a balance of high-return tiebacks and also hub class new exploration prospects. So assuming those opportunities compete for capital, a good planning assumption for us going forward is that we would drill roughly 2 wells per year for the next several years that, again, is focused on both those tiebacks and new hub class opportunities with Huron being the first out of the gate, again, very encouraging results. And Huron, particularly for that Northern Green Canyon basin where we have a very competitive leasehold there. So we're pretty excited about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Maybe just a couple of quick follow-ups on other questions. On the Gulf of Mexico, as you were talking about medium-term strategy, if you were to -- I know this varies on a lot of things, but if you were to do that plan a couple of wells a year, is the general outlook that you'd probably hold production flat there over the medium term in the Gulf of Mexico that you could drive modest growth? Or how do you think about as you look out over the next few years, the trajectory of production there in the Gulf of Mexico?
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Sure. I think for the next couple of years, you could assume our objective is really to hold it flat and we'll do that through these infills and ILX, infrastructure-led exploration wells that are quick tiebacks. Beyond that, we're also going to be doing some hub class exploration prospects, obviously those wouldn't feature those wouldn't come in as growth until later in that period. So short term, hold it flat as a minimum longer-term grow it, assuming success from some of these sub-class exploration prospects.
Ryan Todd: Perfect. And then maybe a follow-up on an earlier comment. You talked a little bit about the dividend, the desire to grow it to a position of competitiveness. How would you define -- I mean, you've obviously increased it materially earlier this year, but how would you define a competitive dividend? What peer group are you looking at? And any thoughts on kind of the timetable of over which you'd like to grow that dividend to kind of a sustainable level where you'd like it to be?
John Hess: Yes. I'm going to have John answer it, but I think the way to think about it is a sustainable and meaningful premium to the S&P dividend yield. That's what we're really looking at. We want to compete for the generalist investor, not just the oil and gas investor, but we want it to be something that also holds up under low oil prices. But John, why don't you elaborate a little bit what our plans are.
John Rielly: Sure. So I mean John did give a good explanation on that, but that's clearly what we're looking to do, continual increases here. And John did mention it that we'd like to get our dividend to a level that is attractive to the income-oriented investors. So I think yield is an output, but you can think about the yield that the income-oriented investors are looking at. So with our ability here, again, as I mentioned, Bakken growing to 200,000 barrels a day and then Guyana, Payara coming in late 2023 and then almost an FPSO a year here as we move out the next couple of years, we're going to have a significant free cash flow that we're able to continue to increase the dividend and we can kind of move that dividend as our cash flow grows. But actually, the bigger part of our return will be share repurchases because that growing free cash flow when you put that 75% against that as we will grow that dividend, we want to make it sustainable in a low oil price environment, but the bigger portion ultimately will be share repurchases.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: I had a couple of questions on the macro. And the first is around price realizations, they were good in the quarter. And John, you had made the comment that what we see in the financial markets, it might be lower than what you're realizing in the physical market. So can you just talk about that divergence and whether you're able to realize something higher than the front price?
John Hess: Yes. I mean obviously, this changes, as you know, Neil, it's a great question, every day. But what we've been seeing really for the last 2 months is buyers for physical Brent or physical Brent equivalents is several dollars a barrel premium over the screen or the futures market. There's strong buying that's out there. Obviously, not just because the world is short inventory and needs the current barrels. But obviously, what's going on in Russia and Europe, has tightened the market even more, which you're seeing more in the Brent price than you are in the WTI price on the screen. But several dollars a barrel, I think, is a good planning assumption for now. And we'll just have to see how the market evolves between now and the end of the year. One of the concerns we have is obviously, if more barrels are taken out of Russia. I think Russia is down in terms of their exports about 1 million barrels a day. If that number grows and the EU is talking about sanctioning more of those barrels, I think that physical premium will go up.
Neil Mehta: And the follow-up is on natural gas. And so we do love your perspective on how you're thinking about U.S. natural gas, in particular -- and if anything structurally changed in your view of mid-cycle? And then as it relates to your hedging position, remind us how open you are over the next couple of years? And can you participate in the strengthening commodity curve.
John Hess: Yes, I'll have John handle the hedging. And natural gas, obviously, is being impacted specifically in Europe, and the LNG trading business because Europe buys about 40% of their supply from Russia. Obviously, that continues to be interrupted. Very concerns about its availability going into the winter, you're also starting to see the EU and European countries start to ration gas, and that's having an impact on the European price, the Asian price because of the LNG factor. And I think the U.S. has been relatively insulated from that because of shale gas and domestic production as well as the Freeport terminal, having had its problems and when that recovers. So I think the numbers for natural gas in Europe are somewhere between $50 and $60 an Mcf, where in the U.S., it's closer to 9%. So the U.S. is still up but it's much lower than the rest of the world, in part because we're energy-independent. We're a net exporter. So I think as you think about natural gas going into the winter, thats going to stay very tight both in the U.S. and even more so in Europe and Asia. When you look past that, I think a lot of that is a function of when does the Russian-Ukraine conflict get resolved, got willing sooner than later, where lives are saved on both sides for that matter. And then I think the natural gas business will start to normalize. There's plenty of natural gas out there, but it has to be falling for inventories to rebuild so that you get more back to equilibrium prices. But we see the natural gas market, both in the U.S. and the rest of the world, staying tight, certainly through this coming winter. John, do you want to hit the hedging question?
John Rielly: Sure. So for hedges for next year, we do not have any hedges on in 2023 or beyond at this point. Now, you know our strategy, and you should assume that we'll continue with that strategy is to put a floor price on. So as we get to the end of the year, we'll use puts, obviously, where volatility is, that from everything that John has been discussing on this call and also just the time aspect of the put options. We'll be putting them on closer to the end of the year or early into next year. That's typically the time frame that we do that. But we do want to put a floor on. You can expect us to do that again next year and years after to just again to provide that insurance, should prices -- should there be a change? Should there be a recession or something happening that drops those prices, but we'll do that towards the end of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Maybe just follow up on some of the last discoveries here in Guyana and some of the stuff before. Where are you in terms of drill stem tests, flow rate tests, things like that as we try to think about some of the things that will eventually raise -- more than likely raise the 11 billion-barrel resource target that's out there.
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes. So as we said, these 2 discoveries, Seabob and Kiru-Kiru, which are still underway, so those will be additive to the already announced 11 billion barrels gross recoverable hydrocarbons. I think the significant part about these discoveries is why they're so encouraging is that if you look at Seabob, that is leading to a potential inboard oil play in the southeastern part of the Stabroek Block. And in fact, as we look forward, the next 2 wells, Yarrow and Banjo will help further delineate that inboard oil opportunities. So there could be another oil FPSO centered on that inboard oil play. So as you mentioned, after we get these wells done, we'll do some DSPs, et cetera, on them really trying to prove up really that inboard oil play. So very, very exciting.
Roger Read: Yes. So Guyana has been that way for several years now. It's good to see it keep you on. The other question, if I could, just kind of going back to the inflation question. As you're starting to look and understand all the things that are out there, recession, et cetera. But let's assume the crude strip is right. We're going to continue to see activity and probably some inflation next year. Where are you at this point in terms of getting a good handle on what 2023 underlying inflation might be in terms of -- you talked about Guyana already, but lower 48 and Gulf of Mexico.
John Hess: John, do you want to answer that part?
John Rielly: Sure. So I mean we are seeing, Roger, that just like our competitors, we're seeing upward pressure onshore and offshore with steel prices, labor costs and rig rates. So there's no question we are seeing that. So we -- as you mentioned, we talked about Guyana. So onshore, you heard Greg mention that the D&C cost did go from 6.2% to 6.3% this year. We are seeing inflation coming from 2023, these things continuing. So I can't give the number. That's why we'll wait till the end of the year, but you should expect that 6.3% to be higher in 2023 when we get the full numbers in. Again, we're working hard to mitigate the effects through efficiency gains, working with our suppliers, contracts and all our relationships there. And with the strength of the oil prices, like you mentioned, I still think with that tightness going into 2023, we will continue to see that. But of course, with the higher oil prices, obviously, we're getting much higher returns in cash flow. So I can't be exactly specific. That's what I said earlier, but we'll continue to work the contracts through the end of the year, and I'll update everyone on our January call.
John Hess: Yes. And I think, Roger, the other thing is Greg and his team moved expeditiously this secure excellent equipment with Nabors and also with -- and cruise with Halliburton as well. So some of our competitors, I don't think are as well positioned as we are to have high-quality equipment and people. And I think that will inure to our benefit as we go into next year to mitigate the cost pressures plus the fact that Greg and his team are leaders of the manufacturing and have a proven track record of mitigating cost increases. So the exact number, as John said, well give you at the end of the year, but I think we're staying ahead of it and taking steps to mitigate whatever that impact is.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vin Lovaglio with Mizuho.
Vin Lovaglio: The first question was just on debottlenecking work at Liza Phase 1. I was just wondering if you could remind me about the investment required to get those 20,000 barrels extra online? And then probably more importantly, your ability to carry over a similar debottlenecking work to future projects.
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So the investment level to get to that new nameplate of that new capacity of 140,000 barrels a day from the 120 on Phase I, very minimal. I mean this was some piping changes, et cetera. So you shouldn't think about that as a major investment on Phase 1. As we look forward to future phases, certainly in Phase II and also Payara, I think we could see the potential for additional debottlenecking for those 2 vessels. Beyond that, as your vessels get bigger, say, the 250 class, we'll have to wait and see. And I think the important thing to remember about these debottlenecking efforts is it's going to be bespoke for each vessel. So it's going to depend on the individual dynamics of that vessel operating as to how much additional capacity you can eke out of it. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Vin Lovaglio: Great. And the second 1 was just back to cash return and the regular dividend? I mean, obviously, the investment profile and the capital intensity of Guyana development is quite a bit different from U.S. unconventional. Just wondering how this affects your thinking on regular dividends and if you think that the regular or the base dividend is 1 way that you can ultimately differentiate from your peer group and the E&Ps.
John Hess: Yes. We certainly intend to increase the dividend each year and at a moderate pace, but 1 that builds value over time that will be sustainable, but also meaningful.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum with Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: I really only had, I think, 1 additional follow-up to some of the other questions that were answered already. But as we think about -- you've thrown out the 200,000 a day target in the Bakken as a most optimal level of performance for the asset. Just given some of the inflation that we're seeing there, some of the inflation that we're seeing both on the unit cost size, is 200,000 still the right number? And is there -- is that still a steady-state 4 rig program? Or just given the move in higher pricing if we were to believe in the long-term price at higher given some of the inflation, do all of these numbers move slightly higher?
John Hess: Yes, Greg?
Greg Hill: No. Look, I think if you look at our portfolio, we've got 2,100 or more drilling locations that generate great returns at a $60 WTI. So obviously, at current prices, those returns are fantastic, right? And so certainly, the movement in the oil price from a return standpoint is outstripping any inflationary effects. And the 200,000 barrel a day kind of plateau rate, if you will, for the Bakken is absolutely the optimum place to be because it really fills up all the infrastructure that we have in place in the Bakken. So you need to think about future wells as almost like a tieback in the Gulf of Mexico. The infrastructure is already there. So the incremental returns are very high for those Bakken wells. So we'll hold that with the portfolio we have, we'll hold that for rigs and be able to hold that plateau at about 200,000 barrels a day for almost a decade, all the while, the Bakken generating significant amount of free cash flow during that period. So at $60, it generates over $1 billion of free cash flow. Obviously, current price is much higher. So it becomes this massive cash annuity for the portfolio at that 200,000 barrels a day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2022 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website.  On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. In case there are audio issues, we will be posting transcripts of each speaker's prepared remarks on www.hess.com following the presentations.  I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess : Thank you, Jay. Welcome, everyone, to our first quarter conference call. Today, I will review our continuing progress to execute our strategy. Greg Hill will then discuss our operations, and John Rielly will cover our financial results.  With Russia's invasion of Ukraine, the spotlight has been put on energy security and the critical importance of oil and gas to the global economy. Energy security is essential for an orderly energy transition. Oil markets were tight even before the Russia-Ukraine conflict. We have now had 7 consecutive quarters of global oil inventory draws, and at the end of March, global oil inventories were estimated to be more than 400 million barrels less than pre-COVID levels. The world is facing a structural oil supply deficit, and the only way to address it is through more industry investment and that will take time to have an impact. According to the International Energy Agency, a reasonable estimate for global oil and gas investment is at least $450 billion each year over the next 10 years to meet demand. In 2020, that number was $300 billion and last year's investment was $340 billion. So to ensure an affordable, just and secure energy transition, we need to invest significantly more in oil and gas. And we also must have government policies that encourage investment rather than discourage it. In a world that will need reliable low-cost oil and gas resources now and for decades to come, Hess is in a very strong position, offering a differentiated value proposition. Our strategy is to deliver high-return resource growth, deliver a low cost of supply and deliver industry-leading cash flow growth, while at the same time, maintain our industry leadership in environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure. Our successful execution of this strategy has uniquely positioned our company to deliver long-term value to our shareholders by both growing intrinsic value and growing cash returns. In terms of resource growth, we have built a balanced portfolio focused on the Bakken, deepwater Gulf of Mexico, Southeast Asia and Guyana. With multiple phases of low-cost oil developments coming online in Guyana and our robust inventory of high-return drilling locations in the Bakken, we can deliver highly profitable production growth of more than 10% annually over the next 5 years. Our expanding high-quality resource base positions us to steadily move down the cost curve. Our 4 sanctioned oil developments in Guyana have a breakeven Brent oil price of between $25 and $35 per barrel. And by 2026, our company portfolio breakeven is forecast to decrease to a Brent oil price of approximately $45 per barrel. In terms of cash flow growth, we have an industry-leading rate of change and durability story. Based upon a flat Brent oil price of $65 per barrel, our cash flow is forecast to increase by approximately 25% annually between 2021 and 2026, more than twice as fast as our top line growth. Our balance sheet will also continue to strengthen in the coming years with debt-to-EBITDAX expected to decline from less than 2x in 2022 to under 1x in 2024. Our financial priorities are: first, to have a disciplined capital allocation process so that we invest only in high-return, low-cost opportunities; second, to maintain our investment-grade credit rating and have a strong cash position and balance sheet to ensure that we can fund our world-class investment opportunities in Guyana; and third, to return up to 75% of our annual free cash flow to shareholders. With the successful start-up in February of the Liza Phase 2 oil development offshore Guyana, which at capacity will add $1 billion of net operating cash flow annually at a $65 Brent oil price. In late February, we repaid the remaining $500 million of our $1 billion term loan scheduled to mature in March 2023. And on March 1, we increased our regular quarterly dividend by 50%. In April, Hess received total net proceeds of $346 million from the secondary offering of Hess-owned Class A shares of Hess Midstream and the sale of Hess-owned Class B units to Hess Midstream. Post these transactions, Hess owns approximately 41% of Hess Midstream. To manage oil price volatility, we have hedged 150,000 barrels per day of oil production for 2022, 90,000 barrels of oil per day with $60 per barrel WTI put options and 60,000 barrels of oil per day with $65 per barrel Brent put options. Given the significant increase in volatility and liquidity risk in the oil markets following Russia's invasion of Ukraine, in March, we removed the $100 WTI and $105 Brent call options that we previously had in place. Hess is now positioned to fully benefit on the upside while remaining protected on the downside. As our portfolio becomes increasingly free cash flow positive in the coming years, we commit to return up to 75% of our annual free cash flow to shareholders, with the remainder going to strengthen the balance sheet by increasing our cash position or further reducing our debt. We plan to continue increasing our regular dividend to a level that is attractive to income-oriented investors but sustainable in a low oil price environment. As our free cash flow generation steadily increases, share repurchases will represent a growing proportion of our return of capital. Key to our strategy is Guyana, the industry's largest oil province discovered in the last decade. According to a study by Wood Mackenzie, Guyana is one of the highest-margin, lowest carbon intensity oil developments globally. As discussed earlier, the world will need these low-cost oil resources for decades to come to meet future energy demand. On the Stabroek Block in Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator, a number of important milestones were recently achieved. Current production at the Liza Phase 1 development is 130,000 barrels of oil per day, ahead of its original gross nameplate capacity. And following production optimization work on the Liza Destiny FPSO is expected to increase to more than 140,000 barrels of oil per day over the course of this quarter. The Liza Phase 2 development, which achieved first oil in February, is ramping up ahead of schedule and expected to reach its gross production capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day by the third quarter. Our third development on the Stabroek Block at the Payara field with a gross capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day is also ahead of schedule and is now expected to start up in late 2023. In early April, we announced the sanction of the Yellowtail development after receiving government and regulatory approvals. The Yellowtail development has world-class economics and will be the largest to date on the Stabroek Block. The project will develop an estimated resource base of approximately 925 million barrels of oil and have a gross production capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day, with first oil expected in 2025. Front-end engineering and design work for our fifth development at Uaru Meco is underway, and we anticipate that ExxonMobil will be in a position to submit a plan of development to the government by the year-end. We want to thank and congratulate ExxonMobil for their outstanding work as operator in delivering exceptional project management and execution. According to a Wood Mackenzie study, the production growth ramp for the Stabroek Block is the best in the industry compared with other major deepwater developments, which will benefit the people of Guyana and our shareholders. We continue to see the potential for at least 6 floating production storage and offloading vessels, or FPSOs, on the block in 2027 with a production capacity of more than 1 million gross barrels of oil per day and up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources on the block. In terms of exploration and appraisal in Guyana, we continue to invest in an active exploration program with approximately 12 wells planned for the Stabroek Block in 2022. In January, we announced 2 more significant discoveries on the block at the Fangtooth and Lau Lau wells, which further underpin our of queue of future low-cost development opportunities. Yesterday, we announced 3 additional discoveries at Barreleye, Lukanani and Patwa, which further strengthens the development potential of the block. With these discoveries, the gross discovered recoverable resource estimate for the block has been increased to approximately 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent, up from the previous estimate of more than 10 billion barrels of oil equivalent, and we continue to see multibillion barrels of future exploration potential remaining. Now turning to the Bakken, where we have an industry-leading position with approximately 460,000 net acres in the core of the play. We are currently operating a 3-rig program. Given the strength of the oil market and the world's need for more oil supply, we will give serious consideration to adding a fourth rig later this year, which would accelerate our production ramp-up to approximately 200,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, a level which will maximize free cash flow generation, lower our unit cash costs and optimize our infrastructure. As we continue to execute our strategy, our commitment to sustainability remain a top priority. We are honored to have been recognized as an industry leader in diversity, equity and inclusion in January with a top score of 100% on the Human Rights Campaign's Corporate Equality Index for 2022, as well as earning a place on the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index for the third consecutive year. In summary, our differentiated portfolio is uniquely positioned to deliver industry-leading cash flow growth and financial returns in the coming years. As our portfolio becomes increasingly free cash flow positive, we commit to prioritizing the return of capital to our shareholders through further dividend increases and share repurchases.  I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. Let's begin with several positive developments on the Stabroek Block that have created significant long-term value for the people of Guyana and our shareholders. Current production on the Liza Destiny FPSO is 130,000 barrels of oil per day, ahead of its original base nameplate capacity and is expected to increase to more than 140,000 gross barrels of oil per day over the course of this quarter. Production on the Liza Unity FPSO is ramping up ahead of schedule and is expected to reach its gross capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day by the third quarter. The Payara development is also ahead of schedule and is now forecast to start up in late 2023 versus 2024 previously. Pulling forward production start-up reflects strong execution by the operator and significantly enhances the net present value of the project. The Payara development will utilize the Prosperity FPSO with a gross capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day. In April, we sanctioned the Yellowtail development. This project is designed to develop 925 million barrels of oil and will utilize the 1 Guyana FPSO with a gross capacity of 250,000 barrels of oil per day and first oil is planned in 2025. We have also made 5 additional discoveries this year, which have increased the estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources to approximately 11 billion barrels of oil equivalent. We have also faced some challenges this year in the form of transitory weather issues in the Bakken and cost inflation across our portfolio. In March, we revised our Bakken and company-wide first quarter and full year 2022 production guidance lower to reflect impacts from severe weather in North Dakota as well as higher NGL prices in the first quarter, which enhanced profitability but reduced production entitlements under our percentage of proceeds contracts. These weather conditions continued in April but are transitory, and we expect to recover and resume normal operations over the balance of the second quarter. Like our competitors, we are also seeing upward cost pressure across both our onshore and offshore business. We are mitigating many of the effects through lean manufacturing, strategic partnerships with key service providers and technology-driven cost efficiency gains. Nevertheless, we now expect additional cost inflation of approximately 3% to 4% on our 2022 capital program, including higher drilling and completion costs in the Bakken that we now expect to average approximately $6.2 million per well or 7% above last year. Of course, higher oil prices are also driving much higher earnings and cash flow. Now let's review our operating results and forecast. In the first quarter, company-wide net production averaged 276,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which was above the high end of our revised guidance range of 270,000 to 275,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day that we provided in March. For the second quarter, we forecast that company-wide net production will average approximately 310,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is 12% above last quarter. For the full year 2022, we now forecast our company-wide net production to be at the low end of our 325,000 to 330,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day guidance range due to the previously mentioned weather impacts in the Bakken in April. In the Bakken, net production in the first quarter averaged 152,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to our revised guidance of 150,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.  In the first quarter, we drilled 19 wells and brought 13 new wells online. In the second quarter, we expect to drill approximately 22 wells and to bring approximately 18 new wells online. And for the full year 2022, we expect to drill approximately 90 gross operated wells and to bring approximately 85 new wells online. For the second quarter, we forecast that Bakken net production will average between 140,000 and 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and that our full year 2022 net Bakken production will be near the bottom of our previous guidance range of 160,000 to 165,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, again reflecting the severe weather impacts.  Net production in the Bakken, however, is expected to build in the second half of the year, reaching 175,000 to 180,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter, with more wells online and improving weather conditions. We plan to bring approximately 54 new wells online in the second half of this year compared with 31 wells in the first half. It's also important to note that well results have been strong with IP180s and EURs comparable to last year's results. As John mentioned, we're giving strong consideration to adding a fourth operated drilling rig later this year. Moving to the Gulf of Mexico. First quarter net production averaged 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was within our guidance range of 30,000 to 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the second quarter, we expect to maintain net production of approximately 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.  And for the full year 2022, we forecast net production to average between 30,000 and 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting the addition of the Shell-operated Llano 6 well in which Hess has a 50% working interest late third quarter. The well will spud in May by Shell and will be tied back to Shell's Auger platform, with gross production from the well expected to build to a plateau rate of between 10,000 and 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by the end of the year. The Gulf of Mexico is an important cash engine and a platform for growth for the company. We have multiple options for tiebacks to over -- to our 3 Gulf of Mexico hubs, including both infill and near-field exploration prospects. Recent acquisition and processing and proprietary ocean bottom node 3D seismic across all 3 areas has identified opportunities for drilling in 2023 and beyond. In terms of -- for Mexico exploration, we spud the Huron-1 well in February on Green Canyon Block 69, where we are targeting a hub class Miocene opportunity. Results are expected during the second quarter. Hess is the operator with a 40% working interest and Shell and Chevron each have a 30% interest. Moving to Southeast Asia. First quarter net production was 64,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, in line with guidance. Second quarter and full year 2022 net production are forecast to average approximately 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now turning to Guyana. Our discoveries and developments on the Stabroek Block, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator, are world-class in every respect with some of the lowest project breakeven oil prices in the industry. First quarter net production averaged 30,000 barrels of oil per day, which was at the high end of our guidance range of 25,000 to 30,000 barrels of oil per day.  As a result of the Liza Phase 1 optimization work and the continued ramp-up of Liza Phase 2, we forecast second quarter net production from Guyana to average between 70,000 and 75,000 barrels of oil per day and to increase to 85,000 to 90,000 barrels of oil per day in the fourth quarter. Our full year 2022 net production guidance for Guyana remains unchanged at between 65,000 and 70,000 barrels of oil per day. Turning to exploration. In January, we announced significant discoveries on the Stabroek Block at Fangtooth and Lau Lau wells. Positive results at Fangtooth, our first stand-alone deep exploration prospect, will help confirm the deeper potential of the block. Lau Lau further underpins our queue of future low-cost development opportunities in the southeastern portion of the Stabroek Block. Yesterday, we announced discoveries at Barreleye, Lukanani and Patwa, all of which will require appraisal but will further underpin future developments on the block. Upcoming wells in the second quarter will include CBOB targeting Campanian reservoirs and located 10 miles south of Yellowtail; and Kiru targeting Campanian and Santonian reservoirs and located 3 miles southeast of Catabac. A Fangtooth appraisal well is also planned for the fourth quarter of this year. Moving to Suriname. Planning is underway on Block 42 for drilling the Zanderi-1 prospect around midyear. The well will target both Campanian and Santonian aged reservoirs. We see the acreage as a potential play extension from the Stabroek Block with similar play types and trap styles. Hess, Chevron and Shell, the operator, each have a 1/3 interest in the block. In closing, while we are managing some short-term issues with weather and cost inflation, our long-term outlook has never been brighter. Our distinctive strategy and world-class portfolio have positioned us to deliver differentiated value to our shareholders for many years to come.  I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: In my remarks today, I will compare results from the first quarter of 2022 to the fourth quarter of 2021. We had net income of $417 million in the first quarter of 2022 compared with $265 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. On an adjusted basis, first quarter net income was $404 million, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings of $13 million included in corporate interest and other. Turning to E&P. E&P had net income of $460 million in the first quarter of 2022 compared with $309 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. The changes in the after-tax components of E&P earnings between the first quarter of 2022 and fourth quarter of 2021 were as follows: higher realized selling prices increased earnings by $227 million; lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $154 million; lower DD&A expense increased earnings by $62 million. All other items increased earnings by $16 million for an overall increase in first quarter earnings of $151 million. For the first quarter, our E&P sales volumes were underlifted compared with production by 945,000 barrels, which decreased our after-tax income by approximately $40 million. Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $72 million in the first quarter of 2022 compared with $74 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. Midstream EBITDA before noncontrolling interest amounted to $241 million in the first quarter of 2022 compared with $246 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position. At quarter end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $1.37 billion and total liquidity was $4.94 billion, including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $5.61 billion. In April, we received total net proceeds of $346 million from the public offering of approximately 5.1 million Hess-owned Class A shares of Hess Midstream and the sale of approximately 6.8 million Hess-owned Class B units to Hess Midstream. Pro forma for these 2 transactions, our cash balance at quarter end, excluding Midstream, was approximately $1.7 billion. In the first quarter of 2022, [indiscernible] provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $952 million compared with $886 million in the fourth quarter of 2021. Changes in operating assets and liabilities during the first quarter of 2022 decreased cash flow from operating activities by $1.1 billion, reflecting payments made for previously accrued Libyan income tax and royalties of approximately $470 million for the period December 2020 through November 2021, premiums paid of $325 million to remove the ceiling price on outstanding WTI and Brent crude oil collars effective April 1, 2022, and an increase in accounts receivable due to higher crude oil prices. In the first quarter, capital expenditures for E&P and Midstream totaled $580 million. And in February, we repaid the remaining $500 million outstanding of our $1 billion term loan. With the payoff of the remaining balance on the term loan, our leverage stands at 1.6x E&P debt to EBITDAX. Our goal is to reduce our leverage to under 1x E&P debt to EBITDAX. Based on our projected cash flow growth at $65 Brent, we expect to achieve this target in 2024 while continuing to increase returns to shareholders through dividend increases and share repurchases. Turning to 2022. In the first quarter, we sold 2.3 million barrels of oil from Guyana and expect to have seven 1 million-barrel liftings in the second quarter and eight 1 million-barrel liftings in both the third and fourth quarters. This ramp in liftings from Guyana is expected to result in significant cash flow growth over the next 3 quarters. Now turning to guidance. First, for E&P. Our E&P cash costs were $13.79 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya, and $14.54 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya, in the first quarter of 2022. We project E&P cash costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $15 to $15.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter, reflecting planned maintenance and workover spend in the Gulf of Mexico and North Dakota and higher price-driven production taxes.  For the full year, cash costs, excluding Libya, are expected to be in the range of $13.50 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent compared with prior guidance of $12.50 to $13 per barrel of oil equivalent, primarily due to the impact of price-driven production taxes and the expectation production comes in at the low end of our full year production guidance. DD&A expense was $10.96 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya, and $11.54 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya, in the first quarter. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $12 to $12.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter and full year guidance of $11.50 to $12.50 per barrel of oil equivalent is unchanged. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $27 to $28 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter, and $25 to $26.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year 2022. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million in the second quarter, and full year guidance of $170 million to $180 million is unchanged. The Midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $290 million to $300 million for the second quarter, and full year guidance of $1,190,000,000 to $1,215,000,000 is unchanged. E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $135 million to $140 million for the second quarter and $460 million to $470 million for the full year, which is up from previous guidance of $300 million to $310 million due to higher commodity prices. We expect noncash option premium amortization, which will be reflected in our realized selling prices, will be approximately $165 million for the second quarter and approximately $550 million for the full year, inclusive of the additional premiums paid to remove the previous ceiling price on outstanding crude oil hedging contracts for the remainder of this year. Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $750 million in the second quarter. As Greg mentioned earlier, we are considering adding a fourth rig in the Bakken, which could add up to $100 million to our 2022 capital budget of $2.6 billion in the second half of the year. And we also expect industry cost inflation to potentially add another $80 million to $100 million for this year. We will provide an update on our capital spend during our second quarter conference call. Turning to Midstream. We anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $60 million to $65 million for the second quarter. And the full year is expected to be in the range of $265 million to $275 million, which is down from previous guidance of $275 million to $285 million, reflecting the impact of the Midstream capital transactions completed in April. Turning to corporate. Corporate expenses are estimated to be approximately $30 million for the second quarter, and full year guidance of $120 million to $130 million remains unchanged. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $85 million to $90 million for the second quarter and $345 million to $355 million for the full year, which is down from previous guidance of $350 million to $360 million due to the repayment of the remaining $500 million outstanding on our $1 billion term loan. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: I guess I've got 2 questions, if I may. So I mean, Guyana just continues to get better and better, obviously, with the accelerated timing on Payara perhaps. But my question is really about the line-of-sight you guys have through 2027, at least. You still talk about 6 FPSOs, 6 development phases, but your production guidance or outlook is still a little bit different from what the operator ExxonMobil is saying. So I'm curious if you can just help us close the gap. Is it plateau rates? Is it more conservative assumptions? What's the difference? Because clearly, it seems to us that your guidance is more realistic than what the operator is saying at this point.
John Hess: Yes, Doug, great question. I think ExxonMobil will be addressing that on their call, I understand, but we're sticking to the guidance that we gave, which by 2026 will be -- '27 will be over 1 million barrels a day of capacity. And I'd say that's a conservative number.
Doug Leggate: Concur completely. Thanks, John, for the clarification. My follow-up is related to the hedging buyout. And it's kind of an obtuse question, I guess. But the fact that you no longer have the upside cap on the hedges and the forward curve for both oil and gas is inflected in the way that it has, what does that do to the timing of your inflection to paying cash taxes in the U.S.? Has it changed any?
John Rielly: No, Doug. It really has not changed. If you read our 10-K, so we do have a U.S. net operating loss in excess of $16 billion here for the U.S. So from a cash tax payment, the horizon really hasn't changed, so we do not anticipate paying cash taxes in the next 5 years or more.
Doug Leggate: I was going to say if I said 10, would I be wrong?
John Rielly: I don't want to go out that far, Doug, but yes, nothing in the near term.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Couple of questions. And I think with Payara, the schedule is being pushed forward. John, you talked about the potential inflation impact for 2022 as well as the fourth rig that [indiscernible]. How about for the Payara? The good thing is that you accelerate the development. How about in terms of the budget impact?
GregHill: So Paul, as you know, those contracts are EPC contracts, right? So a lot of those costs are locked in. There has been inflationary pressures on the tubulars, in the drilling side. But again, I want to complement ExxonMobil. They're doing a fantastic job of driving efficiencies to offset a large part of those cost gains. So we should be in good shape.
John Rielly: Yes. And just to add to that, Paul, we don't have anything really right now from an add to our 2022 capital budget related to Payara. The Guyana developments are actually -- this is really just great execution by Exxon and SBM. So there's been no add to our budget for this acceleration of the Payara start-up.
Paul Cheng: Yes. John, I think obviously that this is early to talk about, 2023 CapEx and activity level, but can you give us maybe some guidance in terms of direction and give your take that the CapEx directionally, how that is going to move?
John Rielly: Yes, sure. So again, with this year, right, let's just do a reasonable approximation, as Greg mentioned, 3% to 4% inflation so that's $80 million to $100 million on this year, plus adding the fourth rig, which we're giving serious consideration to, up to $100 million. So look, let's talk this year with an approximation around $2.8 billion. And then I just have to remind everybody going back like to the Guyana lifts, with 2 lifts in the first quarter, 7 in the second, 8 in both the third and fourth, that we're -- even with any increase in our capital budget, we're going to have significant cash flow growth and significant free cash flow growth throughout this year. Then start talking about next year. Now with Payara coming forward, it obviously accelerates our cash flow growth from our previous profile. So again, this durability story on our cash flow growth really can -- goes out, as John was mentioning earlier, to 2027. So when you look at the capital increase for next year, so what that really means if we accelerate this fourth rig in, and if I can just round it to $100 million, typically adding a rig is $200 million, rule of thumb. So for a full year, you're going to add another $100 million then to -- from Bakken standpoint. Then Guyana, to your point, I just want to say you did say it's early so this is early, but clearly, there will be some increase in Guyana capital, nowhere near matching this increase in cash flow growth that will be happening because at that point, now you're going to have finishing up work on Phase 2 but then you're going to have Payara in full swing. You got Yellowtail and then really that fifth FPSO that we talked about. So we're going to have those 3 FPSOs in capital. So there will be an increase, can I say, several hundred million in that capital in Guyana as you move into next year. Should be some offsets then. Southeast Asia down a little bit from this year. But that's kind of a rule of thumb, I would say, Paul. But the biggest thing for us is we've got this just increase in cash flow starting really next quarter with Guyana and now with Payara coming next year. First, we have Phase 2 and Phase 1 operating at full capacity and then Payara coming in, so significant cash flow growth tied into some additional capital.
Paul Cheng: John, should we assume next year, the inflation will add maybe another 5% to 10% to the core, so if this year is $2.8 billion, should we assume that inflation will add at least another $200 million?
John Rielly: So the way I would look at it is we picked up this inflation for the second half of the year. It's really -- that's what's happening. A lot of it, we did have some tubular steel kind of locked up in the first half, and we're seeing some increases now going into the second half of the year. So we're picking it up for half the year. I don't necessarily think you then need to double this as you move forward. We'll see what happens with oil prices and basically industry investment, too, for next year. So at this point, I wouldn't want to guide to that kind of level, Paul. And again, we do everything we can with lean and with different technology as well as, again, a lot of these contracts for Guyana, as Greg mentioned, we've kind of fixed these prices that we have so far. So at this point, I think it's early for us to talk about what the inflation will be next year.
Paul Cheng: Can I just sneak in a real short accounting question?
John Rielly: Sure.
Paul Cheng: So when are you guys going to start booking income tax in your U.S. operation, given the substantially higher commodity prices that we see?
John Rielly: Okay. So as mentioned previously, from a cash tax standpoint, we will not be incurring cash taxes, let me just say, for 5 years or anything in the near term. To your point, what happens now with higher prices and more income here in the U.S., we have a full, what we call, sorry, this is going to be accounting technical, valuation allowance against that net operating loss. So there will come a point in time where we will release that valuation allowance, effectively book a big gain, increase equity. And then what would happen is, as you use the NOL, we would be recording deferred tax expense. The exact timing of that, Paul, I don't know at this point. But again, this would all be noncash from that standpoint.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JP Morgan.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. My first question goes back to the Yellowtail FID. Greg, you FID-ed that with Exxon at a gross cost of $10 billion, which is, call it, $1 billion more than Payara yet. You're doing a lot more wells, 51 versus 41, a lot more resource and we are in a more inflationary environment. So I was wondering if you could kind of walk through the cost numbers at Yellowtail, which was a little bit lower than we were thinking, just given some of the inflationary pressures.
GregHill: So again, as when we announced Yellowtail, remember, it's got a $29 breakeven, so this project is world-class. And Arun, it is, it's exactly what you said. Costs are a little higher because, of course, it's a bigger ship. You've got 30,000 more capacity on the oil side and also on the injection and water side. So it's a much bigger boat to start with. As you mentioned, there's more wells. There's more subsea manifolds associated with those wells. So it's really all just that extra kit that has been the primary driver. Wasn't a whole lot of inflation that we saw coming through the Yellowtail line. It's more just scope and scale. Exciting it's on track for 2025 start-up. The hole is actually done. It's sitting in Indonesian waters, waiting to come into Singapore as soon as Payara is complete and it floats away. But again, it's a world-class project, $29 a barrel breakeven. And of course, remember, it's developing 925 million barrels of reserves versus Payara that was 600 million, right? So for all those reasons, a little bit higher cost but extraordinary world-class economics.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just my follow-up, Greg, I was wondering if you could just maybe give us a little bit more detail on some of the transitory weather issues in the Bakken. We're seeing, call it, gas flows are running, call it, 400 million a day in the basin versus 2.1 Bcf a day or so, which is more typical. So can you give us more details on the weather event and how this is impacting you and the rest of the industry in April and maybe any implications for the rest of the year?
GregHill: Yes. Well, of course, that's why we lowered our guidance for the second quarter and also lowered our year-end to be more at the bottom end of our guidance of 160 to 165 in the Bakken. Hey, it's been a tough winter with record storms in March and April, and of course, that has impacted our production. But Arun, it's not our first weather rodeo in the Bakken. It's transitory. We'll fully recover over the course of the quarter and then really be back on track to deliver our Q4 production in the range of 175 to 180, and that's a 15% increase in Q1. So again, it's transitory. We've been through this before. Just take a little time but we're on our way back.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Our first question is on cash returns, and our second, maybe we'll hit back on Guyana. On the cash terms, so you've committed to returning up to 75% of free cash flow through dividends and buybacks. You're already above the $1 billion reserve cash level. So can you talk about how you see the allocation between dividend increases and buybacks? And what are really the gating factors for starting the buyback? And I guess maybe on that, like how do you avoid the common investor concern that buybacks are cyclical? We've been hearing a lot more of that pushback recently.
John Hess: Sure. No. Great question, Jeanine. I think a couple of perspectives on this. Obviously, we have a unique value proposition that we offer, which is industry-leading cash flow growth of compounding 25% a year each year out for the next 5 years based upon $65 Brent. So we certainly can see the visibility of our cash flow growth compounding and our free cash flow along with it. In terms of the timing of the share repurchases and commencing that, look, based upon market conditions and our significant cash flow growth that John Rielly was discussing earlier, we will give serious consideration to commencing our share repurchases this year. And as we look forward, we plan to continue increasing our regular dividend to a level that is attractive to income-oriented investors, as we said, but also sustainable in a low price environment. And as our free cash flow generation steadily increases, share repurchases will represent a growing proportion of our return of capital. We will try as best we can to be opportunistic in buying our stock, buying more on dips. But at the same time, we do have a commitment to, on an annual basis, to return 75% of our free cash flow annually. But as you look forward, we'll continue to grow our dividend and then the greater proportion of our return of capital will be share repurchases. And based upon the market and cash flow growth for this year, we'll give serious consideration to moving forward with our share repurchases this year.
Jeanine Wai: Terrific. And then maybe going back to Guyana on the discoveries that you announced last night. Can you just maybe discuss how the results compare to your expectations, especially since 2 of those wells, they were pretty meaningful step-outs and we were also very interested in your commentary on the high-quality of oil versus just the hydrocarbon bearing oil or hydrochain reservoir feet?
GregHill: Thank you for the question. We're very pleased with the results. As you mentioned, Barreleye, 230 feet of hydrocarbon-bearing reservoirs and 52 feet of that was high-quality oil bearing. Lukanani, 115 feet of sandstone, 76 of which was high-quality oil-bearing, so very, very pleased. And as you mentioned, it does -- these are further step-outs. And I think what it does show is just how massive this accumulation is down in Guyana, and it just keeps getting bigger and better as we continue to grow. And then we talked about Patwa, 108 feet of hydrocarbon-bearing sandstone reservoirs. Now what do all 3 of these mean? Well, they basically have allowed us to increase expected gross recoverable hydrocarbons to approximately 11 billion barrels, including Fangtooth and Lau Lau that we announced earlier in the year. Now how and when these resources will get developed to be a function of appraisal drilling results and development studies, but we are very pleased with the results of all of the wells that we've seen this year, met or exceeded all of our expectations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: A lot of the questions have been asked already, so I'll do 2 quick ones here. The first is, as you think about taking up that fourth rig in the Bakken, any gating factors in terms of executing it? Certainly, the commodity price environment would suggest it could make sense, but just any questions around that -- comments around that. And the second is, John, any perspective on the relationship you have from a regulatory and a fiscal perspective in Guyana. It seems like that has been stable, but given it represents a disproportionate amount of the asset value, we always want to stay on top of any inflections that might be happening there.
GregHill: Yes. Thanks for the question, Neil, about the fourth rig. So we don't anticipate any bottlenecks or issues in getting that rig going. We're in active discussions with our contractors and suppliers up there so we're in really good shape. So why would we want to add that fourth rig? Well, given the high prices and world demand for oil, the world needs the oil, plus as you and I have talked before, that fourth rig would allow us to optimize our in-basin infrastructure, increase production to about 200,000 barrels a day. And as you recall, with our extensive inventory of high-return wells, we could hold that plateau for almost a decade and generate significant free cash flow from the Bakken as a result. So that's the logic for the fourth rig. We do not see any issues getting that fourth rig started up with crews or availability equipment or anything. So we're in good shape.
John Hess: Yes. And Neil, in terms of the Guyana government, our company and our joint venture have an excellent working relationship, a very constructive one with the government. Testament is the early April approval of Yellowtail. The government has been very clear with us that they would like us as a joint venture to accelerate the development of their oil resources to basically improve the prosperity and have shared prosperity for all Guyanese citizens. So it's a very constructive working relationship. It continues. We also want to help the government in social responsibility as well, trying to make a better future for all Guyanese. So it's an excellent relationship and we continue to work with them. And as I said before, ExxonMobil has done an outstanding job on project management and execution, bringing a lot of value forward for our joint venture, for the people of Guyana and for our shareholders in the excellent achievements they've had in terms of being really ahead of schedule now on Liza Phase 1, ahead of schedule on Liza Phase 2, ahead of schedule on Payara. And that track record is to the benefit of the Guyanese people as well as our shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Seems like the Bakken fourth rig thing has been hit quite a bit, but I do have just 1 question on that. What, at this point, would be the reason for not pulling the trigger on that at some point this year? Meaning would it be hard to get a rig in the Bakken with crew and all the other associated items you need or is it just an internal decision on your part?
GregHill: No. Really, it's related to operations because really the best time to build locations is after the ice-out is over. So we'll go in and build those locations, get some new pads ready for that rig to operate on. So we don't sit around with idle pads laying around. We like to do it just in time, so we'll build those pads and get going drilling as soon as we can.
Roger Read: Okay. And then comments earlier about inflation at the CapEx side, which all makes sense. I was just curious and not trying to go against the guidance on the LOE side, but what should we think about in terms of inflationary pressures, if any, at the cash OpEx level?
John Rielly: Roger, it was baked in there. We're not seeing as much there on the cash cost, cash operating costs, the capital. There's no question, there is some. It was in the number. But the biggest driver on that increase in the cash cost per BOE is the production taxes, which is driven by higher prices. So again, that helps our margins that way. So that -- when you're seeing that real increase there, it's really that increase in production taxes that's driving that higher cash cost.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Brackett with Bernstein.
Bob Brackett: I had a question on that cash cost as a follow-up. The long-term guide was marching down towards, say, $9 BOE of cash costs. Much of that is mix shift as grows. Is any part of that also assuming deflation or operational improvements?
John Rielly: No. Not really, Bob. Now look, we did set that out in a $65 world, that's for sure. That was how we set that up. All our forecasts going out is in a $65 world. So obviously, there can be impact. Again, like I just mentioned, with production taxes being higher from that standpoint. But you are correct that really what drives that down is Guyana. And in fact, if you look just at our numbers and the guide I gave and you just did the math on the second half of the year, second half of the year has to average about $12.60 on that cash cost to get to those numbers basically in the midpoint. And what's going to happen is third quarter will be a little bit higher, and then the fourth quarter is going to be lower than that $12.60. Why? Again, because Guyana continues to build up its production. So the more and more now that Payara is moving up early, and that it's -- to your point, it's that mix and having Guyana just drive down our cash costs, as well as Greg mentioned, getting that fourth rig on, we'll optimize our infrastructure and lower our unit cost in the Bakken as well.
Bob Brackett: That's clear. And then a second question on Yellowtail, draining 925 million barrels, is that just from the Yellowtail Field or are some of those nearby fields being tied into that?
GregHill: No. There's also a Redtail discovery that's being tied into that as well.
Bob Brackett: Got it.
GregHill: And then, Bob, I think also we -- as we've mentioned before, the plateau on all of these vessels, really, they're all going to be -- they'll all be bespoke, but I think you could assume extended plateaus on all the vessels as we go out in time, just because of resource density in and around these hubs. So they'll be longer than what a typical deepwater development would be. But again, they'll all be different.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2021 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Josh, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Josh. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on todays conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. On the call with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. In case of any audio issues, we will be posting transcripts of each speakers prepared remarks on www.hess.com following the presentation. Ill now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you Jay. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I hope all of you and your families are well and staying healthy. Today I will review our continued progress in executing our strategy and provide a look at the year ahead. Then Greg Hill will discuss our operations and John Rielly will cover our financial results.  2022 marks an inflection point in the execution of our strategy as we go from investment mode to return of capital mode while still being able to invest to grow our business. Our strategy has been and continues to be to deliver high return resource growth, deliver a low cost to supply, and deliver industry leading cash flow growth while at the same time maintain our industry leadership in environmental, social, and governance consensus disclosure. In terms of resource growth, we have been disciplined in allocating capital to the best stocks for the best returns and it builds the differentiated portfolio focused on the Bakken, Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, Southeast Asia, and Guyana with its multiple phases of low cost oil developments. We expect all four of these assets to be free cash flow generative in 2022.  In terms of the low cost of supply, because of the investments we are making, our cash cost by 2026 are forecast to decline approximately 25% to $9 per barrel of oil equivalent versus 2021. And our portfolio breakeven is positioned to be one of the lowest in the industry in 2026 decreasing to $45 per barrel of Brent. In terms of cash flow growth, we have an industry leading rate of change and durability story. We are positioned to grow our cash flow at a compound rate of 25% per year out to 2026 based upon a Brent price of $65 per barrel and any business that can grow its cash flow at twice the rate of its topline is a business you want to have in your investment portfolio.  Our company has been in the investment mode for the last several years, building on our portfolio to where it can deliver durable cash flow growth. The Liza Phase 2 project, which is on track for first oil this quarter, will add $1 billion of net operating cash flow annually at $65 Brent. Following project start up, we plan to repay the remaining $500 million of our term loan and to increase our base dividend. As our portfolio becomes increasingly free cash flow positive in the coming years, our top priority will be both to grow the base dividend and also accelerate our share repurchases. Key to our strategy is Guyana, the industrys largest new oil province discovered in the last decade, which is positioned to be one of the highest margin, lowest carbon intensity oil developments globally according to a study by Wood Mackenzie. The world will need these low cost, high value resources to meet growing energy demand, particularly given underinvestment by our industry in recent years. The International Energy Agencys latest World Energy Outlook provides multiple scenarios for addressing the dual challenge of growing the global energy supply by about 20% over the next 20 years and reaching net zero emissions by 2050. In all of the IEA scenarios, oil and gas will be needed for decades to come and significantly more investment will be required, much more in renewables and much more in oil and gas. A reasonable estimate for global oil and gas investment from these IEA scenarios is approximately $450 billion each year over the next 10 years. In 2020, that number was $300 billion. Last years investment was $340 billion. So while investors and oil and gas companies need to remain capital disciplined, we also need to invest more in oil and gas than we are currently to ensure an affordable, just and secure energy transition. Turning to our plans for the year ahead, our 2022 capital and exploratory budget is $2.6 billion, of which approximately 80% will be allocated to Guyana and the Bakken. On the Stabroek Block in Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator, we continue to see the potential for at least six floating production storage and offloading vessels or FPSOs in 2027 with a production capacity of more than 1 million gross barrels of oil per day and up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources on the block. Our three sanctioned oil developments on the block have a Brent breakeven oil price of between $25 and $35 per barrel. In terms of our Guyana oil developments, production capacity at the Liza Phase 1 development is expected to increase to more than 140,000 gross barrels of oil per day following production optimization work. The Liza Phase 2 development is on track for startup this quarter with a gross production capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day. Our third development on this Stabroek Block at the Payara Field is on track for production startup in 2024, also with a gross capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day. The Yellowtail development has world class economics and will be the largest to date on the Stabroek Block, developing nearly 1 billion barrels of oil, with a gross production capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day. The Yellowtail project continues to make progress, has the full support of the Government of Guyana, which is finalizing its third party review, and remains on track for production startup in 2025. We will continue to invest in an active exploration and appraisal program in Guyana in 2022, with approximately 12 wells planned for the Stabroek Block. Earlier this month, we announced two more significant discoveries on the block at the Fangtooth and Lau Lau wells. With these discoveries, the gross discovered recoverable resource estimate for the block is more than 10 billion barrels of oil equivalent and we continue to see multibillion barrels of future exploration potential remaining. Positive results at Fangtooth, our first standalone deep exploration prospect, confirm the deeper exploration potential of the block. Both discoveries further underpin our queue of future low cost development opportunities. In the Bakken, we plan to operate a three rig program in 2022, which will enable us to generate significant free cash flow, lower our unit cash costs, and further optimize our infrastructure. Greg and our Bakken team continue to do an outstanding job of applying lean manufacturing principles to keep driving down costs and building a culture of innovation and efficiency. We will also continue to invest in our operated cash engines offshore. In the Gulf of Mexico, we will drill the Huron-1 exploration well and also a tieback well at the Llano field, and in Southeast Asia, we will invest in drilling and facilities, some of which was previously deferred due to COVID and low commodity prices. We are proud of our workforce for living the Hess values by working safely and delivering strong operating results especially during the pandemic. As we continue to execute our strategy, our commitment to sustainability will remain a top priority. Our Board and senior leadership have set aggressive five year targets for greenhouse gas emissions reduction for 2025. Most recently, we have endorsed the World Banks Zero Routine Flaring by 2030 initiative and have set a target to eliminate routine flaring from our operations by the end of 2025. We are honored to have been recognized throughout 2021 as an industry leader in our environmental, social, and governance performance and disclosure. In December, we achieved leadership status in CDPs Annual Global Climate Analysis for the 13th consecutive year and in November earned a place on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index for North America for the 12th consecutive year. In summary, 2022 marks an inflection point in the execution of our strategy. We have built a differentiated portfolio offering a unique value proposition, delivering durable cash flow growth that enables us to continue to invest in some of the highest return projects in the industry and also to start growing our cash returns to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. 2021 was another year of strong operating performance and strategic execution for Hess. Starting with reserves, proved reserves at the end of 2021 stood at 1.3 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Net proved reserve additions in 2021 totaled 348 million barrels of oil equivalent, including positive net price revisions of 107 million barrels of oil equivalent, resulting in an overall 2021 production replacement ratio of 295% and a finding and development cost of approximately $5.25 per barrel of oil equivalent. Now turning to production. In the fourth quarter and full year 2021, company-wide net production averaged 295,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya in line with our guidance. For the full year 2022, we forecast net production to increase by 12% to 15% and average between 330,000 and 340,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. For the first quarter of 2022, we forecast net production to average between 275,000 and 285,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. This forecast reflects the impacts of severe weather in the Bakken, remedial maintenance work at the Baldpate and Penn State fields in the Gulf of Mexico, and planned downtime on the Liza Destiny FPSO for production optimization work. Companywide net production is forecast to significantly increase over the course of the year driven both by Guyana and the Bakken, with the fourth quarter expected to average between 360,000 and 370,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.  In the Bakken, both fourth quarter and full year 2021 net production were in line with our guidance, averaging 159,000 and 156,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day respectively. We have a robust inventory of approximately 2,100 drilling locations in the Bakken that can generate attractive returns at $60 WTI, representing approximately 70 rig years of activity. In 2022, we plan to operate three rigs and expect to drill approximately 90 gross operated wells and bring approximately 85 new wells online. In the first quarter of 2022, we plan to drill approximately 22 wells and bring 10 new wells online. For the balance of the year, we expect to bring online an average of 25 wells per quarter. In 2021, our drilling and completion cost per Bakken well averaged $5.8 million, which was $400,000 or 6% lower than 2020. In 2022, we expect to fully offset anticipated inflation through lean manufacturing and technology driven efficiency gains, and therefore D&C costs are expected to be flat with last year at approximately $5.8 million per well. For the full year 2022, we forecast Bakken net production to average between 165,000 and 170,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, a 6% to 9% increase over 2021. First quarter net production is forecast to average between 155,000 and 160,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Beginning in the second quarter we expect to benefit from the addition of the third rig, which we added last September, and improving weather conditions. Net Bakken production is forecast to steadily ramp over the course of 2022 and to average between 175,000 and 180,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter. Moving to the offshore, in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 39,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 45,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full year 2021, in line with our guidance. The Deepwater Gulf of Mexico remains an important cash engine for the company as well as a platform for growth. In 2022, we will resume drilling operations after a two-year hiatus, with one tieback well planned at the Shell-operated Llano Field, and one exploration well planned at the Hess-operated Huron prospect on Green Canyon Block 69. Over the last five years, we have focused our efforts on getting best in class imaging across our acreage position in Northern Green Canyon, where we believe there is high potential for multiple, high-return hub class Miocene opportunities. Huron is the first of these opportunities, which attracted interest from multiple parties during the farmout process.  We expect to spud Huron in the first quarter, with Hess having a 40% working interest as operator and Shell and Chevron at 30% each. As part of our agreements with Shell and Chevron, we have also accessed additional Miocene prospects across Green Canyon and are excited about further potential in the play. In February, Shell plans to spud the Llano-6 development well, in which Hess has a 50% working interest. The well will be tied back to Shells Auger platform, with gross production from the well expected to build to a plateau rate of between 10,000 and 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by the end of this year. For the full year 2022, we forecast net production in the Gulf of Mexico to average approximately 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. First quarter net production is forecast to average between 30,000 and 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In Southeast Asia, net production from the Joint Development Area and North Malay Basin, where Hess has a 50% interest, averaged 66,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 61,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full year 2021, in line with our guidance. For the full year 2022, we forecast net production in Southeast Asia to average approximately 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the first quarter, we forecast net production to average between 60,000 and 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Turning to Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest in the Stabroek Block and ExxonMobil is the operator. We have continued our extraordinary run of exploration success and increased our estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources to more than 10 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Net production from Guyana averaged 31,000 barrels of oil per day in the fourth quarter of 2021 and 30,000 barrels of oil per day for the full year 2021, in line with our guidance. For the full year 2022, we forecast net production in Guyana to average between 65,000 and 70,000 barrels of oil per day. In the first quarter we forecast net production from Guyana to average between 25,000 and 30,000 barrels of oil per day reflecting planned downtime on the Liza Destiny for production optimization as previously mentioned, and net production in the fourth quarter will increase to between 85,000 and 90,000 barrels of oil per day. Earlier this month we announced significant discoveries on the Stabroek Block at Fangtooth and Lau Lau. Positive results at Fangtooth, our first standalone deep exploration prospect, help confirm the deeper exploration potential of the Stabroek Block. In the coming months, we will complete the analysis of the exploration well results. Appraisal activities will then be conducted to determine the optimum development approach and timing. Lau Lau further underpins our queue of future low-cost development opportunities in the Southeastern portion of the Stabroek Block. This discovery will also require appraisal to determine the ultimate development approach and timing. We continue to see multi billion barrels of exploration potential on the Stabroek Block and in 2022, we plan to drill approximately 12 exploration and appraisal wells that will target a variety of prospects and play types. These will include lower risk wells near existing discoveries, higher risk step outs, and several penetrations that will test deeper Lower Campanian and Santonian intervals. Exploration wells planned for the first quarter of 2022 include; Barreleye-1, located approximately 20 miles Southeast of Liza. The primary target is lower Campanian with shallow and deeper secondary targets. The well spud on December 30th. Tarpon-1, located approximately 63 miles Northwest of Liza, will target lower Campanian clastics, plus a deeper Jurassic carbonate. The well will spud following completion of Fangtooth operations. Patwa-1 is near our Turbot area discoveries. The well is approximately 3 miles Northwest of the Cataback-1 discovery, with targets in upper Cretaceous clastic reservoirs. This well is anticipated to spud in March. Lukanani-1 is in the Southeastern part of the Stabroek Block, located approximately 2 miles west of Pluma and is anticipated to spud in March. The primary target is Maastrichtian age clastic reservoirs, with secondary objectives in lower Campanian reservoirs. The appraisal program in 2022 will be focused on delineating future developments. First quarter appraisal activities will include the Tilapia-2 appraisal well, located approximately 24 miles Southeast of Liza-1. The well will appraise the February 2019 Tilapia-1 discovery in the Turbot area and is anticipated to spud in March. In addition, we plan to conduct drill stem tests at Tilapia-1 and Pinktail-1. Turning now to our Guyana developments. Development activity this year will include drilling for both the Liza Phase 2 and Payara projects. Initial development drilling activities will also begin for the Yellowtail project following approval of the Field Development Plan by the government. A planned turnaround will be conducted in March on the Liza Destiny FPSO. Work activities will include production optimization work, designed to increase the vessels production capacity. At Liza Phase 2, the Liza Unity FPSO vessel is undergoing final hookup and commissioning after arriving in Guyanese waters in October 2021. Unity is on track to start production in the first quarter of 2022 with a capacity of approximately 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. With regard to our third development, at Payara, the overall project is 66% complete. SURF activities are progressing ahead of plan and we are preparing for a 2022 installation campaign. The hull for the Prosperity FPSO vessel is complete, and topside construction activities are ongoing in Singapore for planned production start-up in 2024. The Field Development Plan and Environmental Impact Assessment for the fourth potential project, Yellowtail, have been submitted for government and regulatory review. The government is supportive of the project and startup remains on track for 2025. We look forward to continuing to work with the Government of Guyana and our partners to realize the extraordinary potential of this world class project. Moving to Suriname, planning is underway for our second exploration well on Block 42 at the Zanderij-1 prospect targeting the Santonian and Deep play potential. The operator, Shell, has indicated that they expect to drill the well around mid-year. We see the acreage as a potential play extension from the Stabroek Block, with similar play types and trap styles. Shell, Chevron and Hess each have a one third working interest in Block 42. In closing, our execution continues to be strong. The start-up of Liza Phase 2 and steadily increasing production in the Bakken are expected to drive an approximate 30% increase in net production between the first quarter and fourth quarter of 2022 along with a significant increase in operating cash flow, which will underpin our commitment to increase cash returns to shareholders. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the fourth quarter of 2021 to the third quarter of 2021 and provide guidance for 2022. Turning to results, we had net income of $265 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared with $115 million in the third quarter of 2021. On an adjusted basis, third quarter net income was $86 million which excludes an after-tax gain of $29 million from the sale of our interests in Denmark. Turning to E&P, E&P had net income of $309 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared with adjusted net income of $149 million in the third quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the fourth and third quarter were as follows; higher sales volume increased earnings by $158 million. Higher realized selling prices increased earnings by $103 million. Higher DD&A expense decreased earnings by $44 million. Higher midstream tariff expense decreased earnings by $22 million. Higher cash costs decreased earnings by $21 million. Higher exploration expenses decreased earnings by $10 million. All other items decreased earnings by $4 million. For an overall increase in fourth quarter earnings of $160 million. For the fourth quarter, our E&P sales volumes were over lifted compared with production by approximately 690,000 barrels which increased after-tax income by approximately $17 million.  Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $74 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared with $61 million in the prior quarter. Midstream EBITDA, before non-controlling interests, amounted to $246 million in the fourth quarter of 2021 compared with $203 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position, at quarter end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $2.71 billion, and total liquidity was $6.3 billion including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $6.1 billion. In the fourth quarter, net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $886 million compared with $631 million in the third quarter, primarily due to higher realized selling prices and sales volumes. In the fourth quarter, net cash provided by operating activities after changes in operating assets and liabilities was $899 million compared with $615 million in the third quarter. In October, we received net proceeds of $108 million from the public offering of 4.3 million Hess-owned Class A shares of Hess Midstream. In January 2022, we paid accrued Libyan income taxes and royalties of approximately $470 million related to operations for the period December 2020 through November 2021. Post the startup of the Liza Phase 2 development, we intend to pay off the remaining $500 million on our term loan and increase our dividend. With our strong cash and liquidity positions, and our industry leading cash flow growth, we are well positioned to significantly improve our credit metrics and increase cash returns to our shareholders in the coming years. We remain committed to returning the majority of our increasing free cash flow to shareholders through further dividend increases and share repurchases. Now turning to guidance. First for E&P, we project E&P cash costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $13.50 to $14.00 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter reflecting the impact of lower companywide production and higher initial per-unit costs for Liza Phase 2 during its production ramp following first oil. Cash costs, excluding Libya, for the full year 2022 are expected to be in the range of $11.50 to $12.50 per barrel of oil equivalent as the low cost Guyana production reduces our unit cash costs in the second half of the year as Liza Phase 2 reaches capacity.  DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $11.50 to $12 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and $11.50 to $12.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $25 to $26 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and $23 to $25 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year 2022. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $40 million to $45 million in the first quarter and $170 million to $180 million for the full year. The Midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $285 million to $295 million for the first quarter and $1,190 million to $1,215 million for the full year 2022. E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $40 million to $45 million for the first quarter and $300 million to $310 million for the full year 2022. For calendar year 2022, we have purchased WTI collars for 90,000 barrels of oil per day with an average monthly floor price of $60 per barrel and an average monthly ceiling price of $100 per barrel. We also have entered into Brent collars for 60,000 barrels of oil per day with an average monthly floor price of $65 per barrel and an average monthly ceiling price of $105 per barrel. We expect non-cash option premium amortization, which will be reflected in our realized selling prices, to reduce our results by approximately $55 million per quarter, or approximately $225 million for full year 2022. In the first quarter we expect to have three liftings from Guyana with two lifts coming from the Liza Destiny and our first lift from the Liza Unity expected to occur at the end of March. In the second quarter, we expect a total of five liftings. After the Liza Unity reaches full production, which is currently projected for the third quarter of this year, we expect to have eight liftings per quarter in Guyana from these two FPSOs. For the full year 2022, we expect 24 liftings in Guyana. Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $650 million in the first quarter and approximately $2.6 billion for the full year 2022. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $65 million to $70 million for the first quarter and $275 million to $285 million for the full year 2022. For corporate, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million for the first quarter and $120 million to $130 million for the full year. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $90 million to $95 million for the first quarter and $350 million to $360 million for the full year 2022. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking questions. Good morning. Our first question is on cash return for John Hess. How are you thinking about the trajectory of the base dividend increases, in the past, you've commented that the majority of your shareholders think that the base dividend needs to be higher than the estimates, but any more color on where your target is on that? And then for the buybacks, you've been pretty clear that the base dividend is the first priority, but is the catalyst for more meaningful share repurchases, is that really Payara coming online in 2024, but you could maybe initiate them on an earlier but more modest level and then accelerate them?
John B. Hess: Jeanine, thank you. In terms of our return of capital framework, once the lease of Phase 2 is up and producing oil, we will pay off the $500 million remaining on our term loan and we'll start to increase our base dividend. At that time, we'll also communicate our return of capital framework, not just where we want to take the dividend but also how we plan on returning our free cash flow. As a reminder, as you have said earlier, we've been consistent in saying that our cash flow compounding as it does, we intend to return the majority of our free cash flow to our shareholders by further increasing our dividend and also accelerating share repurchases. And in terms of the dividend itself, the base dividend as our cash flow grows, we plan to have a dividend that will have a meaningful premium to the S&P 500 dividend yield.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thank you for that color. Our second question maybe for John Rielly, it's on Libya, and just maybe a housekeeping clarification thing. The release indicated that in January Hess paid accrued Libyan income tax and royalties of 470 million, and that was related to operations from last year. Can you just provide a little bit of color on this and what if anything more we can expect for the rest of 2022?
John P. Rielly: Sure, Jeanine. Basically, we had tax and royalties related to our production on the Waha concessions. And these taxes and royalties were held by Hess and our other Waha partners after receiving instructions from the Libyan authorities to withhold payment. Then, just recently the authorities instructed us to make those payments so we did release it. Hess and our partners released those taxes and royalties paid during January as it was mentioned in the release and I mentioned earlier in my discussion. Going forward, this is just normal taxes and royalties related to our production. It's typically paid monthly. We expect it to be paid monthly here in 2022. So that's what I would say the go forward is. And just so you know, I mean, all those things are just normal taxes and royalties, they were all accrued, all in earnings, all in cash flow from operations during 2021.
John B. Hess: And, and as a reminder, Jeanine, Total recently announced the sale of our interests in Libya, to both Total and ConocoPhillips. And we are still awaiting final approval from the government on that sale.
Jeanine Wai: Great, thank you. 
John B. Hess: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Arun Jayaram with J.P. Morgan.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah, good morning. John, for you as you talked about adopting a formal capital allocation returns framework kind of near-term. And I was wondering if you could give us maybe some insights on how you're thinking about this. Some of your E&P peers have a very formulaic approach to this, while some of your major peers are a little bit more flexible. So I was wondering if you could maybe give us a little bit of thoughts on how are you and the Board are thinking about that? 
John B. Hess: Yeah, no. It is a great question. We will be coming out with a framework that will be pretty clear about how we allocate capital, but also how we intend and how much we intend of our free cash flow to return. It will have some flexibility in it. But it will be very clear of our commitment to return the majority of our free cash flow to our shareholders. By further increasing the dividend they will have their first piece in the dividend, once lease of Phase 2 is up and running and producing oil. But then we will intend as our cash flow compounds, the majority of that free cash flow go back to our shareholders by further increasing the dividend and also accelerating the share repurchases. I think the return of capital framework when we announce it will be clear and help provide clarity to the question you're asking.
Arun Jayaram: Great, and just my follow up is on Guyana. Greg, you mentioned that the Yellowtail project could include resources of a billion barrels. So I wonder if you could kind of compare how this development looks like relative to Payara. I think the subsea kits are a bit more to let bigger of an FPSO. So maybe give us some thoughts on how this could look like. And then as well as maybe provide some insights on the objectives of the 2022 exploration program in Ghana, it looks like you're maybe targeting some more elephants, but I wanted to get some thoughts on those two questions? 
Gregory P. Hill: Sure. So let me take your second question first Arun. So, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the objectives of the program this year are twofold, like they always have been. The first one being to explore for new opportunities. So that includes things in the upper Campanian, but also more penetrations in the deeper section that we saw as Fangtooth, right. And so if you look at the 12 wells that we're going to do this year, about two thirds of those wells are exploration wells, and about one third is appraisal wells. So pretty active this year on the exploration side. And again, we're going to be testing deeper zones and also shallower zones with that exploration program, and I kind of lined out that the first quarter my opening remarks as to where we're headed with that.  And then appraisal, of course, is about appraising the existing discovery so that we can figure out what that development cue is for the playout of the vessels, the up to 10 FPSOs that we've talked about. Now, if I get back to your question on Yellowtail so first of all, the Yellowtail developments, world class economics will be the largest to date on the Stabroek Block. It's as you mentioned, it's going to develop new nearly a billion barrels of oil, have a gross capacity of 250,000 barrels a day. So it's got a little bit bigger top sides and it's also got more wells. So Payara has 41 wells, whereas Yellowtail will have 51 wells. So it's just a bigger project, very large area of extent, very fantastic reservoir. So it's going to be one of the, again, the world class economics.
John B. Hess: Yeah, some of the highest returns in the oil industry, comparing it to Shell or comparing it to offshore developments, and just going to have a breakeven cost that will be lower than Payara.
Arun Jayaram: Great, thanks a lot gents. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I don't know if it's too late to say Happy New Year, but Happy New Year everybody. So, John or Greg, I'm not sure who wants to take this but I want to ask a portfolio question given you touched on the Libya news earlier. You have a very, very large footprint in the Gulf of Mexico. Obviously, you've taken advantage of [indiscernible] when no one else cared, and so on. But when I look at Payara, Yellowtail adding essentially five times the current production in the Gulf of Mexico, I got to ask if the Gulf of Mexico is a keeper longer term for the portfolio, given the effort that has to be put into maintaining the production and so on. So just long term thoughts on whether the Gulf stays in the portfolio? 
John B. Hess: Yeah, Greg.
Gregory P. Hill: Yeah, sorry, took me a second to get off on mute. So Doug, as we talked before, the Gulf of Mexico remains an important cash engine and platform for growth for Hess. We have top quartile capability in both Deepwater drilling and project delivery in the Gulf. And so our objective is maintain that cash hub, sustained production and cash flow generation through both tie backs, and also selectively pursuing these high return hub glass exploration opportunities, hopefully, here on would be the first cap off the rank there. And as you said, we've been selectively rebuilding our Gulf of Mexico portfolio, acquire more than 60 lease blocks at that really low prices. And that's, again, that balance of high return tie back opportunities have class prospects, it remains a very important province for Hess, good returns in the Gulf of Mexico, and as I mentioned, we do have the capability to execute well, there. So it's a core hold for us. 
Doug Leggate: Okay, that's very clear. Appreciate the answer. My follow-up is actually a balance sheet question so it's probably John Rielly question. John, I'm just curious, when you think about the scale of the free cash flow that you're going to be able to generate, you still carry in absolute terms a sizable amount of debt. What do you see as the right level of debt, where does the priority sit in the cash return framework to actually bring that debt down to, let's say, sector leading levels like some of your peers, and they're talking about zero net debt, for example? 
John P. Rielly: Sure, Doug. So as you know, right, once we start up Liza Phase 2, we are going to pay off the remaining $500 million of that term loan. Then our next maturity because we've got a liquidity position is until 2024, and it's $300 million. We do intend, as you said with our rising free cash flow to pay off that maturity in 2024, and then we don't have really another debt maturity until 2027. So we're happy when we pay off that 2024 amount with the absolute level of debt that we have. And if we -- let me just say it like $65 Brent and we run this out, we bring Payara on and obviously other FPSOs, we're going to drive our leverage down to under 1 times debt to EBITDAX. That's gross, debt to EBITDAX. So we're going to have really a strong, low leverage position, improving credit metrics, as I mentioned earlier. So we are happy with that debt level, that absolute debt level as our EBITDAX grows from there. And so there's no real benefit. We've run NPVs on doing some things with either just doing paying off the debt at this point. But right now, with our low leverage, we are very comfortable with leaving the debt levels where they're at. And then like we said, with that balance sheet, so strong at that point and the rising free cash flow from Payara, from Yellowtail, from the development we will then increase returns to shareholders, obviously, with the rising free cash is more of that free cash flow return versus will be share repurchases, but we'll also be growing our dividend over the time too as well. So I think we're in a really good position for this with Guyana coming on these low-cost development, strong balance sheet, and increasing return of capital to shareholders.
Doug Leggate: Great, appreciate the answer fellows. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Good morning team. A couple of questions here. Good morning John. Our first one is around Liza 2. We're weeks away here from start-up. How do you think about any gating issues around the start-up and just can you give a sense from an operational standpoint, how is it going around construction at Payara as well, so just any thoughts around the logistics of getting these assets turned on?
John B. Hess: Yes, Greg, please.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure. So let me just talk about Phase 2 first. So we'll have 19 wells available at start-up. Those are all ready to go. All the risers have been recovered. So they're hooked up into their ports now. We've got a few left to commission so we've still got some commissioning of those risers. The FPSO topside readiness is nearly complete. So Neil, what that means is we are on track for that first quarter startup as we said in our opening remarks. And if you look at Payara, again, it's still relatively early in the project, but right now we're running slightly ahead of schedule in Payara. So I would say we're firmly on track for that 2024 startup. So the project is about 66% complete as we sit here today. So we're in good shape. But again, it's early days in Payara so I think the operator having some contingency in there is wise at this point, but on track for 2024 startup.
Neil Mehta: Thanks Greg and the follow-up here is for John, and John on the hedging strategy here. So you did provide an update around the collars and increased the ceiling price there. Just talk about how you think about the optimal way to approach hedging is and John, if you don't mind, tying that into your own view of the oil macro as you've been constructive, you were near 90 Brent, is anything changing for the better or the worse relative to what you've talked about over the last couple of months?
John P. Rielly: Sure, Niel. I'll start and then hand it over to John Hess. But our hedging strategy, it really is consistent with what we're doing with our past strategy. So as we continue to invest in our world-class opportunity in Guyana, we want to ensure that we have significant price protection, which we did in 2022. So just to reiterate, we have 90,000 barrels of oil per day with WTI puts at a floor of $60. And then we have 60,000 barrels a day of Brent puts at a floor of $65. Now this year, we did use high ceiling calls so we have a call at $100 for the WTI and $10 per Brent to reduce the cost of the program while retaining exposure basically to greater than $2 billion in additional cash flow in the case of higher oil prices above the hedged floor. So in addition, we haven't hedged all of our oil production and obviously, we have unhedged NGL and gas production as well that will benefit from higher prices. So when I say this is consistent with our strategy, we provide significant downside protection while also giving the majority of upside to our shareholders as we continue to invest the opportunity in Guyana.
John B. Hess: Yes, Neil. And obviously, it does reflect a constructive view on the market and very consistent with our approach of protecting the downside and giving the majority of the upside to our shareholders. On the macro oil outlook, on the demand side, V-shaped recovery, temporary setback of about 1 million barrels a day globally because of Omicron, starting to see cases going down, thank God. We think we'll be back at pre-COVID global demand levels of 100 million barrels a day in the next month or so. And as the year unfolds, we see jet demand increasing as international travel increases and probably see a number of about 102 million barrels a day by the end of 2022. Supply side is different, it's a U-shape recovery, more sticky. Shale is growing but at a more tempered pace function of the rig count of about 604 U.S. rigs operating. We think that adds about 750,000 barrels a day over the year of increased oil production. Remember, U.S. production probably end up at the end of the year about 12.2 million barrels a day, that's still short of the 13 million barrels a day we had pre-COVID. So shale is on the recovery, but not at pre-COVID levels in terms of absolute U.S. oil production. OPEC sounds like they're going to stick to their 400,000 barrels a day increases each month as has been written by a number of commentators. A couple of countries are not meeting their quotas there. So again, I'd say, disciplined tempered recovery in OPEC plus, discipline tempered recovery in shale all of which adds up to global oil inventories, which had been a year and half ago, in April, $1.2 billion excess inventories globally. That's all been eaten up and now we see global oil inventories about 200 million barrels less than pre-COVID levels. So as you go through this year, with demand increasing, inventory is tight, not much spare capacity in OPEC plus, we're pretty constructive on the oil market. And really, the oil price is giving a signal that investment has to increase, which is why I referred to the World Energy Outlook earlier.  Depending upon what scenario you pick, any credible scenario from the International Energy Agency, more investment is going to be needed to grow oil and gas supply to meet global oil and gas demand. And currently, we're not investing enough as an industry to do that. So we're going to have to have the right balance of being capital disciplined, returning capital to shareholders, but at the same time grow the resource and grow the production capacity of the world. So that's the challenge that we have ahead. And I think that also really presents a constructive oil market as the year unfolds.
Neil Mehta: Thanks John.
John B. Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank. You may proceed with your question. 
Paul Cheng: Hey guys, good morning. I guess two questions, one for Greg and the other one is for John Rielly. Greg, when you're looking at Fangtooth and other that you also have penetrated the different formation, is there anything you can tell us that in terms of the oil and gas ratio, in terms of the permeability, oil quality comparing to the more shale formation, is there any significant differences that we see or any kind of conclusion that you can share?
Gregory P. Hill: So Paul, I guess the first thing I'd say is the positive results at Fangtooth which was our first standalone deep exploration prospect and remember, it's up towards lease, so it's kind of in that country. So very good oil quality, and it confirms the deeper exploration potential of the Stabroek Block. So in the coming months, we're going to complete the analysis of that well, the Fangtooth well and then plan appraisal activities to really determine the best development approach. So generally, we see these deeper zones as being developed through a combination of standalone developments and tiebacks potentially to existing FPSOs. So very encouraged, very pleased by the results we saw at Fangtooth. Also remember, we had other penetrations prior to Fangtooth into those deeper zones that confirmed the same thing, good reservoir quality and good crude properties. So very excited. That's why we're going to drill a lot more wells in kind of the deeper prospectivity this year than years past. And so watch this space, but we're encouraged by the outcome in particular about Fangtooth.
Paul Cheng: Well, we understand that it's good, but is there any contrast or comparison you can provide in terms of the gas oil ratio, the grade of the oil and the permeability and the kind of data that you can share?
Gregory P. Hill: No, not at this point because again, we need to do some more analysis of the wells and do some more appraisal of particularly in the Fangtooth area.
Paul Cheng: Okay. The second question is for John Rielly that, by the fourth quarter you indicated that your unit cost is going to come down a lot because Guyana these are two went to the full capacity and all that. So what's the contract unit cost that you have by the fourth quarter in Guyana? And also that have you looked at -- I know you guys talking about next year that you may start the buyback. But have you between the variable dividend and the buyback and that the plus and minuses that have you -- that why you decided that variable dividend is not a better tool then the buyback is the right tool for the company? I'm not saying that it should be variable dividend. Just curious how the internal debate that has been the case?
John P. Rielly: Sure. So let me start with cash costs. So through the year, as I said and you mentioned, our unit costs will be dropping basically as Guyana Phase 2 comes online and it's lower cost. Let me just remind you where the costs are for Guyana. On Phase 1, obviously, it's a smaller boat and what we've been saying is that the cash cost per barrel there were $12. However, you did hear us mention that we're doing the production optimization work. So that 20 gross capacity is going up. So the cash cost per barrel for Phase 1 will be decreasing as that production optimization is completed. On Phase 2, the cash cost per barrel are $10 per barrel for Phase 2 when it is fully up and running. I also should mention that both of these is when we're leasing the FPSO. So Phase 2 will actually drop down to $7 to $8 post purchase of the FPSOs. But for this year around $10. So you have cash costs for Phase 2 $10 and you've got Phase 1 under $12. And what it does, along with increasing production in the Bakken is by the fourth quarter, our cash cost will drop to around $11 per barrel for the company in the fourth quarter. And then I'll pass it over to John.
John B. Hess: Yes. Paul, is some -- is that you, Paul?
Paul Cheng: Yes. Yes.
John B. Hess: Okay. Yes. No, we were getting some feedback. In terms of the dividend, we've done studies. We don't think the variable dividend sustains the creation of long-term value. We believe strengthening the base dividend and consistent share repurchases are a better way to go. And in terms of the timing on that, as I said, once Liza Phase 2 is up and producing, we paid the $500 million of remaining debt off from our term loan. We will increase our base dividend. We will start the process of that increase. And then as you look forward in time, further dividend increases and accelerating share repurchases will be a function of market conditions and the growth in our cash flow. So the framework for that will be very clear and I think something that will be very competitive.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you John. John Rielly, can I go back into your -- when you're talking about the Guyana unit cost, wondering that what is the time line in terms of when do you -- the consortium we designed to buy back the FPSO or that I mean, for both Liza 1 and Liza 2? And secondly, that when you're talking about those number, $12 for Phase 1, $10 for Phase 2, are those that -- what is the denominator on that, is that based on, say, in Phase 2, 220,000 barrels per day but your actual reported in your financial statement will be different or that this is what you expect to report in your financial statement?
John P. Rielly: Okay. So answering your last question first. Yes, that's what will be reported in our financial statements. So that's our, if you want to call it, our net cash cost on our entitlement production in Guyana. So those are those numbers. And as far as the FPSO purchases, the operator, ExxonMobil is still in discussions with SBN on the actual date of the purchases of the FPSOs. And we'll give you the specific timing of that when that is set. But having said that, as you noted, when our 2022 CAPEX release, we don't expect any purchases in 2022 or in 2023.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
John P. Rielly: You are welcome. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from David Deckelbaum with Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: Thanks John. Thank you guys for squeezing me in here. I will try to make it quick. I had one question just on the reserve report. It looked like your net additions were organically at the drill bit, like $241 million, where you noted in the press release were primarily from the Bakken. Is that just reflecting increased gas capture or have there been some performance revisions there as well?
John B. Hess: John...
Gregory P. Hill: No, there have been -- go ahead.
John B. Hess: Go ahead, Greg. You go first.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So look, there were both performance additions in the Bakken plus we brought additional wells into our five-year plan due to price increase, which was 107. But then the other wells bringing in. So if you look at the Bakken, we had adds of about $209 million and then the price of about $119 million, specifically to Bakken, right? So both performance adds and also bringing additional wells into the five-year plan.
David Deckelbaum: Great, thanks. Appreciate the color on that, Greg. And then maybe for John, just my last question. Just around -- you've laid out the time line for paying down the $500 million term loan. I noted the fact that you don't really have that many maturities beyond. As, I guess, the free cash profile ramps here, you talked about getting sub one times leverage which we have on our numbers at a run rate sort of in that 2Q, 3Q time frame, should we be thinking about investment grade sort of coinciding sort of with midyear? And how do you think about the tangible benefits from that outside of the obvious of refinancing some of that higher cost debt stack?
John P. Rielly: So again, with our growing free cash flow and obviously, our growing cash flow and our growing free cash flow, our debt metrics are going to significantly improve as -- and basically, as each FPSOs comes on. And like I said, we are targeting to be on a gross debt to EBITDAX under one, and we will achieve that as the cash flow grows. Now I can't specifically say with the rating agencies on timing. Obviously, we are investment grade with two of them, and we're below on one, but have a positive outlook with the one. So I do expect, as our cash flow improves, that we'll become investment grade and actually we'll improve from where we are today as our cash flow grows. So what we try to do from our own strategy standpoint is we want to have a strong balance sheet, obviously, to fund the growing resource base that we have and also for further return to shareholders. So from our standpoint, that will be the outcome of our strategy of having a low leverage, strong liquidity position, which you mentioned as well. And then as each FPSO comes on, it will just continue to improve and it will improve our credit metrics as well as still providing increasing cash returns to shareholders. So the portfolio is set to be in a nice spot. As John has mentioned earlier, it is kind of the inflection year, and we'll expect to grow on it from here.
David Deckelbaum: Appreciate the answers guys. 
John B. Hess: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Good, thanks. Maybe just a couple of quick ones. I know as we think about the medium-term outlook in the Bakken, I know you've talked about eventually wanted to get back to a four-rig program and a production plateau closer to 200,000 barrels a day. How much impact does the price of oil have on the timing of adding a fourth rig, is that something that would be possible by the end of this year, if prices stay high or is that further down the line?
John B. Hess: Go ahead, Greg.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Again, Ryan, I think as we've talked before, the role of the Bakken in the portfolio is to be a cash engine. So any decisions on pace or timing of addition of the fourth rig is going to depend upon corporate cash flow needs and also returns. Now having said that, assuming prices hold at this relatively high level, we would look to add that fourth rig next year. And by doing so, we could then take the Bakken to 200,000 barrels a day and with the inventory we have at four rigs, we could hold that flat at broadly that 200,000 barrels a day for almost a decade with that fourth rig. Now at 200,000 barrels a day, we really maximize utilization of the infrastructure. So that would be another objective to fill that infrastructure up and, of course, at these prices the Bakken becomes this massive cash generator. And at that 200,000 barrels a day, even at $60 to $65, it generates about $1 billion of free cash flow. So you can see the real cash firepower of the Bakken.
Ryan Todd: Thanks Greg. And then maybe -- I appreciate the comments on cost inflation and well cost in the Bakken earlier. As you think about the rest of the portfolio, any comments on what you're seeing in terms of service or material cost in place in an offshore environment, particularly as we think about upcoming potential project sanctions?
John B. Hess: Greg, please?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure. So like the onshore, we're also seeing some inflation in the offshore. However, recall the majority of our offshore portfolio right now is driven by Guyana. And of course, the projects currently in development are covered by EPC contracts that were largely insulated from cost increases in the offshore -- current cost increases in the offshore plus ExxonMobil with this design one build strategy is just doing an outstanding job of delivering efficiencies across that portfolio down there as well. If you look at our -- in the Gulf of Mexico, the rig that's going to drill the Heron well, $255,000 day rate. So I think that still reflects the low cost on a relative basis of the offshore drilling.
Ryan Todd: Thanks for the help.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett: Good morning all. I had a question around Payara, and I'm going to try to type a date and a percent completion. So if I'm not incorrect, Payara was sanctioned maybe five quarters ago. First production is expected maybe eight-plus quarters from now, but at the same time, it's 66% complete. So if those numbers are right, can you talk about maybe the rate limiting steps for Payara and maybe for future developments?
John B. Hess: Good morning Bob, great question. Greg, it's yours.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure, yes. Bob, so Payara, I think, what's different about Payara is there are three offshore installation campaigns. So yes, the project is 66% complete. But because there are three installation campaigns, you will build a little bit more contingency into that project because while you don't have hurricane issues or anything down there, you do have some current issues, offshore currents during the installation campaign. So that's why there's still contingency in Payara. We agree with the operator that that's the appropriate thing to do at this stage of the project. And so we are firmly on track for a 2024 startup. A little ahead right now, but again, it's early days.
Bob Brackett: Understood. Is there a good rule of thumb for the number of development wells, a drillship in Guyana can do in a year?
Gregory P. Hill: You mean in terms of drilling?
Bob Brackett: Yes.
Gregory P. Hill: No Bob, it's really kind of bespoke. Some of these horizontals are longer than other ones, for example in some of these developments. So there's not a great rule of thumb that I would say because, again, each development is very bespoke on not only the length of the horizontals, but also what reservoirs they're tapping into as well.
Bob Brackett: Okay, fair point. And thanks all. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Noel Parks with Tuohy Brothers.
Noel Parks: Good morning. I just had a general question about the exploratory program this year. I was wondering what's the next most informative data point you're looking for out of the program because there's quite some large step-outs there so there's a possibility for aerial expansion. And then it also sounds like some of the particular formations you're going at are, I believe, the first time you're going to be tapping them in Guyana. And so I was wondering if any of these really opens up a lot of new doors, if it meets or surprises your expectations?
John B. Hess: Yes. Greg?
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think again, the objectives of this year's program is A) to continue to do kind of the upper Campanion expiration, but also most importantly is to get more penetrations in the deep. So the deep penetrations that we're going to be watching closely, and these are wells that we're going to spud in the first quarter are Barreleye 1 which is a lower Campanian primary target, but it's also got some shallower things as well. And then Tarpon 1 which is another lower Campanion well plus deeper Jurassic carbonate feature that we see. And then kind of in the upper Campanion space is Lukanani-1 but it also has some objectives in the lower Campanian reservoirs. And then finally, Patwa-1 which has got some targets in the upper cretaceous reservoir. So you can see it's a mixture play types. So I wouldn't want to call one out specifically and say, "Oh, that's the most significant." They're all significant in this year's program. They're all very promising wells on seismic.
Noel Parks: And then are most of those deeper targets then, things that you've identified largely through seismic or are any of them -- are your expectations informed any of them by actual analogies you have or have already seen?
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think they're all -- they all have seismic features, right. So the primary driver down here is their seismic signature. Now obviously, as we've gotten more data in the deep, we're getting better at teasing out what that seismic is going to show us. And the additional data we pick up from these deeper wells will improve that even more kind of as we go forward.
Noel Parks: Okay, great. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from David Heikkinen with Pickering Energy.
David Heikkinen: Good morning guys and really just making sure that I'm thinking about this correctly. You all continue to be cash taxpayers in the U.S. and Malaysia and then continue to build a cost pool at a faster pace given your spending in the ring fencing in Guyana for the next couple of years. Just thinking $80-plus oil 2022 and 2023 is, you got this, call it, the hug of higher oil prices but a bunch of higher cash taxes, but you're already essentially a full payer is the way we're thinking about it, is that correct?
John P. Rielly: David, no. So for us, we are not cash taxpayers in the U.S. We have a net operating loss carryforward. And I would -- yes, I don't see us paying cash taxes even with these high prices, let's just say, for five years and beyond. So that's where we are in the U.S. The only place that we really are paying cash taxes is in Southeast Asia, and that's -- it's a small amount in the portfolio.
David Heikkinen: I think I said that opposite. Sorry, I got a little brain...
John P. Rielly: No, no. The only thing you would see is in our -- when you're looking at it because I always do it ex-Libya. Libya obviously has a 93.5% tax rate. So that's the one place that we are paying cash taxes. And then the Guyana taxes are actually within the PSC. So it's in the economics and in our net entitlement so we pay them there.
David Heikkinen: Yes, you just keep building a cost pool for the next three years even at these prices.
John P. Rielly: Correct.
David Heikkinen: Yes. Okay, thanks guys. I think I said that opposite. My apologies. 
John B. Hess: No, no problem. 
David Heikkinen: You have answered my question. Thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from Phillips Johnston with Capital One.
Phillips Johnston: Hey guys, thanks. Just one question for Greg on the production outlook. You guys have a large ramp throughout the year, and I know you don't give specific guidance on oil production, but just wondering if you could help us with the oil mix in both the Bakken and the Gulf of Mexico and how those numbers should trend throughout the year? I realized the Bakken mix can fluctuate depending on gas capture and NGL prices, but just from a high-level perspective, should we stick with around 50% of the Bakken and around 65% or so for the Gulf of Mexico for the rest of the year?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So let's address the Bakken first. So first of all, the mix at the wellhead is constant at around 65% and will be for the next several years for us in the Bakken. And that's because we still have a lot of undeveloped well locations. Now you're right, when you get to the corporate results, it goes to 50% and that's because of increased gas capture and our third-party volumes and our pup contracts and all that, that's how you get to the 50%. So at a corporate level, broadly, you could assume that that's going to be the same mix. And you're on target for the Gulf of Mexico kind of that 65% or so mix in the Gulf.
Phillips Johnston: Okay, perfect. Thanks Greg. 
Gregory P. Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2021 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Josh, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Josh. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on todays conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. In case there are any audio issues, we will be posting transcripts of each speakers prepared remarks on our website following the presentation. Ill now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. Today, I will review our continued progress in executing our strategy. Greg Hill then will discuss our operations, and John Rielly will cover our financial results. With COP26 beginning this Sunday, it is appropriate to address the energy transition. Climate change is the greatest scientific undertaking of the 21st century. The world has two challenges: to grow our global energy supply by about 20% in the next 20 years; and to reach net zero emissions by 2050. The International Energy Agency published its latest World Energy Outlook earlier this month, which provides four scenarios to shed light on these challenges. It is important to remember that these are scenarios, not forecasts, to help guide policymakers and business leaders in their decision making. In all four scenarios, oil and gas will still be needed in the decades to come. Significantly more investment will be required to meet the worlds growing energy needs, much more in renewables and much more in oil and gas. A reasonable estimate for global oil and gas investment from these IEA scenarios is at least $400 billion each year over the next 10 years. Last year, that number was $300 billion. This years estimate is $340 billion. To ensure a successful and orderly energy transition, we need to have climate literacy, energy literacy and economic literacy. Our strategy is to grow our resource base, have a low cost of supply and sustain cash flow growth, while delivering industry leading environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure. By investing only in high return, low cost opportunities, we have built a differentiated and focused portfolio that is balanced between short cycle and long cycle assets. Our cash engines are the Bakken, the Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia, where we have competitively advantaged assets and operating capabilities. Guyana is our growth engine and is on track to become a significant cash engine in the coming years as multiple phases of low cost oil developments come on line. Also, by adding a third rig in the Bakken in September and completing the turnaround and expansion of the Tioga Gas Plant, the Bakken is expected to generate significant free cash flow in the years ahead. By successfully executing our strategy, our Company is positioned to deliver strong and durable cash flow growth through the end of the decade. Based upon the most recent sell side consensus estimates, our cash flow is estimated to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 42% between 2020 and 2023, which is 50% above our peers and puts us in the top 5% of the S&P 500. As our portfolio generates increasing free cash flow, we will first prioritize debt reduction and then cash returns to shareholders through dividend increases and opportunistic share repurchases. We have continued to maintain financial strength as well as managing for risk. As of September 30th, we had $2.4 billion of cash on the balance sheet. In July, we prepaid half of our $1 billion term loan maturing in March 2023, and we plan to repay the remaining $500 million in 2022. This debt reduction combined with the startup of Liza Phase 2 early next year is expected to drive our debt to EBITDAX ratio under 2 and also enable us to consider increasing cash returns to shareholders. In August, we completed the sale of our interests in Denmark for a total consideration of $150 million, effective January 1, 2021 and received $375 million in proceeds from Hess Midstreams buyback of Class B units from its sponsors, Hess Corporation and Global Infrastructure Partners. Earlier this month, our company also received net proceeds of $108 million from the public offering of Hess-owned Class A shares of Hess Midstream. The Denmark sale and these midstream monetizations brought material value forward and further strengthened our cash and liquidity position. Key to our long-term strategy is Guyana, one of the industrys best investments. On the Stabroek Block, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator, we announced the 19th and 20th significant discoveries during the third quarter at Whiptail and Pinktail, and on October 7th we announced the 21st significant discovery on the block at Cataback. These discoveries will underpin our queue of future low cost oil developments. We see the potential for at least six FPSOs on the Stabroek Block producing more than 1 million gross barrels of oil per day in 2027, and up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources on the block. On October 7th, we increased the gross discovered recoverable resource estimate for the block to approximately 10 billion barrels of oil equivalent, up from the previous estimate of more than 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent, and we continue to see multibillion barrels of future exploration potential remaining. In terms of our current Guyana developments, gross production from the Liza Phase 1 complex averaged 124,000 barrels of oil per day in the third quarter. The Liza Phase 2 development is on track for startup in early 2022 with a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day, and the Liza Unity FPSO arrived in Guyana on Monday. Our third development on the Stabroek Block at the Payara Field is on track to achieve first oil in 2024, also with a gross capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day. Our three sanctioned oil developments have a breakeven Brent oil price of between $25 and $35 per barrel. The Plan of Development for our fourth development on the block at Yellowtail was recently submitted to the Government of Guyana for approval. Pending government approvals, the project is envisioned to have a gross capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day with first oil in 2025. Turning to sustainability, we are proud to be recognized as an industry leader in our environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure. Earlier this month, our Company received a triple-A rating in the MSCI ESG ratings for 2021 after earning double-A ratings for the previous 10 consecutive years. The triple-A rating designates Hess as a leader in managing industry specific ESG risks relative to peers and reflects our strong management practices to reduce carbon emissions as well as our top quartile performance in areas such as biodiversity and land use, reduction of air and water emissions and waste, and making a positive impact on the communities where we operate. In summary, we remain focused on executing our strategy and achieving strong operational and ESG performance. Our Company is uniquely positioned to deliver cash flow growth over the next decade that is not only industry-leading but which we believe will rank among the best in the S&P 500. After our term loan is paid off and our portfolio generates increasing free cash flow, we will prioritize return of capital to our shareholders through dividend increases and opportunistic share repurchases. Thank you. And I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. In the third quarter, we continued to deliver strong operational performance, meeting our production targets despite extended hurricane related downtime in the Gulf of Mexico and safely executing a major turnaround at our Tioga Gas Plant in North Dakota. Companywide net production averaged 265,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, in line with our guidance. In the fourth quarter and for the full year 2021, we expect companywide net production to average approximately 295,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Turning to the Bakken, third quarter net production averaged 148,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This was above our guidance of approximately 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and primarily reflected strong execution of the Tioga Gas Plant turnaround and expansion, no small task in a COVID environment that required strict adherence to extensive safety protocols to keep more than 650 workers safe. For the fourth quarter, we expect Bakken net production to average between 155,000 and 160,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full year 2021, we forecast our Bakken net production to average approximately 155,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, compared to our previous guidance range of 155,000 to 160,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This guidance reflects an increase in NGL prices, which reduces volumes under our percentage of proceeds contracts, but significantly increases this years earnings and cash flow. In the third quarter, we drilled 18 wells and brought 19 new wells on line. In the fourth quarter, we expect to drill approximately 19 wells and to bring approximately 18 new wells on line. And for the full year 2021, we continue to expect to drill approximately 65 wells and to bring approximately 50 new wells on line. In terms of drilling and completion costs, although we have experienced some cost inflation, we are maintaining our full-year average forecast of $5.8 million per well in 2021. Since February, we had been operating two rigs, but given the improvement in oil prices and our robust inventory of high-return drilling locations, we added a third rig in September. Moving to a three-rig program will allow us to grow cash flow and production, better optimize our in-basin infrastructure and drive further reductions in our unit cash costs. Now, moving to the offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, third quarter net production averaged 32,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, compared to our guidance range of 35,000 to 40,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our results reflected an extended period of recovery following Hurricane Ida, which caused power outages at transportation and processing facilities downstream of our platforms. Production was restored at all of our facilities by the end of September. In the fourth quarter, we forecast Gulf of Mexico net production to average between 40,000 and 45,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full year 2021, our forecast for Gulf of Mexico net production remains approximately 45,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In Southeast Asia, net production in the third quarter was 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, in line with our guidance of 50,000 to 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting the impact of planned maintenance shutdowns and lower nominations due to COVID. Fourth quarter net production is forecast to average approximately 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and our full year 2021 net production forecast remains at approximately 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now, turning to Guyana. In the third quarter, gross production from Liza Phase 1 averaged 124,000 barrels of oil per day or 32,000 barrels of oil per day, net to Hess. Replacement of the flash gas compression system on the Liza Destiny with a modified design is planned for the fourth quarter and production optimization work is now planned to take place in the first quarter of 2022. These two projects are expected to result in higher production capacity and reliability. Net production from Liza Phase 1 is forecast to average approximately 30,000 barrels of oil per day in the fourth quarter and for the full year 2021. The Liza Phase 2 development will utilize the 220,000 barrels of oil per day Unity FPSO, which arrived in Guyana Monday evening. Next steps will be mooring line installation and umbilical and riser hook up. First oil remains on track for first quarter 2022. Turning to our third development at Payara, the Prosperity FPSO hull entered the Keppel Yard in Singapore on August 1st. Topsides fabrication at Dyna-Mac and development drilling are underway. The overall project is approximately 60% complete. The Prosperity will have a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day and is on track to achieve first oil in 2024. As for our fourth development at Yellowtail, earlier this month the joint venture submitted the plan of development to the Government of Guyana. Pending government approvals and project sanctioning, the Yellowtail project will utilize an FPSO with a gross capacity of approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day. First oil is targeted for 2025. As John mentioned, we announced three discoveries since July. In July, we announced that the Whiptail1 and 2 wells encountered 246 feet and 167 feet of high quality, oil bearing sandstone reservoirs, respectively. This discovery is located approximately 4 miles southeast of Uaru-1 and 3 miles west of Yellowtail. In September, we announced that the Pinktail-1 well, located approximately 22 miles southeast of Liza-1, encountered 220 feet of high quality, oil bearing sandstone reservoirs. And finally, earlier this month, we announced a discovery at Cataback, located approximately 4 miles east of Turbot-1. The well encountered 243 feet of high quality hydrocarbon bearing reservoirs, of which approximately 102 feet was oil bearing. These discoveries further underpin future developments and contributed to the increase of estimated gross discovered recoverable resources on the Stabroek Block to approximately 10 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Exploration and appraisal activities in the fourth quarter will include drilling the Fangtooth-1 exploration well, located approximately 11 miles northwest of Liza-1. This well is a significant step-out test that will target deeper Campanian and Santonian aged reservoirs. Appraisal activities will include Drill Stem Tests at Longtail-2 and Whiptail-2, as well as drilling the Tripletail-2 well. In closing, we have once again demonstrated strong execution and delivery, and are well positioned to deliver significant value to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the third quarter of 2021 to the second quarter of 2021. We had net income of $115 million in the third quarter of 2021 compared with a net loss of $73 million in the second quarter of 2021. On an adjusted basis, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, we had net income of $86 million in the third quarter of 2021 compared to net income of $74 million in the second quarter of 2021. Third quarter earnings include an after-tax gain of $29 million from the sale of our interests in Denmark. Turning to E&P. On an adjusted basis, E&P had net income of $149 million in the third quarter of 2021 compared to net income of $122 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the third quarter and second quarter of 2021 were as follows: Higher realized crude oil, NGL and natural gas selling prices increased earnings by $110 million; lower sales volumes reduced earnings by $147 million; lower DD&A expense increased earnings by $37 million; lower cash costs increased earnings by $14 million; lower exploration expenses increased earnings by $10 million; all other items increased earnings by $3 million for an overall increase in third quarter earnings of $27 million. Sales volumes in the third quarter were lower than the second quarter, primarily due to hurricane-related downtime in the Gulf of Mexico, planned maintenance downtime and lower nominations in Malaysia, and lower sales in the Bakken, resulting from the planned Tioga Gas Plant maintenance turnaround. In Guyana, we sold three 1 million barrel cargos of oil in the third quarter, up from two 1 million barrel cargos of oil sold in the second quarter. For the third quarter, our E&P sales volumes were underlifted compared with production by approximately 175,000 barrels, which had an insignificant impact on our after-tax results for the quarter. Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $61 million in the third quarter of 2021 compared with $76 million in the prior quarter. Third quarter results included costs related to the Tioga Gas Plant maintenance turnaround that was safely and successfully completed. Midstream EBITDA, before non-controlling interests, amounted to $203 million in the third quarter of 2021 compared with $229 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position. At quarter-end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $2.41 billion, and total liquidity was $6 billion including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $6.1 billion. During the third quarter we received net proceeds of $375 million from the sale of 15.6 million Hess-owned Class B units of Hess Midstream and proceeds of approximately $130 million from the sale of our interests in Denmark. In July, we prepaid $500 million of our $1 billion term loan and we plan to repay the remaining $500 million in 2022. In October, we received net proceeds of approximately $108 million from the public offering of 4.3 million Hess-owned Class A shares of Hess Midstream. Our ownership in Hess Midstream on a consolidated basis is approximately 44%, compared with 46% prior to these two recent transactions. In the third quarter, net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $631 million compared with $659 million in the second quarter. In the third quarter, net cash provided by operating activities after changes in operating assets and liabilities was $615 million compared with $785 million in the second quarter. Changes in operating assets and liabilities during the third quarter decreased net cash provided by operating activities by $16 million compared with an increase of $126 million in the second quarter. Now, turning to guidance, first for E&P. Our E&P cash costs were $12.76 per barrel of oil equivalent including Libya and $13.45 per barrel of oil equivalent excluding Libya in the third quarter of 2021. We project E&P cash costs, excluding Libya to be in the range of $12 to $12.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter, and $11.75 to $12 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year, compared to previous full year guidance of $11 to $12 per barrel of oil equivalent. The updated guidance reflects the impact of higher realized selling prices in 2021, which significantly improved cash flow, but reduced volumes received under percentage of proceeds contracts and increased production taxes in the Bakken. DD&A expense was $11.77 per barrel of oil equivalent including Libya and $12.38 per barrel of oil equivalent excluding Libya in the third quarter. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $13 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter and the full year is expected to be in the range of $12.50 to $13 per barrel of oil equivalent. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $25 to $26 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter and $24.25 to $25 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2021. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $160 million for the full year, which is at the lower end of our previous full year guidance of $160 million to $170 million. The midstream tariff is projected to be approximately $295 million for the fourth quarter and approximately $1,095 million for the full year. E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million for the fourth quarter and the full year is expected to be in the range of $135 million to $140 million, which is up from previous guidance of $125 million to $135 million, reflecting higher commodity prices. We expect non-cash option premium amortization will be approximately $65 million for the fourth quarter. For the year 2022, we have purchased WTI collars for 90,000 barrels of oil per day barrels of oil per day with a floor price of $60 per barrel and a ceiling price of $90 per barrel. We have also entered into Brent collars for 60,000 barrels of oil per day with a floor price of $65 per barrel and a ceiling price of $95 per barrel. The cost of this 2022 hedge program is $161 million, which will be amortized ratably over 2022. During the fourth quarter, we expect to sell two 1 million barrel cargos of oil from Guyana. Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $650 million in the fourth quarter. Full year guidance remains unchanged at approximately $1.9 billion. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be approximately $70 million for the fourth quarter and the full year is projected to be approximately $280 million, which is the midpoint of our previous guidance of $275 million to $285 million. Turning to corporate. Corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million for the fourth quarter and the full year is expected to be in the range of $125 million to $130 million, which is down from our previous guidance of $130 million to $140 million. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $90 million to $95 million for the fourth quarter and the full year is expected to be in the range of $375 million to $380 million, compared to our previous guidance of approximately $380 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JP Morgan.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning. Greg, I wanted to maybe start with you on Liza Phase 2. You mentioned that the ship got to the Stabroek block on Monday. But just using Liza Phase 1 as a guide, can you give us a sense around how many days, months do you think you could be the first oil?
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So, thanks for the question, Arun. Remember now that its arrived in water, the first thing that we have to do is more to the seafloor. And then obviously, theres a lot of flow lines and risers and umbilicals to get hooked up to the vessel. So, what I would say is we are firmly on track for an early 2022 start-up, and dont think I could be more definitive than that, but early 2022 looks like very possible.
Arun Jayaram: Great, great. And then, my follow-up, Greg, maybe for you as well. One of the questions from the buy side is just around overall inflation, and just how to think about some of the inflationary pressures, raw materials, et cetera, on future phases of the project. I know that youre in the market now with Exxon on Yellowtail. And then one of your key subsea provider did put some color around the subsea kit that they expect around Yellowtail and Uaru. They cited maybe a $500 million to $1 billion range for Yellowtail and a little bit over $1 billion for Uaru. So, just maybe you could just help us think about inflationary pressures, Greg?
Greg Hill: Sure. I think first of all, yes, there is inflation going on. I think theres a couple of things we have to remember. First of all, for the first three phases, which you mentioned, those are under existing EPC contracts. So, were basically insulated from cost increases on those EPC contracts? And then, ExxonMobil is doing an extraordinary job I think of utilizing this design one, build many strategy, to deliver efficiencies. Now, on the Yellowtail, we still dont have the final numbers. So, once that project is sanctioned, well give the market color on what the costs are. I do think its important to remember the nature of the PSC though. So by the time you get the Yellowtail, the efficiency of the PSC is so rapid that any cost increases rapidly get recovered. So, the impact on overall project return is not very much at all, right, because of that superefficient PSC. And the breakevens for Yellowtail, we project even with some cost increases, well be in the -- firmly in the $25 to $32 barrel range. So, one of the best projects on the planet, even with some potential cost increases. Great project.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Guys, I know you havent given a 2022 outlook yet. But, given the oil price recovery that weve seen and the very smart hedges, I think you guys have put in place. I go back to the CapEx guidance that you gave in 2018 at your Strategy Day. And I wonder if I could just ask you to give us a kind of framework as to how we should think about the spending trajectory? And if I may, embedded in that question, be blunt with you that I think theres some concern over the cost, the sticker shock on Yellowtail. So, if I threw out a number and said where we should be thinking something in the $12 billion type of range, would that be off the mark?
John Rielly: Doug, let me start with just giving some color on our capital for 2022. Now, you know, obviously, we will finalize that and well give our full guidance in January. But from a directional standpoint, lets start with the Bakken. Weve added a rig there. Rule of thumb, when we add a rig, its approximately $200 million when we add a rig in the Bakken. Were also -- to your point, with the higher prices, were seeing more ballots for non-operated wells. So, for that, we could see an increase of approximately $50 million in our non-op JV wells next year. So, if youre looking at Bakken, approximately $250 million of a capital increase as we look at next year, obviously, with a pickup in production and an increasing cash flow that will also as well coming from Bakken. In Guyana, we expect our development spend. So, we went into the year with the guide with $780 million for our development spend in Guyana. Were going to come in under that. And so, let me just say well probably be approximately $750 million on our Guyana development spend this year. So, with Liza Phase 2 and a continued development on Payara, and well begin spending on Yellowtail, we think its approximately $1 billion will be the Guyana capital for the developments next year. So approximately, again, another $250 million there. The other areas then are Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia. So, on the Gulf of Mexico, were basically not spending much money at all this year in the Gulf of Mexico. And we typically spend $150 million to $200 million. And we do plan to drill a tieback well and one exploration well next year. And in Southeast Asia, were looking to complete our Phase 3 and Phase 4 developments in North Malay Basin. So, well have some increase there. So, Id say combined, those will be about $200 million. So Ive got $500 million from Bakken and Guyana, $200 million Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia. But I have to remind everyone, well have Liza Phase 2 coming on line. And so, Ill just do -- I always do that simple math, when Liza Phase 2 comes on in full and we have our share of 220,000 barrels of oil per day, were basically -- and Im just going to use a $60 Brent price and about a $10 cash cost. We pick up $1 billion of additional cash flow from Liza Phase 2 alone when that comes on. And then, obviously, you have Payara and Yellowtail. So, well get much more cash flow as each FPSO comes on. So, thats a directional. Well update in January. John, do you want to talk on Yellowtail?
John Hess: Yes. And Doug on Yellowtail well, the FTP has been submitted to the government, and it is higher cost. I think everybody needs to realize that this FPSO is going to have capacity approximately 250,000 barrels of oil per day on a gross basis. It will be our largest oil development to date in Guyana. And while its cost will be higher, the resource we are developing is significantly higher. And this development has simply outstanding financial returns, some of the best in the industry, as Greg mentioned, and a breakeven cost between $25 and $32 per barrel Brent. So, its outstanding economics. Yes, the costs are higher, but the resource were recovering is much higher, and these are some of the best economics in the industry.
Doug Leggate: So, I wouldnt [Technical Difficulty] anyone at $12 billion
John Hess: I wont comment on that. Lets let the FTP be approved, and then well announce the official number.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. My follow-up, hopefully a quick one. And that really is on Yellowtail. You mentioned the 250,000 is now being confirmed in the release, EIX, its still 220,000, 250,000. Greg, I just want to just check in with you on how should we think about production optimization on all of these FPSOs? Is it 10% to 15%, in other words, above the nameplate?
Greg Hill: Yes, Doug. So, I think based on -- again, this is just my experience being in this business 38 years. I would think that for developments of these sizes and everyone will be bespoke, so everyone will be a little bit different. But I think a range of 10% to 20% capacity for debottlenecking or capacity increases. This is a reasonable expectation. Again, everyone will be a little bit bespoke. Youll wait and get some dynamic data to see where the bottlenecks are. But, I dont think thats an unreasonable expectation for future vessels. And I think the second point is, remember, these increases in capacity are typically achieved for very low investment. And obviously, with PSC, the rapid cost recovery, these are very profitable things to do.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: I think previously that the expectation of the debottleneck in Liza-1 will be doing at the same time as the turnaround, and now, its being separate and push it to the first quarter. Is there any particular reason for that decision?
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes. So, Paul, as you said, the optimization work on Destiny is now planned for the first quarter. This was simply deferred to allow other planned maintenance and inspection work to be done concurrently, which is much more efficient. So, the operator just pushed it to get some efficiencies and completing a bunch of other work at the same time while they had the vessel down, which we fully support.
Paul Cheng: Would that be more efficient that when the vessel is done, then you do the optimization? I mean, Im actually surprised you say it will be more efficient to separate into two events.
John Hess: No, it wont. Thats what I meant, Paul, is that when we take it down to do the optimization, ExxonMobil wanted to do some other work while the vessel was down. So, pulling some work forward, some maintenance work that was scheduled for later in the year, by doing that all at the same time concurrently, its just much more efficient. And so, they needed parts and pieces and et cetera and thats why it got pushed to the first quarter.
Paul Cheng: And Greg, I think originally, when you signed the agreement with the Guyana government, at some point that you guys are supposed to develop the gas resource there. I mean, now that I think up to Yellowtail, it doesnt seem so you guys are going to do it. So, any game plan when that the gas will need to be developed or that means time line still subject to the negotiation with the government?
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes. So, I think theres two pieces, Paul. So, the first piece is the gas to energy project, right? Its going to be a slip stream of gas, if you will, 50 million to 100 million cubic feet a day pipeline to shore that is -- would supply gas in onshore power plant to generate lower cost, cleaner, more reliable energy for the benefit of the people on it. That project is in the design phase right now. And once its done, then well share the details of the project after a sanction. Regarding the long-term gas solution, which is what I think you were referring to, there are studies out today, but its way out in the future, Paul. So, its not anything certainly we need to worry about the next five years, potentially even well beyond that, so. But, there are studies going on. Because remember, the highest value of the gas is pressure maintenance of these reservoirs significantly increase recovery. And the other unique part about the gas is its miscible. So, there will be an enhanced oil recovery effect as a result of putting that gas back in the reservoir. So, the highest and most beneficial use, if you will, of that gas is actually reinjection.
Paul Cheng: And the final question for me, I think, its for John. John, I think you mentioned that once that your net debt to EBITDA get to say below 2 times, you will consider increasing the cash return to shareholders. And at that point that how should we look at it? I mean, is there ways youre targeting that the incremental cash flow, say 50% still going to the balance sheet and 50% for incremental cash return to shareholder, or any kind of estimate that you can share? And also, at that point, should we assume that the main vehicle is going to be buyback, or its just going to be increasing the common dividend, or that is the variable dividend? How should we be looking at those?
John Hess: Sure. So, our strategy remains the same, and you said it, basically would get Phase 2 on line, we pay off the remaining part of the term loan. And our debt to EBITDAX will be below 2 at that point, and well begin increasing returns to shareholders. What were going to do first with the returns is increase our dividend. Well start there. And then, obviously, as each FPSO comes on, we get significant -- as I mentioned earlier, another $1 billion with IR, another $1 billion with Yellowtail, will have an increasing free cash flow. Well still progressively increase the dividend. But when we have that free cash flow, the majority of that will go back to shareholders. And that point, well be looking at opportunistic share repurchases.
Paul Cheng: John, when youre talking about that once you drop below 2 times, I suppose that your ultimate target will be much below 2 times EBITDA ratio. So, what is that ultimate ratio you want? Is it less than 1-time or less than half a multiple point?
John Hess: Yes. Im going to answer it two ways. So, once we do get under 2, we are comfortable with our absolute debt levels. We have -- our liquidity is very good. We have a 300 maturity -- $300 million maturity coming in 2024. Our next maturity is into 2027. So, well continue. We can pay off the maturity as they come due. And then, what will happen is because the EBITDA just increases so much with each FPSO, will drive under 1 time fairly quickly actually when these FPSOs come on line. So yes, we do want to be below 1. And look, we can do that at various commodity prices, just again due to the great returns that we have in Guyana.
Operator: And your next question comes from Phillips Johnston with Capital One.
Phillips Johnston: Just one for me. I guess, on last quarters call, we did touch on your strategic thoughts around test Hess Midstream, but I just wanted to follow up on the topic, just given the size of that asset. It seems like you guys obviously want to get your Bakken volumes up to that optimal level of 200,000 a day before plateauing at that level. Once that occurs and once operational and marketing control of Midstream is perhaps less critical, would you think it makes sense to harvest that asset just by selling it to a third party and freeing up capital in the process just to potentially return that to shareholders?
Greg Hill: Phillips, I mean, we are very happy with our midstream investment and GIP is two. So, the midstream continues to add what we believe is differentiated value to our E&P assets. Like you said, being able to get it up to 200,000 barrels a day, also with that maintaining the operational and marketing control, it provides takeaway optionality for us to high-value markets. And as John mentioned earlier, were very focused on minimizing our mission. So, it gives us the ability to increase our gas capture and drive down flaring. So, both GIP and Hess remain committed to maximizing the long-term value of Hess Midstream. So, the offerings we did, we had the secondary in Q1 and earlier this month, they were designed to increase the float, as Midstream get their liquidity up there. And the Q3 buyback actually helped Hess Midstream optimize its capital structure, getting to that 3 times leverage position. So, pro forma for these transactions, Hess Midstream, it maintains a strong credit position and it has continuing free cash flow after distributions. So, it will continue to have that low leverage and ample balance sheet capacity because with the free cash flow, well continue to drive that leverage down. So, that can support future growth there on the Midstream side or incremental return of capital to its shareholders, including Hess. So basically, what were talking about is continuing what weve been doing here with Hess Midstream.
John Hess: And to be clear, our objective is to maximize the value of Hess Midstream to Hess and also maximize the value of Hess Midstream to its unitholders and GIP as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Kickoff question is on hedging. And you made some progress in terms of 2022 and implemented this collar strategy. Can you just talk high level why you thought that was the appropriate way to attack hedging? And it does appear to still leave you a lot of optionality on the upside while protecting your downside, but maybe kick off there.
John Rielly: Sure. So, I mean, our hedge strategy, I mean, this is for 2022. Its consistent with our past strategy. We look to provide significant downside protection to put -- do this while also giving the majority of upside to our shareholders. And were looking for that price protection as we continue to fund our world class investment opportunity in Guyana. So, with it, as I mentioned, we have the collars, 90,000 barrels of oil per day of WTI puts at a floor of $60 and the ceiling at $90 and the 60,000 barrels of oil per day Brent puts floor at $65 and the ceiling at $95. We use those high ceiling collars to reduce the cost of the program, just to be more efficient with our hedging program. But also, as you mentioned, we retain the exposure to greater than $2 billion in additional cash flow. In the case of high oil prices above those hedge floor prices. So, in addition, we have not hedged any of our natural gas, obviously, no NGL productions hedged, and we havent hedged all of our oil production either. So, we continue to be in a good position to be able to accrete up value with higher oil prices. But again, weve got that significant price protection on the downside to continue the investment.
Neil Mehta: Great, guys. And then, the follow-up is just on the Bakken. Can you spend some time just talking about your development strategy there. What would it take with oil prices up here for you guys to pursue a growth strategy as opposed to a free cash flow strategy in the Bakken?
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So remember, the primary role of the Bakken in our portfolio is to be a cash engine. So, thats the first thing. And as such, any decision to add rigs in the Bakken is going to be driven by returns in our corporate cash flow position. Now having said that at $60 WTI, we have 2,200 future locations, which, assuming you would go up to 4 rigs over 50 rig years of inventory. Our ultimate objective is wed like to get the Bakken back to 200,000 barrels a day. Why? Because that optimizes -- maximizes the free cash flow generation of the Bakken. We can do that by adding a fourth rig. And depending on market conditions next year, we would consider adding that fourth rig at the end of next year. And I think the other thing thats important to remember is 4 rigs, the maximum we will run in the Bakken. Thats sort of the efficient frontier, if you will, to just take the Bakken to 200,000 barrels a day, plus or minus, and then just hold it with that inventory we have for nearly a decade at 200,000 barrels a day. And at that point, depending on oil price, it generates between $750 million and $1 billion of free cash flow. So, it just becomes this massive cash annuity for a very long time. And that is the strategy. Get it up to that level and just hold that cash annuity position with our inventory as long as we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Noel Parks with Touhy Brothers.
Noel Parks: I was wondering if you could maybe walk through some of the components of the resource estimate increase. You took it from 9 billion barrels to 10 billion barrels for the project. And just particularly interested, at the announcement, you said that some of that came from new discoveries, like Cataback. But Im just wondering the degree -- well, two things, the degree that maybe derisking from the most recent drilling help contribute to the incremental increase. And also, maybe you could drill down a little bit on sand quality in the most recent discovery. The porosity is the consistent -- consistent with your predrill analysis, et cetera?
John Hess: Yes, Greg.
Greg Hill: Sorry. I was on mute for a second. Look, I think the resource estimate was a combination of a lot of things. Obviously, the big things were Whiptail-1 and Whiptail-2 and Pinktail and Cataback. So, those were the primary drivers of taking that number from the greater than 9 billion to approximately 10 billion. So, that was the majority of the change, that move. I think its important to also remember that in spite of that, theres still multibillion barrels of additional upside above and beyond this 10 billion barrels already. Regarding sand quality, its all very good. I mean, everything weve discovered this year has extraordinary sand quality. As we mentioned, the Cataback well, the last well that we announced, had 102 feet of oil-bearing sand, but 243 feet of hydrocarbon-bearing reservoirs. And also, Whiptail-1 was 246 feet, Whiptail-2 167 feet. So, these are very large, very high quality reservoirs in all three of those discoveries. So, theres no issues with sand quality or reservoir quality in any of those wells.
Noel Parks: Im just wondering, in the more recent discoveries, anything you can -- you have been able to extrapolate, I guess, maybe just from the consistency among the findings? Does that help inform your optimism for future drilling and as you step out further?
Greg Hill: Sure. I think, what it confirms is that that entire eastern seaboard is what I like to call it from Turbot all the way to Liza and further north is just great reservoir rock. And so, part of our strategy going forward in 2022 will be to continue to build out the prospectivity that we see and continue to explore in those very high-quality upper Campanian reservoirs that I just talked about. The second objective we will have in 2022 is to get more penetrations in the deep. Thats the one with the most uncertainty now. As we mentioned in the fourth quarter, well drill a well called Fangtooth thats specifically aimed at the deep stratigraphy. And when I say deep, its lower Campanian, upper Santonian, which is about 3,000 feet deeper than those upper Campanion reservoirs. And then the third objective of our 2022 exploration and appraisal program is continue to appraise all these outstanding discoveries that weve made, right? So, appraise, explore upper Campanion, explore the deeper reservoirs. Those are our three primary objectives next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Heikkinen with Pickering Energy.
David Heikkinen: I just wanted to check a couple of things on Yellowtail. Have you guys finalized, is it 45 or 55 wells with the 8 different subsea sites? Just again, trying to narrow down on what the total cost is going to be as were putting estimates together?
Greg Hill: Yes. No, thats still under discussion with the partnership exactly what that configuration will be. And as we said, when we take final sanction, well be able to share all those details as to what the final project actually looks like.
John Hess: And to follow up on the point that Greg was making, Yellowtail has world-class economics and returns because were covering a lot larger resource. So, while people are talking -- focused on cost, they should be focused on the resource, which is a lot higher. Once we get the FTP, we can give granularity on that. And again, the breakeven is going to be between $25 and $32 per barrel Brent.
David Heikkinen: Yes, its a much bigger barrel extent, it looks like.
John Hess: Exactly.
David Heikkinen: A huge area of being developed with that versus Payara, even. And then it was very helpful to put together the kind of incremental capital year-over-year. I did my math right, is that roughly $2.5 billion before exploration expense?
John Rielly: No, that increase that I gave before. So, it was 500 combined Bakken and Guyana and then 200 with Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia. So, 700 from our 1.9, and that includes exploration.
David Heikkinen: Okay. I thought
John Rielly: Yes, no problem. And then, obviously, I just always have to point out what Phase 2 comes on, were picking up that at $60 Brent, $1 billion of additional cash flow there, so. And then, Bakken, obviously, were going to pick up some additional cash flow as well from the higher production.
David Heikkinen: And thats before a potential fourth rig in the Bakken that would get you upto 200,000 barrels equivalent a day?
John Rielly: Thats correct.
David Heikkinen: Perfect. Ive got my numbers right, now. Thanks, guys.
John Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-07-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2021 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Liz. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. In case of any audio issues, we will be posting transcripts of each speakers prepared remarks on www.hess.com following the presentation. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. Today, I will review our continued progress in executing our strategy and our longstanding commitment to sustainability. Greg Hill will then discuss our operations, and John Rielly will cover our financial results. Our strategy is to grow our resource base, have a low cost of supply and sustained cash flow growth. Executing this strategy has positioned our company to deliver industry leading cash flow growth over the next decade and has made our portfolio increasingly resilient in a low oil price environment. Our strategy aligns with the worlds growing need for affordable, reliable and cleaner energy that is necessary for human prosperity and global economic development. We recognize that climate change is the greatest scientific challenge of the 21st century and support the aim of the Paris Agreement and a global ambition to achieve net zero emissions by 2050. The world faces a dual challenge of needing 20% more energy by 2040 and reaching net zero carbon emissions by 2050. In the International Energy Agencys rigorous Sustainable Development Scenario, which assumes that all pledges of the Paris Agreement are met, oil and gas will be 46% of the energy mix in 2040 compared with approximately 53% today. In the IEAs newest Net Zero Scenario, oil and gas will still be 29% of the energy mix in 2040. In either scenario, oil and gas will be needed for decades to come and will require significantly more global investment over the next 10 years on an annual basis than the $300 billion spent last year. The key for our company is to have a low cost of supply. By investing only in high return, low cost opportunities; the best rocks for the best returns; we have built a differentiated and focused portfolio that is balanced between short cycle and long cycle assets. Guyana is our growth engine and the Bakken, Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia are our cash engines. Guyana is positioned to become a significant cash engine in the coming years as multiple phases of low cost oil developments come online, which we expect will drive our portfolio breakeven Brent oil price below $40 per barrel by the middle of the decade. Based on the most recent third-party estimates, our cash flow is estimated to grow at a compound annual growth rate of 42% between 2020 and 2023, which is 75% above our peers and puts us in the top 5% of the S&P 500. With a line of sight for up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources in Guyana, this industry leading cash flow growth rate is expected to continue through the end of the decade. Investors want durability and growth in cash flow, we have both. We are pleased to announce today that in July, we paid down $500 million of our $1 billion term loan maturing in March 2023. Depending upon market conditions, we plan to repay the remaining $500 million in 2022. This debt reduction combined with the start up of Liza Phase 2 early next year is expected to drive our debt to EBITDAX ratio under 2 next year. Once this debt is paid off and our portfolio generates increasing free cash flow, we plan to return the majority to our shareholders -- first through dividend increases and then opportunistic share repurchases. In addition, we announced this morning that Hess Midstream will buy back $750 million of its Class B units from its sponsors, Hess Corporation and Global Infrastructure Partners, to be completed in the third quarter. We expect to receive approximately $375 million in proceeds and our ownership in Hess Midstream on a consolidated basis will be approximately 45%, compared with 46% prior to the transaction. On April 30th, we completed the sale of our Little Knife and Murphy Creek non-strategic acreage interests in the Bakken for a total consideration of $312 million, effective March 1, 2021. This acreage, most of which we were not planning to drill before 2026 was located in the southernmost portion of our Bakken position and was not connected to Hess Midstream infrastructure. The midstream transaction and the sale of the Little Knife and Murphy Creek acreage bring material value forward and further strengthen our cash and liquidity position. The Bakken remains a core part of our portfolio and our largest operated asset. We have a large inventory of future drilling locations that generate attractive financial returns at $50 per barrel WTI. In February, when WTI oil prices moved above $50 per barrel, we added a second rig. Given the continued strength in oil prices, we are now planning to add a third rig in the Bakken in September, which is expected to strengthen free cash flow generation in the years ahead. Key to our long-term strategy is Guyana, with its low cost of supply and industry leading financial returns. We have an active exploration and appraisal program this year on the Stabroek Block, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator. We see the potential for at least six FPSOs on the block by 2027 and up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources on the block. And we continue to see multibillion barrels of future exploration potential remaining. Earlier today, we announced a significant new oil discovery at Whiptail. The Whiptail-1 well encountered 246 feet of net pay and the Whiptail-2 well, which is located 3 miles northeast of Whiptail-1, encountered 167 feet of net 3 pay in high quality oil bearing sandstone reservoirs. Drilling continues at both wells to test deeper targets. The Whiptail discovery could form the basis for a future oil development in the southeast area of Stabroek Block and will add to the previous recoverable resource estimate of approximately 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent. In June, we also announced a discovery at the Longtail-3 well, which encountered approximately 230 feet of net pay including newly identified, high quality hydrocarbon bearing reservoirs below the original Longtail-1 discovery intervals. In addition, the successful Mako-2 well together with the Uaru-2 well which encountered approximately 120 feet of high quality oil bearing sandstone reservoir will potentially underpin a fifth oil development in the area east of the Liza complex. In terms of Guyana developments, the Liza Unity FPSO, with a gross capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day, is expected to sail from Singapore to Guyana in late August and the Liza-2 development is on track to achieve first oil in early 2022. Our third oil development on the Stabroek Block at the Payara Field is expected to achieve first oil in 2024, also with a gross capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day. Engineering work for a fourth development on the Stabroek Block at Yellowtail is underway with preliminary plans for gross capacity in the range of 220,000 to 250,000 barrels of oil per day and anticipated startup in 2025, pending government approvals and project sanctioning. Our three sanctioned oil developments have a Brent breakeven oil price of between $25 and $35 per barrel. And according to a recent data from Wood Mackenzie -- our Guyana developments are the highest margin, lowest carbon intensity oil and gas assets globally. Last week, we announced publication of our 24th annual sustainability report, which details our environmental, social and governance or ESG strategy and performance. In 2020, we significantly surpassed our five-year emissions reduction targets reducing Scope 1 and 2 operated greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 46% and flaring intensity by 59%, compared to 2014 levels. Our five-year operated emissions reduction targets for 2025, which are detailed in the sustainability report, exceed the 22% reduction in carbon intensity by 2030 in the International Energy Agencys Sustainable Development Scenario, which is consistent with the Paris Agreements ambition to hold the rise in the global average temperature to well below 2C. We are also contributing to groundbreaking research being done by the Salk Institute to develop plants with larger root systems that are capable of absorbing and storing potentially billions of tons of carbon per year from the atmosphere. We continue to be recognized as an industry leader for the quality of our ESG performance and disclosure. In May, Hess was named to the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list for the 14th consecutive year based up on an independent assessment by ISS-ESG and we were the only oil and gas company to earn a place on the 2021 list. In summary, oil and gas are going to be needed for decades to come. By continuing to successfully execute our strategy and achieve strong operational performance, our company is uniquely positioned to deliver industry leading cash flow growth over the next decade. As our term loan is paid off and our portfolio generates increasing free cash flow, the majority will be returned to our shareholders, first through dividend increases and then opportunistic share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. In the second quarter, we continued to deliver strong operational performance. Companywide net production averaged 307,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, above our guidance of 290,000 to 295,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day driven by good performance across the portfolio. In the third quarter, we expect companywide net production to average approximately 265,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which reflects the Tioga gas plant turnaround in the Bakken and planned maintenance in the Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia. For full year 2021, we now forecast net production to average approximately 295,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, compared to our previous forecast of between 290,000 and 295,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, so we are now forecasting at the top of the range. Turning to the Bakken, second quarter net production averaged 159,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This was above our guidance of approximately 155,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, primarily reflecting increased gas capture which has allowed us to drive flaring to under 5%, well below the states 9% limit. For the third quarter, we expect Bakken net production to average approximately 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which reflects the planned 45-day maintenance turnaround and expansion tie-in at the Tioga Gas Plant. For the full year 2021, we maintain our Bakken net production forecast of 155,000 to 160,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the second quarter, we drilled 17 wells and brought 9 new wells online. In the third quarter, we expect to drill approximately 15 wells and to bring approximately 20 new wells online, and for the full year 2021, we now expect to drill approximately 65 wells and to bring approximately 50 new wells online. In terms of drilling and completion costs, although we have experienced some cost inflation, we are confident that we can offset the increases through technology and Lean Manufacturing efficiency gains and are therefore maintaining our full-year average forecast of $5.8 million per well in 2021. We have been operating two rigs since February but given the improvement in oil prices and our robust inventory of high return drilling locations, we plan to add a third rig in September. Moving to a three rig program will allow us to grow cash flow and production, better optimize our in-basin infrastructure and drive further reductions in our unit cash costs. Now moving to the offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, second quarter net production averaged 52,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, compared to our guidance of approximately 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the third quarter, we forecast Gulf of Mexico net production to average between 35,000 and 40,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance downtime as well as some hurricane contingency. For the full year 2021, our forecast for Gulf of Mexico net production remains approximately 45,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In Southeast Asia, net production in the second quarter were 66,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, above our guidance of approximately 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Third quarter net production is forecast to average between 50,000 and 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance at North Malay Basin and the JDA as well as Phase 3 installation work at North Malay Basin. Full year 2021 net production is forecast to average approximately 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now turning to Guyana. In the second quarter, gross production from Liza Phase 1 averaged 101 thousand barrels of oil per day or 26,000 barrels of oil per day, net to Hess. The repaired flash gas compression system has been installed on the Liza Destiny FPSO and is under test. The Operator is evaluating test data to optimize performance and is safely managing production in the range of 120,000 to 125,000 barrels of oil per day. Replacement of the flash gas compression system with a modified design and production optimization work are planned for the fourth quarter which will result in higher production capacity and reliability. Net production from Liza Phase 1 is forecast to average approximately 30,000 barrels of oil per day in the third quarter and for the full year 2021. The Liza Phase 2 development will utilize the 220,000 barrels of oil per day Unity FPSO, which is scheduled to sail away from Singapore at the end of August and first oil remains on track for early 2022. Turning to our third development at Payara, the Prosperity FPSO hull is complete and will enter the Keppel Yard in Singapore following the sail away of the Liza Unity. Topsides fabrication has commenced at Dyna-Mac and development drilling began in June. The overall project is approximately 45% completed. The Prosperity will have a gross production capacity of 220 thousand barrels of oil per day and is on track to achieve first oil in 2024. As for our fourth development at Yellowtail, the joint venture anticipates submitting the plan of development to the Government of Guyana in the fourth quarter, with first oil targeted for 2025, pending government approvals and project sanctioning. During the second quarter, the Mako-2 appraisal well on the Stabroek Block confirmed the quality, thickness and areal extent of the reservoir. When integrated with the previously announced discovery at Uaru-2, the data supports a potential fifth development in the area east of the Liza complex. As John mentioned, this morning we announced a discovery at Whiptail, located approximately 4 miles southeast of Uaru-1. Drilling continues at both wells to test deeper targets. In terms of other drilling activity in the second half of 2021, after Whiptail-2, the Noble Don Taylor will drill the Pinktail-1 exploration well, which is located 5 miles southeast of Yellowtail-1, followed by the Tripletail2 appraisal well, located 5 miles south of Tripletail-1. The Noble Tom Madden will spud the Cataback-1 exploration well, located 4.5 miles southeast of the Turbot-1 discovery, in early August. Then in the fourth quarter, we will drill our first dedicated test of the deep potential at the Fangtooth prospect, located 9 miles northwest of Liza-1. In the third quarter, the Noble Sam Croft will drill the Turbot-2 appraisal well, then transition to development drilling operations for the remainder of the year. The Stena Carron will conduct a series of appraisal drill stem tests at Uaru-1, then Mako-2 and then Longtail-2. In closing, we continue to deliver strong operational performance across our portfolio. Our offshore assets are generating strong free cash flow. The Bakken is on a capital efficient growth trajectory and Guyana keeps getting bigger and better, all of which positions us to deliver industry leading returns, material free cash flow generation and significant shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the second quarter of 2021 to the first quarter of 2021. Adjusted net income was $74 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared to net income of 252 million in the first quarter of 2021. Turning to E&P. E&P adjusted net income was $122 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared to net income of 308 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after tax components of adjusted E&P results between the second quarter and first quarter of 2021 were as follows; lower sales volumes reduced earnings by $126 million, higher cash costs reduced earnings by $48 million, higher exploration expenses reduced earnings by $10 million all other items reduced earnings by $2 million for an overall decrease in second quarter earnings of $186 million. Second quarter sales volumes were lower primarily due to Guyana having two one-million barrel liftings of oil compared with three one-million barrel liftings in the first quarter and first quarter sales volumes included non-recurring sales of two VLCC cargos totaling 4.2 million barrels of Bakken crude oil which contributed approximately $70 million of net income. In the second quarter, our E&P sales volumes were underlifted compared with production by approximately 785,000 barrels, which reduced our after-tax results by approximately $18 million. Cash costs for the second quarter came in at the lower end of guidance and reflect higher planned maintenance and workover activity than the first quarter. In June 2021, the U.S. Bankruptcy Court approved the bankruptcy plan for Fieldwood Energy which includes transferring abandonment obligations of Fieldwood to predecessors in title of certain of its assets, who are jointly and severally liable for the obligations. As a result of the bankruptcy, Hess as one of the predecessors in title in seven shallow water West Delta 79/86 leases held by Fieldwood is responsible for the abandonment of the facilities on the leases. Second quarter E&P results include an after-tax charge of $147 million representing the estimated gross abandonment obligation for West Delta 79/86 without taking into account potential recoveries from other previous owners. Within the next nine months, we expect to receive an order from the regulator requiring us, along with other predecessors in title, to decommission the facilities. The timing of these decommissioning activities will be discussed and agreed upon with the regulator and we anticipate the costs will be incurred over the next several years. Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $76 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared to $75 million in the prior quarter. Midstream EBITDA, before noncontrolling interests, amounted to $229 million in the second quarter of 2021 compared to $225 million in the previous quarter. Now turning to our financial Position, at quarter end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $2.42 billion, which includes receipt of net proceeds of $297 million from the sale of our Little Knife and Murphy Creek acreage in the Bakken. Total liquidity was $6.1 billion including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $6.6 billion. Our fully undrawn $3.5 billion revolving credit facility is committed through May 2024 and we have no material near-term debt maturities aside from the $1.0 billion term loan which matures in March 2023. In July, we repaid $500 million of the term loan. Earlier today, Hess Midstream announced an agreement to repurchase approximately 31 million Class B units of Hess Midstream held by GIP and us for approximately $750 million. We expect to receive net proceeds of approximately $375 million from the sale in the third quarter. In addition, we expect to receive proceeds in the third quarter from the sale of our interests in Denmark for total consideration of $150 million with an effective date of January 1, 2021. In the second quarter of 2021, net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $659 million compared with $815 million in the first quarter primarily due to lower sales volumes. In the second quarter, net cash provided by operating activities after changes in working capital was $785 million compared with $591 million in the first quarter. Changes in operating assets and liabilities during the second quarter of 2021 increased cash flow from operating activities by $126 million primarily driven by an increase in payables that we expect to reverse in the third quarter. Now turning to guidance. First for E&P, our E&P cash costs were $11.63 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya and $12.16 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya in the second quarter of 2021. We project E&P cash costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $13.00 to $14.00 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter, which reflects the impact of lower production volumes resulting from the Tioga gas plant turnaround. Full year cash costs guidance of $11.00 to $12.00 per barrel of oil equivalent remains unchanged. DD&A expense was $11.55 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya and $12.13 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya in the second quarter. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $12.00 to $13.00 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and full year guidance of $12.00 to $13.00 per barrel of oil equivalent remains unchanged. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $25.00 to $27.00 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and $23.00 to $25.00 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2021. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $40 million to $45 million in the third quarter and full year guidance is expected to be in the range of $160 million to $170 million, which is down from previous guidance of $170 million to $180 million. The midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $265 million to $275 million for the third quarter and full year guidance is projected to be in the range of $1,080 million to $1,100 million, which is down from the previous guidance of $1,090 million to $1,115 million. E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million for the third quarter and full year guidance is expected to be in the range of $125 million to $135 million, which is updated from the previous guidance of $105 million to $115 million reflecting higher commodity prices. We expect non-cash option premium amortization will be approximately $65 million for the third quarter and full year guidance of approximately $245 million remains unchanged. During the third quarter, we expect to sell three one-million barrel cargos of oil from Guyana. Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $575 million in the third quarter. Full year guidance, which now includes increasing drilling rigs in the Bakken to three from two in September, remains unchanged from prior guidance at approximately $1.9 billion. Turning to midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $50 million to $60 million for the third quarter and full year guidance is projected to be in the range of $275 million to $285 million, which is down from the previous guidance of $280 million to $290 million. Turning to Corporate, Corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million for the third quarter and full year guidance of $130 million to $140 million remains unchanged. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $95 million to $100 million for the third quarter and approximately $380 million for the full year, which is at the lower end of our previous guidance of $380 million to $390 million, reflecting the $500 million reduction in the term loan. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Piper Sandler.
Ryan Todd: Maybe starting off on Whiptail. Congratulations on the great results of both Whiptail-1 and 2. How do you think -- maybe it's a little early to say but how do you think about ultimate potential resource size reservoir and oil quality? And how it maybe stacks up against other future resource to be developed and where it can land in the queue?
John Hess: Yes, it's a great question, Ryan, and thank you. Look, Whiptail drilling activities are still underway. We're going to be drilling in both wells to some deeper targets, Whiptail adds to our queue of high value potential oil developments in Guyana, Uaru and Mako, as Greg talked about, have the potential to be our fifth FPSO. Whiptail has a potential to be another oil development. And since evaluations work is still going underway, it's a little premature to talk about resource size. But definitely what we're seeing is a foundation for potentially another oil development with Whiptail. And then to remind everybody, we still have a very active exploration appraisal program on the Stabroek Block, the remainder of this year, which should provide even more definition for future development investment opportunities. So the queue of high value potential oil developments is growing. And we're going to optimize it as we continue to get more data and well results to further get clarity on what the queue will be.
Greg Hill: And Ryan, the quality of the reservoirs in Whiptail are outstanding.
Ryan Todd: All right, thanks. Thanks, John and Greg. Maybe a follow up on CapEx, prior guidance for 2021 Balkan CapEx is $450 million. Is that still the same with the addition of a third rig in September? Or was the possibility of a third rig already built in there? And you've been running low on CapEx, obviously in the first half of the year, but activities accelerated in the second half. Is there a potential for maybe downward pressure on CapEx on a full year basis? Or is the kind of the trend upward in the second half likely to or I guess things trending line with where you would have expected?
John Rielly: Yes. So from the Bakken standpoint, no, we did not have third rig in our initial guidance of the 450 million for the year. So that third rig is adding to the Bakken capital, so we'll go up from that 450. But like you've been saying we have been running under for the first half and where it is primarily right now, we're under spending in Ghana. So that pretty much the add from September to December for the one rig in the Bakken is being offset by a little lower spend in Ghana. As for the 1.9 billion we do as you said expect the ramp up it's normal for us in the Bakken. When you get into the summer season building infrastructure pads, things like that. So we do get a pickup on capital there. Same thing for our work in Southeast Asia is more ramping up, Greg mentioned the phase three installation thats going on. So I do expect to be spending right around that 1.9 billion, and we'll get that pickup. But again, we have been a little bit lower. And that's why we can add that Bakken rig and stay at 1.9 billion.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning. My first question is on Liza Phase 2. I know the design is 220 KBD. But I was wondering if the Hess Exxon consortium is applying some of the learnings from the Liza Phase 1 debottlenecking project on this ship and where could initial predictive capacity be? As well as I wanted to get your timeline to maybe a first oil if the boat is sailing from Singapore at the end of August?
John Hess: Thanks, Arun. Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes, sure, Arun. So we are on track for first oil in early 2022. So no change that first oil date that we talked about before. In regards to debottlenecking, look, my experience with these FPSOs is yes, there will be some additional capacity that can be wrung out of the vessel. The sequence is important, though. So the first thing you do is, you get it out there, spin it out, run it at full operating conditions, then and only then after you get that dynamic data, can you understand where your potential pinch points are or bottlenecks are. And so that's why typically, these optimization projects don't come until I'll say, the first year of operation. But I think, 15% to 20% is not a typical, it will vary boat by boat, depending on the dynamic conditions. But I would think that you could get some additional upside from Phase 2 and Phase 3 and beyond.
Arun Jayaram: Great. My follow up is for John Hess. John, I wanted to see if you could help us think about the order of operations here regarding additional cash return to shareholders and maybe outline, paying off the term loan, maybe the timing of step two of the strip holds and when we could see it in the board kind of move on the dividend.
John Hess: Yes. Look once we pay the $500 million off, which we're intending to do a next year from the term loan, thereafter, as a function of oil price, and we get visibility on free cash flow generation, the next priority is going to be returning the majority of that free cash flow to our shareholders, and the first priority, and that will be to increase our base dividend. So this is something we've talked about with our board. We're very watchful about it, but we got to take it a step at a time. But that will be the sequence of events pay the other $500 million off, we're estimating to do that next year, depending upon market conditions. And then once after that, once we start have visibility on free cash flow and market conditions for oil and the financial markets are supportive. The next step will be strengthening our base dividends.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Deckelbaum with Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: I just wanted to just touch on the Bakken again, with the addition of the third rig, could you perhaps revisit guidance for where an exit rate should be at the end of this year? And then, should we be thinking about the addition of a fourth rig? I just wanted that in the context of what the current in house view is of the truly optimized program there in terms of activity.
John Hess: John, you want to take the exit rate and then Greg, any color you'd like to provide as well.
John Rielly: Sure. So from the Bakken exit rate standpoint, the addition of the third rig when we're starting in September really is not going to add any wells in for production this year. And what we had said in the prior quarter was that we were exiting somewhere at the 170 to 175 type level as we ended the year. Now what we are seeing is higher propane prices than we saw back in April. So which we like right that -- what we see from the NGL price is actually increase our cash flow in that third quarter, maybe $35 million to $40 million based on these higher propane prices. But with those higher propane prices, if you remember, that means we get less volumes under our percentage of proceeds contracts or our pop contracts. So right now based on what we're seeing on the propane prices, I'd say the exit rate overall will be in the 165 to 170 range. And then, Greg, I'll hand it over to you for the fourth rig.
Greg Hill: Yes. So I think just one couple more comments on the third rig. So with that third rig, we'll drill 10 more wells. So that's why we increased, our drilling well count from 55 to 65. And then, we'll also bring five more wells online with that third rig. So that's why we raised the wells online count from 45 to 50. But as John said, those wells come on right at the end of the year. So the impact of that will be seen in 2022 volumes. The fourth rig, as we've always talked about, the primary role of the Bakken in our portfolio is to be a cash engine. So that's its number one role. So any decision they add any rigs in the Bakken is going to be driven by returns and corporate cash flow needs. Now, having said that, assuming oil prices stay high, in the next year, then we'd consider adding a fourth rig at the end of next year. Why is it at the end because you build all your locations in the summertime. And then by doing so, that would allow us to take Bakken production up to around 200,000 barrels a day and that level, really optimizes our in basin infrastructure. But again, that's going to be a function of oil price, the function of corporate cash flow needs, how much cash do we need the Bakken to deliver for the corporation, that's going to be the primary driver of whether or not we have that fourth rig or not. I will say, the fourth rig would be the last rig. So the highest we would go is four rigs. And we could maintain that 200,000 barrels a day with four rigs for nearly a decade, given the extensive inventory of high return wells that we have.
David Deckelbaum: Thank you, guys, you seem well prepared for that question. Appreciate the color. My follow up is just on -- quickly on Libya. You've seen obviously, the end of the force majeure, you've seen production kind of pick up there. I know you guys guide ex-Libya. But can you kind of revisit the productive capacity of that asset and your view kind of the rest of the year? And then, just broadly speaking, where that sits in your portfolio?
John Hess: Yes. Libya, obviously, it generates some cash for us. It has been running at fairly stable levels, and we would estimate those levels would continue at the current rate. And it really is a function of political security stability in the country, which is increased. And so we would intend that Libya would continue at the pace of cash generation that it's at now in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Just one question to follow up on just from the comments earlier about, well costing flat in the Bakken. But as you step back and look at cost inflation almost anywhere, I know, you're relatively silent in the Gulf of Mexico today, but the expectations for next year. And then as we think about building the FPSOs, or any sort of, I guess, supply chain issues that may be affecting anything as we think about the next like, it's FPSO and FPSO 2 and FPSO 3, as we think about the timing in Indiana.
John Hess: Yes, Greg, why dont you please handle it, the cost inflation question that he's asking one, maybe we cover the onshore focusing on the Bakken and two the offshore?
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So, let's talk about the onshore first because it's easiest. Yes, as I said in my opening remarks, we are seeing some minor inflation in the Bakken. The first half of the year was all tubulars. However, we recall, we pre-bought all of our tubulars for the program this year. So we're covered on that. Commodity base chemicals obviously have gone up. But it really doesn't matter because we're able to cover that through technology and lean manufacturing gains and that's why we held our well cost forecast for the year still at five eight, even though we're feeling some, single-digit kind of levels of inflation. Now, if I turn to the offshore, yes, industry seeing cost increases there as well. Day rates on deepwater rigs are out modestly. They're nowhere near what they were in the halcyon day say five years ago. But remember, almost all of our offshore investment is in Guyana. And we operate under EPC contracts there. So that largely insulates us from cost increases after the contract sign. And then I've got to say, Exxon Mobil is doing an extraordinary job of utilizing this design one build many strategy to deliver large amount of efficiencies from that project. So certainly now and in the very near term, I wouldn't expect any cost issues there. And of course, because the PSC, if your costs do creep up, that's all covered under cost recovery.
Roger Read: That's helpful. Thanks. And then congratulations on the discovery, certainly that have been announced today. And recently, I was just curious, some of the other exploration opportunities you have out there as we think about other blocks inside of Guyana, but also over in Surinam, any updates there?
JohnHess: Well, the majority of our drilling is going to be on this Stabroek Block. And I think Greg gave pretty good roadmap for what our drilling the rest of the year is going to be, it's going to be a comment of exploration and appraisal. I think, Greg, the only other thing to talk about his Surinam probably Block 42 because we do have some drilling planned there next year.
Greg Hill: Yes, we do. So planning is underway on Block 42 for a second exploration well, in the first half of 2022. Obviously, the Apache wells are encouraging for our acreage there, that's adjacent 42. And we see the acreage is a potential play extension, also from the Stabroek Block. So we're the ones that have access to not only the Stabroek data, but also the data in Surinam. And so we can couple those two together, and really understand how the geology lays out there. And that's what makes us excited about, Block 42. We also have an interest in Block 59, as you know, [just out] [ph]of Block 42, Exxon Mobil is completed the 2D seismic survey on the block there, the data has been analyzed. And it's fast. And so the joint venture is now planning a very targeted 3D survey over some interesting prospects we see on that as well but drilling there would not begin to occur until probably 23 at the earliest.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotia Bank.
Paul Cheng: John, you guys are going to generate a fair amount of free cash, and you're going to pay down the term debt next year, but long-term, do you have a net debt target? How much debt you really want to be sitting on your budget at all?
John Rielly: So our target and what I always say it's a maximum target is a two times debt to EBITDAX targets. So as you said is, when we pay off this term loan next year, and we have phase two coming online, we're going to drive under that two times. And what I expect here, because I think, we mentioned earlier, we really don't have any material near term debt maturity. So what we'll do is, we'll pay off that term loan. We have small amounts in 2024 and it's not till 2027 that we have our next big maturity. So we'll just pay off the small maturities as we have and we'll continue to let our EBITDAX grow basically, you're going to get Phase 2, then Payara, then Yellowtail, then Uaru-2, so we're going to have to significant growth in EBITDA, and our balance sheet is just going to get stronger and stronger from that standpoint. So what I would say is we hold that absolute debt level, flat and decrease it for the maturities that that come about. And then, as John mentioned, we're going to start driving, significant free cash flow generation and once that term loans paid off, we'll start with dividend increases, and then we'll move on to the opportunistic share repurchases.
Paul Cheng: Hey, John, some of your peers that when they are talking about say, two times, yes, EBITDA or that one time or less than one time, they also identify or that was the parameter that what -- under what commodity price they are using, not necessarily using the current price. So do you guys just looked at the -- what is the current price, your EBITDA or you also target at a lower price, the maximum two times.
John Rielly: No. We look at even lower prices, what I would say that target is there for us no matter what the commodity price is. And look, we always say this as the additional FPSOs come on, chance of these very low cost developments come on, our margins and our cash flow just continues to improve. So, even at lower commodity prices, when we start getting Payara, Yellowtail, Uaru, Mako online, we're going to have significant free cash flow and the balance sheet is going to be very strong. So our target doesn't vary based on commodity prices. And we'd like to say that, with these episodes coming on, we can win in any commodity price environment.
Paul Cheng: And, John, I think John Hess has said that the first priority of the excess free cash after the term loan payoff is increasing the dividend, is there any kind of parameter you can share in terms of -- you will set dividend longer term based on say, 10% of a certain cash flow from operation based on certain advice or any kind of parameters that you can share matrix, you can share -- so we can have some better understanding of what is the trajectory?
John Rielly: Sure. What we've been saying right now, and look, we'll give guidance, as we get into this free cash flow generation is that we want to have a dividend that's better than the S&P 500 like yield. And why because obviously, the oil and gas business is a little riskier and more volatile due to commodity prices. So we want to set that at a level, that gives us a better yield. And we're going to be in a position again, as I mentioned, with these FPSOs coming on, that we can set that have a better yield and withstand lower commodity prices. So we'll test it at lower commodity prices, but again, due to the uniqueness of the Guyana cash flows that will be coming in, we can do that. So that's the initial guidance I would look at is, we're going to have our yield better than that S&P 500.
Paul Cheng: Final question. I think this is for Greg. Greg, when we look at your full year production guidance, which imply the second half is about 280 and you say the third quarter is about 265. So that means that the fourth quarter is about 300. Is that a bit conservative on that number?
Greg Hill: Well, first of all, Paul, it's still early in the year. So we've got a lot of activity going on, we've got good turnaround, maintenance in the Gulf of Mexico, maintenance in Southeast Asia and also some shutdowns for Phase 3 in North Malay Basin. And plus, we did dial in fair amount of hurricane contingency this year in the Gulf, just based upon last year's experience, but also what the weather forecasters are saying this year. So, we'll be able to update that on the quarterly call next time. I hope you're right. I hope it is conservative. But again, we have a fair amount of contingency in there for the work that we are doing and the hurricanes that are anticipated in the Gulf. So let's just see how it plays out.
Paul Cheng: Maybe, let me ask it in this way, Greg. Yes, in the fourth quarter, do you have any meaningful turnaround or maintenance shutdown activities?
Greg Hill: We do have some in the fourth quarter, yes. And some of those are in Southeast Asia. And we also have a turnaround in Baldpate, in the Gulf of Mexico during the fourth quarter as well. But the hurricane contingency really rolls through both quarters. So -- 
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: I'll just stick to two questions if that's okay. But let me see if I can get them both in. Greg, I'm going to try another go at Whiptail. I seem to recall in our prior conversations that, build up quite a picture of how to launch this prospect could be, now you've got two of the biggest sands three miles apart. I'm out of trying to saying that this could be more than one development phase on Whiptail.
John Hess: Go ahead, Greg.
Greg Hill: Look, I think it's early days to be to be saying that, Doug. One of the reasons we drilled the wells concurrently is because we did have good seismic response as you intimated on Whiptail, we were well calibrated with that because of course it was a sandwich between Yellowtail and Uaru. And so by drilling both of these wells concurrently, obviously we accelerated the evaluation and appraisal of this highly perspective area. We've got more appraisal work to do and some deepening to do in and around this area. But we're very pleased with the results. But I think it's just too early to speculate on, is this big enough standalone by itself? Or what? So just give us some time to evaluate the well, results.
John Hess: Yes, Doug. Great question. We're still drilling, still evaluating the results. But certainly, we're very encouraged that this could underpin on its own future oil development, the foundations there more work needs to be done to get that definition, but it certainly has the potential to provide a foundation for future oil development. And, you also got to remember in Yellowtail as we got more evaluation work in. That obviously turned out to be a much bigger resource, which is why the ship for Yellowtail is being sized between 220,000 and 250,000 barrels a day, which is bigger than the two ships that preceded it at 220,000 barrels a day. So, let's get more drilling. Let's get more evaluation. But obviously, initial results are very encouraging.
Greg Hill: Yes, very pleased.
Doug Leggate: Thank you for that note. Greg, maybe I will do a Part 1a of the third one to John, just when you think about these hub sizes, what are you thinking about the platform levels of production nowadays? Are we thinking about one on top of the other or early phases declining? How are you thinking of that I've given the scale of the resource you have right now, just so we can calibrate everybody's adoption expectations over time?
Greg Hill: No, again, Doug. You and I've talked about this before, I think these hubs, all hubs, frankly will have a long plateau and longer than would be typical in a deepwater environment. And that's simply because of the resource density of how much is in the Guyana space, in and around these existing hubs. So not only is there additional tie back opportunity in the Campanian, i.e., Liza, Liza, class reservoirs. But as we go deeper in the Santonian, let's say that works out is a technical commercial success, then you can see where you could tie back Santonian into some existing Campanian hubs. So if you step back and look at all the prospectivity in the Campanian, all the prospectivity in the Santonian. And it's pretty easy to see that these hubs will be full for a long time.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. My follow up hopefully is a quick one, John Rielly, I don't want to press too much on this debt issue. But two things, EBITDA is different number of 50 than it is 70. So I just wonder if I could ask you what your thinking is on the absolute level of debt that you want to get to because if Guyana is self-funding from next year, which I believe it is, these two, the potential to generate a ton of free cash flows, obviously, they are giving their unhedged on the upside. So just give us an idea where you want the absolute balance sheet to be and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
John Rielly: Really, as John has said earlier, once we pay off the 500 million on the term loan, we have to debt at the level we want it to be, as I said, there's a small maturity of 2024. And no really big maturities out until 2027. So that the debt is at that level. And we wouldn't be looking to reduce it any further at that point. And again, as we add the EBITDA from each FPSO, we will quickly drive under two times. And then, quite frankly, go below one as we continue to add these FPSOs.
Doug Leggate: All right. And Guyana is self funding next year?
John Rielly: Guyana is -- so once Phase 2 comes on, Guyana is self-funding.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: I'll be quick here. But two related questions. The first is for you, John, which is you always have a great perspective on the oil macro. And there's a lot of uncertainty as we go into 2022. Let's so maybe on the demand side, although we can debate that more on supply in terms of OPEC behavior, and as barrels come back into the market will the market get over supplied or will inventory stay in deficit? So I loved your perspective, especially given that you spend a lot of time with market participants there. And then, the related question is just on Hesse's hedging strategy for 2022. It doesn't make sense to cost average in to the forward curve here, or would you like to stay more open to participate in potential upside? So two related questions?
John Hess: Neil, good morning. Thanks for the questions. The oil market is definitely rebalancing. Three factors, demand supply inventories. We think demand is running right now at about 98 million barrels a day remember pre-COVID. Globally, it was running 100 million barrels a day. I think demand is well supported with the people getting back to work, mobility data in the United States, certainly jet fuel is almost at pre-COVID levels of demand. Obviously, international travel is still down. gasoline in the United States, demand as well as gas oil demand is back at pre-COVID levels. So demand is pretty strong. I think the financial stimulus programs of the U.S. government, other governments across the world, as well as accommodative monetary policies with the central banks are really turbocharging the consumer, turbocharging the economy and supporting oil demand. So we see demand growth continuing into next year, we think we will get by the end of the year, about 100 million barrels a day of global oil demand. We see that being stronger going into next year. So I think that's a key part that you have to get grounded in. To answer your question, what's the demand assumption where we take the over the demand is going to continue to be strong going into next year through the year. Supply, you look at shale, shale is no longer the swing supplier, it's gone from business that's focused on production growth to one that's focused on return of capital, financial discipline appropriately. So if you can grow a little bit, but generate free cash, according to the oil environment, that's what the investor discipline wants. That's what the company discipline wants. So we see the rig count, maybe it gets up to 500 in the United States, but shale will not be growing at the level that it was growing at the last five years for what it's going to be growing in the next three or four years. I think U.S. production in the range of crude for, let's say 11 million barrels a day, it's going to be hard to getting to pre-COVID levels of 13 million barrels a day, probably for the next three or four years. So shale will play a role, but it's going to have a backseat in terms of being the swing supplier, the swing supplier going forward. And really the federal reserve of oil prices is going to be OPEC led by our OPEC plus led by Saudi Arabia, Russia and the other members. And I think they've been very disciplined, very wise and being very tempered about bringing their spare capacity back. They just made -- I think, a very historic agreement that says we'll bring on 400,000 barrels a day, month by month, we'll look at it, if something happens in the very end, something happens with Iran coming on, we may curtail that, but basically that 5.8 million barrels a day of excess capacity will be whittled down 400 a day, each month as it goes out, though, need every month to check on that. But basically, that will be sort of that cushion, that you need to keep supply up with demand. But in that scenario, the markets in deficit, so that should keep prices well supported. And the other key point is, I'd say we're at pre-COVID inventory levels now, where the glut of 1.2 billion barrels of oil excess supply a year ago, April now has been whittled down to where the markets really back in balance at pre-COVID levels. So looking forward, the macro, I think is very supportive, demand growing faster than supply, inventory at pre-COVID levels, and the oil price should be well supported in that environment.
Neil Mehta: Tie that back into -- that might be a question for John Rielly tied into hedging strategy.
John Rielly: Right. So Neil, what our strategy is going to continue to be to use put options, right, we want to get the full insurance on the downside and leave the upside for investors. So obviously, we've been watching the market in the front has been performing very well and it is a bit backward dated as you go into 2022. And so with the put options, we typically put them on, September to December towards the end of the year, time value, gets the cost fee options a little bit lower, we'll see where volatility is, as we move getting closer to 2022. Now, you should expect us to put on a significant hedge position again, like we had this year and you should expect to see it as we move into the fourth quarter us begin to add those hedges.
John Hess: To be clear, that will be put base strategy.
Neil Mehta: Makes a ton of sense. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey with Sankey Research.
Paul Sankey: A lot of my questions have been answered around the balance sheet. But I was just wondering if we could get a sense for the potential for acceleration on any of the moving parts here. The first would be, would debt pay down potentially be accelerated even faster than what you've talked about with the term loan? If not, would we potentially see faster cash return to shareholders? So the quicker decision to raise the dividend is that a potential? Or I guess the alternative would be that you just increase cash on the balance sheet. And then, operationally, I guess it's a little bit longer term but could the pace of Guyana development be accelerated do you think? Or is it a fairly set and predictable path here? And what I'm really wondering is, as you mentioned, the Exxon Mobil buy one -- build one, design many -- design one, build many strategy, I wonder if that has the potential to accelerate, if we look forward, two to three to five to seven years. And finally, whether or not you would increase spending in a very strong story that you have here in the Bakken or the deepwater Gulf of Mexico or anywhere else, if that was another potential outlet for the success you're enjoying? Thanks.
John Hess: Yes, Paul. Hi, good to hear your voice. Look, we've laid out our plan, we're going to be very disciplined about executing the plan. There is always potential to accelerate. It's a function of market conditions, obviously. But I think the key thing is, we do want to keep a strong cash position, as a cushion for downturns in the oil market, it certainly served us well last year and it's serving as well, this year, obviously, very different markets, between last year and this year. And in terms of, what our assumptions are going forward, we want to keep that strong cash position. And with current prices, where they are, we think it's prudent to go into next year with a strong cash position. So we can fund the high value projects that we have in Guyana in the Bakken and obviously, in our other two asset areas. So, I think it's good planning assumption to assume that it will be given market conditions, we would pay that $500 million off next year, always have the flexibility to move it forward. But we want to keep the strong cash position. And we just think that's a financial prudent strategy. In terms of Guyana, Exxon is doing, as Greg said, a great job managing a world-class project, both in terms of costs and in terms of timing and this idea of design one, build many and pretty much getting in a cadence of one of these major FPSOs is being built one a year, come on one a year, that cadence is probably as aggressive as any ever done in the industry. And Exxon Mobil often talks about leakage meaning capital inefficiency, this pace of bringing on one ship a year is probably as accelerated as you want to get and it's a pretty darn good one.
Paul Sankey: Got it. And then the potential for greater spending more growth, is that -- would it be -- I assume you'd be more focused on cash return ultimately, because of the --
John Hess: Yes. We're going to stay very financially disciplined. John talks about adding a third rig and then Greg will talk potentially a fourth rig, those can certainly be folded in. And actually, that increases our free cash flow generation in the years I had. So it actually strengthens our free cash flow, even though in the year of the investment, you go up a notch. But the Bakkens becoming a major free cash flow generator on its way, let's say to 200,000 barrels a day equivalent, and plateauing. So there'll be obviously increase with rigs, John talks about it in the range of about 200 million per rig. And then, you have the different developments that we have, but we're going to stay very focused on keeping a tight string on our capital investments. So we can grow the free cash flow wedge and really compound that free cash flow wedge over the next five to six years.
Paul Sankey: Thank you. Could I just ask a color question on the midstream? What was the strategic, could you add any strategic color about the moves you made in the midstream and I'll leave it there. Thank you.
John Rielly: Sure, at a high level strategic standpoint, the midstream continues to add differentiated value to our E&P assets. So it allows us to maintain operational and marketing control. It provides the takeaway optionality to multiple high value markets. And also it's driving our ability to increase our gas capture and drive down our greenhouse gas intensity. So just starting, Paul, at the high level, both GIP and us remain committed to the long-term value. And so with this transaction like pro forma for the transaction, has midstream maintains a strong credit position, it's 3x debt to EBITDA. And then, it has continuing free cash flow after distributions as it moves forward. So that debt to EBITDA will come back down from three. So it's going to have sustained, low leverage and ample balance sheet capacity. So they really did this to optimize its capital structure. And then with this ample balance sheet capacity can support future growth or incremental return to shareholders, including Hess and that can be this type of buyback or increased distribution.
John Hess: So another way of saying, Midstream becomes a free cash flow engine for Hess as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett: I had a question about Fangtooth. If I heard Greg right. You said it was nine miles northwest of Liza-1. If I look at a seismic section that the operator Exxon Mobil had in their Investor Day, they show us a very large, deep seismic signature that seems to correspond to where you're drilling, Fangtooth, am I over reading that? Or is this a fairly large structure that you're going to drill?
Greg Hill: Yes, it is a very large structure that will be dedicated to the deeper stratigraphy, call it lower Campanian, Santonian. So that will be our first standalone well, targeting those deeper intervals, Bob as you know, the rest have all been deep tails. But this will be a standalone and yes, it is a very large structure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Noel Parks with Touhy Brothers.
Noel Parks: Just a different sort of continue on from that last question. Could you just sort of maybe walk us through where things stand on as far as main targets in Guyana versus deeper potential targets? Sort of the just kind of what you pretty much have established beyond the primary targets? And sort of what's still to come?
Greg Hill: You bet. So when I talk about deeper plays, I'm really talking about the bottom of the Campanian and lower Campanian and then down into the Santonian. And then, as I said before, these have the potential to be a very large addition to the recoverable resource base in Guyana. And if successful, as I mentioned previously, they could be exploited to a combination of tie backs to existing hubs, and or stand standalone developments if they're big enough. So we've had eight penetrations to-date in the deeper plays. And then, if you couple that with the success in Surinam, which is we understand the better part over there, again, don't have the data. But this is just what we're hearing from others in the industry appears to be kind of the lower Campanian Santonian intervals as well. So there's been a number of penetrations, so that's why we're encouraged. Now, we've got a lot more drilling to do, to fully understand that potential of this play. So in the second half, we've got several more deep targets that are planned. Three will be what I call deepenings. So there'll be deep tails on Campanian targets, two of which John mentioned in his script, which are Whiptail. So both Whiptail-1 and Whiptail-2 will be deep and down into the Santonian. The next one after that is Cataback, and then also Pinktail will have a deep tail on it as well. And then as I just discussed with Mr. Brackett, there will be a deep standalone called Fangtooth. So just on the Stabroek Block, by the end of the year, we'll have 13 total penetrations in the deeper stratigraphy. So we'll begin to now understand better how it's all put together, where we think the hydrocarbons are et cetera, et cetera. So keep watching this space evolving story. But very exciting but again, need more drilling to figure out where and what we have.
Noel Parks: Great. And just to sort of extend in the other dimension. I seem to remember that the report you had last quarter, three months ago, has some implications for areal extent. And in this -- in the wells on the horizon, your second half of the year, are there any of those that will be particularly informative about the sort of areal extent of the deeper zones?
Greg Hill: Well, yes, it's a mosaic, it's a picture that we're trying to put together. So yes, I mean, we mentioned Fangtooth, for example, being a very large structure stratigraphic feature, I should say. Obviously, if that, if the results of that are very positive, then we will probably want to follow up with an appraisal well, or a second well in that, given that the structure is quite large. But some of these tails will also inform the size of some of these as well, because of course, you're going after seismic features that you see on seismic that are of various sizes, some are big, and some are smaller. So by definition, we'll get a better understanding of that.
John Hess: And, Greg, that's great perspective on some of the exploration potential, some of the appraisal potential, but you also might point out that we have a pretty active testing program, between now and the end of the year. And to address the areal extent and productivity of potential developments, you might talk about that.
Greg Hill: Absolutely. So remember, we'll be doing drill stem tests at Uaru, at Mako, and then also Longtail before the end of the year. So that'll give us really key data that understand the size of those reservoirs in particular so --
John Hess: And ultimately, that helps us define the value of our -- upgrade the value of our development queue for projects going forward. So very active program for the rest of the year, new targets, appraising current targets, and also testing them, so we can upgrade the development queue of future oil projects.
Greg Hill: And I would anticipate on those lines that eventually we'll do a [BSP] [ph] at Whiptail as well.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2021 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Catherine, and Ill be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Catherine. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on todays conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. As we have done in recent quarters, we will be posting transcripts of each speakers prepared remarks on our website following their presentations. On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. Ill now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. We hope you and your families are all well. Today, I will review our continued progress in executing our strategy. Then Greg Hill will discuss our operations, and John Rielly will review our financial performance. Lets begin with our strategy, which has been and continues to be to grow our resource base, have a low cost of supply and sustain cash flow growth. By investing only in high return, low cost opportunities, we have built a differentiated portfolio that is balanced between short cycle and long cycle assets, with Guyana as our growth engine and the Bakken, Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia as our cash engines. Guyana is positioned to become a significant cash engine as multiple phases of low cost oil developments come on line, which we expect will drive our portfolio breakeven Brent oil price below $40 per barrel by the middle of the decade. As our portfolio generates increasing free cash flow, we will first prioritize debt reduction and then cash returns to shareholders through dividend increases and opportunistic share repurchases. Even as we have seen oil prices recover since the beginning of this year, our priorities continue to be to preserve cash, preserve our operating capability and preserve the long-term value of our assets. In terms of preserving cash, at the end of March, we had $1.86 billion of cash on the balance sheet, a $3.5 billion revolving credit facility, which is undrawn and was recently extended by one year to 2024, and no debt maturities until 2023. We have maintained a disciplined capital and exploratory budget for 2021 of $1.9 billion. More than 80% of this years capital spend is allocated to Guyana, where our three sanctioned oil developments have a breakeven oil price of between $25 and $35 per barrel, and to the Bakken, where we have a large inventory of future drilling locations that generate attractive financial returns at $50 per barrel WTI. To manage downside risks, in 2021 we have hedged 120,000 barrels of oil per day with $55 per barrel WTI put options and 30,000 barrels of oil per day with $60 per barrel Brent put options. To further optimize our portfolio and strengthen our cash and liquidity position, we recently announced two asset sales. In March, we entered into an agreement to sell our oil and gas interests in Denmark for a total consideration of $150 million, effective January 1, 2021. This transaction is expected to close in the third quarter. On April 8th, we announced the sale of our Little Knife and Murphy Creek nonstrategic acreage interests in the Bakken for a total consideration of $312 million, effective March 1, 2021. This acreage is located in the southernmost portion of our Bakken position and is not connected to Hess Midstream infrastructure. The sale of this acreage, most of which we were not planning to drill before 2026, brings material value forward. This transaction is expected to close within the next few weeks. During the quarter, we also received $70 million in net proceeds from the public offering of a small portion of our Class A shares in Hess Midstream LP. The Bakken remains a core part of our portfolio. In February, as WTI oil prices moved above $50 per barrel, we added a second rig, which will allow us to sustain production and strong cash flow generation from our largest operated asset. In terms of preserving the long-term value of our assets, Guyana, with its low cost of supply and industry-leading financial returns, remains a top priority. On the Stabroek Block, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator, we have made 18 significant discoveries to date with gross discovered recoverable resources of approximately 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent, and we continue to see multibillion barrels of future exploration potential remaining. We have an active exploration and appraisal program this year on the Stabroek Block. Yesterday we announced a discovery at the Uaru-2 well with encouraging results that further define the large areal extent of this accumulation, underpinning a potential future oil development. In addition, drilling activities are underway for appraisal at the Longtail-3 well and for exploration at the Koebi-1 prospect. Production from Liza Phase 1 ran at its full capacity of 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day during the first quarter. In mid-April, production was curtailed for several days after a minor leak was detected in the flash gas compressor discharge silencer. Production has since ramped back up and is expected to remain in the range of 100,000 to 110,000 gross barrels of oil per day until repairs to the discharge silencer are completed in approximately three months. Following this repair, production is expected to return to or above Liza Destinys nameplate capacity of 120,000 barrels of oil per day. The Liza Phase 2 development is on track to achieve first oil in early 2022 with a capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. Our third oil development on the Stabroek Block at the Payara Field is expected to achieve first oil in 2024, also with a capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. Engineering work for Yellowtail, a fourth development on the Stabroek Block, is underway with anticipated startup in 2025, pending government approvals and project sanctioning. We continue to see the potential for at least 6 FPSOs on the block by 2027, and longer term for up to 10 FPSOs to develop the discovered resources on the block. As we execute our Companys strategy, we will continue to be guided by our longstanding commitment to sustainability and are proud to be an industry leader in this area. We support the aim of the Paris Agreement and also a global ambition to achieve net zero emissions by 2050. As part of our sustainability commitment, our Board and our senior leadership have set aggressive targets for greenhouse gas emissions reduction. In 2020, we significantly surpassed our five-year emissions reduction targets, reducing operated Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity by approximately 40% and flaring intensity by approximately 60% compared to 2014 levels. We recently announced our new five-year emissions reduction targets for 2025, which are to reduce operated Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity by approximately 44% and methane emissions intensity by approximately 50% from 2017 levels. In addition, we are investing in technological and scientific advances designed to reduce, capture and store carbon emissions, including groundbreaking work being conducted by the Salk Institute to develop plants with larger root systems that according to the Salk Institute are capable of absorbing and storing potentially billions of tons of carbon per year from the atmosphere. In summary, our Company is executing our strategy that will deliver increasing financial returns, visible and low risk production growth and accelerating cash flow growth well into this decade. As we generate increasing free cash flow, we will first prioritize debt reduction and then the return of capital to our shareholders through dividend increases and opportunistic share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. Overall, in the first quarter, we demonstrated strong execution and delivery across our portfolio. Company-wide net production averaged 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which was in line with our guidance. The Bakken experienced extreme weather conditions and higher NGL prices during the quarter, both of which led to lower volumes. However, the higher NGL prices resulted in significantly higher net income and cash flows. Bakken net production in the first quarter averaged 158,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was below our guidance of approximately 170,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Of this shortfall, approximately 8,000 barrels per day was due to the significant increase in NGL prices in the quarter. Much of our third-party gas processing from our operated production is done under Percent of Proceeds, or POP contracts, where we charge a fixed fee for processing wet gas but take NGL barrels as payment instead of cash. POP volumes from these contracts get reported as Hess net production. When NGL prices increase, as they did in the first quarter, it takes fewer barrels to cover our gas processing fees. Hence our reported NGL production was reduced. But again, the higher NGL prices resulted in significantly higher earnings and cash flow. The other factor that affected Bakken production in the quarter was related to winter storm Uri, which brought power outages and average wind chill temperatures of minus 34 degrees Fahrenheit for two weeks in February. These extreme temperatures were below safe operating conditions for our crews and led to higher non-productive time on our drilling rigs, significantly higher workover backlogs and lower non-operated production. As discussed in our January earnings call, we added a second rig in the Bakken in February. In the first quarter, we drilled 11 wells and brought four new wells on line. In the second quarter, we expect to drill approximately 15 wells and to bring approximately 10 new wells on line, and for the full year 2021, we expect to drill approximately 55 wells and bring approximately 45 new wells on line. Thanks to the continued application of Lean and technology, our drilling and completion costs are expected to average approximately $5.8 million per well in 2021, which represents a 6.5% reduction from $6.2 million in 2020 and a 15% reduction from $6.8 million in 2019. For the second quarter, we forecast that our Bakken net production will average approximately 155,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and for the full year 2021, between 155,000 and 160,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This forecast reflects the residual weather impacts, higher NGL strip prices, the sale of our non-strategic Bakken acreage, and the planned turnaround of the Tioga Gas Plant in the third quarter. We expect net production to build in the second half of the year and forecast a 2021 exit rate of between 170,000 and 175,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to the offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, first quarter net production averaged 56,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting strong operations following hurricane recovery in late 2020. In the second quarter, we forecast that Gulf of Mexico net production will average approximately 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full year 2021, we maintain our guidance for Gulf of Mexico net production to average approximately 45,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance downtime and natural field declines. In the Gulf of Thailand, net production in the first quarter was 64,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, as natural gas nominations continued to increase due to strong economic growth. Second quarter and full year 2021 net production are forecast to average approximately 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now turning to Guyana. Our discoveries and developments on the Stabroek Block are world class in every respect, and with Brent breakeven oil prices of between $25 and $35 per barrel, represent some of the lowest project breakeven oil prices in the industry. Production from Liza Phase 1 averaged 121,000 gross barrels of oil per day, or 31,000 barrels of oil per day net to Hess in the first quarter. As John mentioned, production at the Liza Destiny was curtailed for several days following the detection of a minor gas leak in the flash gas compressors discharge silencer on April 11th. Production is currently averaging between 110,000 and 100,000 gross barrels of oil per day and is expected to stay in that range while repairs are made to the silencer. Upon reinstallation and restart of the flash gas compression system, expected in approximately three months, production is expected to return to or above nameplate capacity of 120,000 barrels of oil per day. For the second quarter, we now forecast net production to average between 20,000 and 25,000 barrels of oil per day and our full year 2021 net production to average approximately 30,000 barrels of oil per day. SBM Offshore has placed an order for an upgraded flash gas compression system, which is expected to be installed in the fourth quarter of 2021. Production optimization work is now planned in the fourth quarter which will further increase the Liza Destinys production capacity. I think, it is important to note that the overall performance of the subsurface in Liza 1 has been outstanding. We have seen very strong reservoir and well performance that has met or exceeded our expectations. Once the flash gas compressor is replaced, we are confident that we will see a significant improvement in uptime reliability. At Liza Phase 2, the project is progressing to plan, with about 90% of the overall work completed, and first oil remains on track for early 2022. The Liza Unity FPSO, with a production capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day, is preparing to sail from the Keppel yard in Singapore to Guyana midyear. Our third development, Payara, is also progressing to plan, with about 38% of the overall work completed. The project will utilize the Liza Prosperity FPSO, which will have the capacity to produce up to 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. The FPSO hull is complete and topsides construction activities have commenced in Singapore. First oil remains on track for 2024. Front-end engineering and design work continues for the fourth development on the Stabroek Block at Yellowtail. The operator expects to submit a plan of development to the government of Guyana in the second half of this year. Pending government approval and project sanctioning, the Yellowtail project is expected to achieve first oil in 2025. The Stabroek Block exploration program for the remainder of the year will focus on both Campanian, Liza-type reservoirs and on the deeper Santonian reservoirs. In addition, key appraisal activities will be targeted in the southeast portion of the Stabroek Block to inform future developments. In terms of drilling activity, as announced yesterday, the Uaru-2 well successfully appraised the Uaru-1 discovery and also made an incremental discovery in deeper intervals. The well encountered approximately 120 feet of high quality, oil bearing sandstone reservoir and was drilled 6.8 miles from the discovery well, implying a potentially large areal extent. The Stena DrillMax is currently appraising the Longtail discovery. Additional appraisal is planned at Mako and in the Turbot area, which will help define our fifth and sixth developments on the block. The Stena Carron has commenced exploration drilling at the Koebi-1 well, and an exploration well at Whiptail is planned to spud in May. Further exploration and appraisal activities are planned for the second half of 2021 with a total of approximately 12 wells to be drilled this year. The Noble Tom Madden, the Noble Bob Douglas and the Noble Sam Croft, which recently joined the fleet, will be primarily focused on development drilling. Now, shifting back to production, companywide second quarter net production is forecast to average between 290,000 and 295,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Full year 2021 net production is now also expected to average between 290,000 and 295,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, compared to our previous forecast of approximately 310,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This reduction reflects the following: Approximately 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day due to lower entitlements resulting from the increase in NGL strip prices, again, this will be accretive overall to earnings and cash flow; second factor is, approximately 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day related to the sale of our interests in Denmark and non-strategic acreage in North Dakota, for which we brought forward full value forward; the balance primarily reflects short term weather impacts in the Bakken, from which we expect to catch back up over the course of the year and again forecast a 2021 Bakken exit rate of between 170,000 and 175,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In closing, our team once again demonstrated strong execution and delivery across our asset base under challenging conditions. Our distinctive capabilities and world class portfolio will enable us to deliver industry-leading performance and value to our shareholders for many years to come. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the first quarter of 2021 to the fourth quarter of 2020. We had net income of $252 million in the first quarter of 2021 compared to an adjusted net loss of $176 million, which excluded an after tax gain of $79 million from an asset sale in the fourth quarter of 2020. Turning to E&P. E&P had net income of $308 million in the first quarter of 2021 compared to an adjusted net loss of $118 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the first quarter of 2021 and the fourth quarter of 2020 were as follows: Higher realized crude oil, NGL, and natural gas selling prices increased earnings by $192 million; Higher sales volumes increased earnings by $99 million; Lower DD&A expense increased earnings by $88 million; Lower cash costs increased earnings by $39 million; All other items increased earnings by $8 million, for an overall increase in first quarter earnings of $426 million. Excluding the two VLCC cargo sales, our E&P sales volumes were overlifted compared with production by approximately 300,000 barrels, which improved after-tax results by approximately $10 million. The sales from the two VLCC cargos increased net income by approximately $70 million in the quarter. The impact of higher NGL prices improved first quarter earnings by approximately $55 million and reduced Bakken NGL volumes received under percentage of proceeds or POP contracts by 9,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared with the fourth quarter of 2020. Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $75 million in the first quarter of 2021 compared to $62 million in the prior quarter. Midstream EBITDA, before non-controlling interests, amounted to $225 million in the first quarter of 2021 compared to $198 million in the previous quarter. In March, Hess received net proceeds of $70 million from the public offering of 3,450,000 Hess-owned Class A shares in Hess Midstream. Now, turning to our financial position. At quarter-end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were approximately $1.86 billion, and our total liquidity was $5.5 billion including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $6.6 billion. Our fully undrawn $3.5 billion revolving credit facility is now committed through May 2024, following the amendment executed earlier this month to extend the maturity date by one year. In the first quarter of 2021, net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $815 million compared with $532 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, primarily due to higher realized selling prices. In the first quarter, net cash provided from operating activities after changes in working capital was $591 million compared with $486 million in the prior quarter. The sale of our Little Knife and Murphy Creek acreage in the Bakken for total consideration of $312 million is expected to close within the next few weeks and the sale of our interests in Denmark for total consideration of $150 million is expected to close in the third quarter of this year. Now, turning to guidance. Our E&P cash costs were $9.81 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya and $10.21 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya in the first quarter of 2021. We project E&P cash costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $12 to $13 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter, primarily reflecting the timing of maintenance and workover spend. Full year E&P cash costs are expected to be in the range of $11 to $12 per barrel of oil equivalent, which is up from previous full year guidance of $10.50 to $11.50 per barrel of oil equivalent due to the impact of updated production guidance. DD&A expense was $11.83 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya and $12.36 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya in the first quarter. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $11.50 to $12.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter and full year guidance of $12 to $13 per barrel of oil equivalent is unchanged. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $23.50 to $25.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter and $23 to $25 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2021. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $40 million to $45 million in the second quarter and full year guidance of $170 million to $180 million is unchanged. The midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $260 million to $270 million for the second quarter and full year guidance of $1,090 million to $1,115 million is unchanged. E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million for the second quarter and $105 million to $115 million for the full year, which is up from previous guidance of $80 million to $90 million due to higher commodity prices. We expect non-cash option premium amortization will be approximately $65 million for the second quarter and approximately $245 million for the full year, which is up from previous guidance of $205 million, reflecting additional premiums paid to increase the strike price on our crude oil hedging contracts. In the second quarter, we expect to sell two 1 million barrel cargos from Guyana whereas we sold three 1 million barrel cargos in the first quarter and we expect to sell five 1 million barrel cargos over the second half of the year. Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $500 million in the second quarter and the full year guidance of approximately $1.9 billion remains unchanged.  For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $60 million to $70 million for the second quarter and the full year guidance of $280 million to $290 million remains unchanged. For Corporate. Corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million for the second quarter and full year guidance of $130 million to $140 million is unchanged. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $95 million to $100 million for the second quarter and full year guidance of $380 million to $390 million is unchanged. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Neil Mehta with Goldman Sachs.
Neil Mehta: Congrats on a good quarter. John, you talked about accelerating returns back to shareholders when you get net debt-to-EBITDA sub 2 times. It seems like between Liza-2 and the forward curve, youre going to get there inside of one year. So, how do you think about what to do with the excess cash and the optimal allocation of that to shareholders?
Greg Hill: Thanks, Neil. Yes. Now, weve had a strong first quarter and were seeing market conditions favorable for oil right now. It is still our plan, our strategy, as Phase 2 comes on, and its a 220,000 barrel a day ship. So, well get -- our entitlement there will significantly drive our cash flow inflection for us next year. And therefore, our debt-to-EBITDA will begin to get under 2, as we take that excess cash flow, then we have and pay down the term loan. So, the first thing that were going to do with excess cash flow is pay down the $1 billion term loan. Once we have that paid off and that increased EBITDA from Phase 2, we will be under 2 times debt-to-EBITDA for our balance sheet. And then, well be in that position to start increasing returns to shareholders. And, weve been consistent about it. What the first thing well do is increase our dividend. Well start to increase the dividends. And then, as our cash flow continues to grow, with Payara coming on and then Yellowtail, and as like we said, we expect now up to 10 FPSOs, well have a significant cash flow growth, well begin to do opportunistic share repurchases after the dividend increase.
Neil Mehta: And the follow-up is just about the long-term value of the Guyana resource. So much has been said about long-term risk to oil demand. And Im just curious how do you think about the value of some of the projects and the FPSOs that come in post 2026 as electric vehicles start to accelerate and some of the competitive threats start to be there for traditional transportation demand. And does that change in any way the way you think about prosecuting this project, including the potential to monetize some of the acreage earlier in order to pull forward the value to mitigate some of the long-term demand risks.
John Hess: Yes. Great question, Neil. Thank you. A couple of points wed like to make. Look, the world has two future challenges. One is how do we provide more energy supply, 20% more energy supply by 2040? And how do we get to net zero emissions by 2050? I think, the best resource to provide insights into these challenges is the world energy outlook of the International Energy Agency. And under their sustainable development scenario, which says that even if all the pledges of the Paris Climate Accord were met, oil and gas would still be 46% of the energy mix in 2040. So, its not just about climate literacy, its also about energy literacy. Oil and gas is still going to be needed 20 years out. The key to all of this, because none of us can call an oil price, theres always going to be volatility, and some of the pressures youre talking about obviously are going to be a factor in that, the key will be having a low-cost of supply. And we believe that were uniquely positioned in that regard with a growing resource, a low cost of supply, that positions our Company with a differentiated portfolio of assets that we have, with a growing resource at low cost of supply, to deliver sustainable and industry-leading cash flow growth and financial returns for our shareholders. And when you talk about the longer term, I think its important to realize that Guyana isnt as longer term. Were bringing it forward almost every year. First in 2022 with Liza-2, then in 2024 with Payara, then Yellowtail in 2025. The payouts are very quick and the returns are very high. So, we are going to be bringing value forward, and you can look at a cadence most likely of bringing on one of these low-cost developments about every year thereafter. So, we are bringing the value forward. And with low cost of supply, we think were going to be uniquely positioned to provide sustainable and industry-leading cash flow growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JP Morgan.
Arun Jayaram: Greg, I was wondering if you could provide an update on the debottlenecking project at Liza Phase 1 and maybe discuss how the repair activities on the flash gas compressor impact the timing of that project. And also, I wanted to see if you could provide a little bit more color. You mentioned that SBM may be replacing the flash gas compressor. So, maybe a little bit more color around that.
Greg Hill: Yes. Sure. So, let me take it in two pieces. So first, lets talk about the flash gas compressor. As John and I both mentioned in our opening remarks, we had a couple of days of downtime associated with that where production was curtailed for a couple of days. That flash gas compressor is now back in Houston, being torn down, looked at, with the expectation that it will be restored within the next three months, right? So, once that happens, then well get back to that 120,000 barrels a day plus. So, say thats July. Then, the next increment, as you mentioned, is the debottlenecking project, which now is going to occur in the fourth quarter. And that will take Liza Phase 1 up another incremental production. Now, theyre still in final engineering phase of that. So, I cant give you an exact number as to what thats going to be. But that will come in the fourth quarter. Also, in the fourth quarter, Exxon is going to replace the existing flash gas compressor with some of the components that have been redesigned. So, that shutdown in the fourth quarter, about 14 days, will accomplish those two things. It will be the debottlenecking and also the installation of a new redesigned flash gas compressor for Phase 1.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And my follow-up is perhaps for John Rielly. John, how does the improvement in oil prices impact yours and Exxons thinking on the purchase versus lease decision on the FPSO from a timing perspective?
John Rielly: Right now, Exxon is in discussions with SBM. Theyre having commercial discussions on the purchases of that. So, it is ongoing. The oil price itself doesnt really have a factor in there, but theyre just -- theyre going through these discussions. We expect to have that information later in the year, and well provide the guidance on the timing of the FPSO purchases when we get that information.
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: So, Greg, Payara, 38% complete as at least on the hull SCM is telling us 12 to 14 months is the standard sort of topside installation for these standardized units, which would put you middle of next year for a completed FPSO. Can you walk me through how you get from the middle of 2022 to 2024 for first oil when the boats are ready middle of next year?
Greg Hill: Well, I mean, Doug, as you know, Payara does have a very extensive drilling and SURF program. In particular, the SURF requires three open water seasons, if you will, to get all that subsea kit in. So look, Payara is going well. There is still contingency built into the project, which I think is prudent at this point, given that significant amount of SURF work that has to be done. But ExxonMobil is executing extremely well. Hopefully, Payara will come on earlier in 2024. But, well see, Doug. Theres a lot of work left to do yet.
Doug Leggate: Okay. We got to get an in-person dinner, Greg. Ill take a small bet with you that we see a [indiscernible] at some point. Okay. My follow-up is on the exit rate in the Bakken. How have you been able to lose 7,000, 8,000 barrels a day of NGLs in the POP contracts. But on the fourth quarter, you also guided to an exit rate of about 175 has been reasonable even with the second rig. So, can you just walk us through whats going better there to allow you to stick with the same guidance? Ill leave it there. Thanks.
Greg Hill: John, do you want to answer the POP contract question, John Rielly?
John Rielly: Yes. Sure. So first, I can just start with the way the POP contracts work. The amount for the full year in our guidance, you saw that its about a 7,000-barrel a day reduction from original guidance. Now, its a little higher in the first, second and third and a little bit lower in the fourth. So, were not hit with this high number on that POP in the fourth quarter. But yet, there is still impact on that. And originally, we were guiding at that 175. Now with the 170 to 175, that POP does have impact to it. And Ill start with Greg. But, the well performance is good. The wells that were bringing on, were seeing very good initial production. Were seeing better than expectations. Now, you got to remember, we had 12 on in the fourth quarter, only four in the first. Were just beginning now to pick up from the second rig, and that will really pick up in the third and fourth quarter. So, we see the performance from those wells will pick that up and give us that ability to get back to that exit rate of 170 to 175. Greg, I dont know if theres anything you want to add.
Greg Hill: No. I think you nailed it, John. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: My first question is on Guyana. The latest well, the Uaru-2, you indicated it encountered newly identified intervals below the original discovery well. Can you provide just any color on the commerciality of those zones? And have you seen them elsewhere on the block? And do you plan to test them elsewhere this year?
John Hess: Go ahead, Greg.
Greg Hill: Yes. Thanks, Jeanine. So, again, Uaru-2 was a great result, right? We had high-quality oil sands, 120 feet. I think, the most significant part about Uaru was that it was 6.8 miles from Uaru-1, which demonstrates a very large areal extent for the Uaru reservoir itself. And as you said, we did discover a deeper zone. Its in the lower part of the Campanian. And that does have read-through to other parts of the block. But certainly, the reason we didnt call it the 19th discovery is in this particular location. Its clearly not as significant as the other 18, right? But, it does have some read-through to other parts of the block.
John Hess: The key is that the appraisal is very encouraging results. You have excellent reservoir characteristics. You have high-quality oil. And given that Uaru-1 versus Uaru-2 is 6.8 miles away, it shows the potential for large aerial extent of a highly-prolific high-quality reservoir.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Got you. Thats really helpful. Thank you. My second question is maybe just going back to the debottlenecking discussion and Aruns question. Liza 1 capacity going up in Q4, well find out what to level later. But in terms of future potential opportunities, are there debottlenecking opportunities built into the 220 nameplate capacities for the upcoming ships? It just seems like thats pretty standard for a lot of these major capital projects, including FPSOs. And at least when we do the math, if you do any kind of moderate debottlenecking, it really pulls forward a lot of NAV there. So, just wondering kind of the potential for that for the 220 ships.
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes. Jeanine, I think you could assume that there would be debottlenecking potential on all those ships. What typically happens is, youll bring these facilities up to their nameplate. And then, you gather a lot of dynamic data and you really need that data. So, you need fluids running through the facility at full capacity to determine where are my pinch points, where are my bottlenecks, and what can I do to increase that capacity? And thats why you typically see these debottlenecking projects occur a year after that operating experience on the vessel, because the key piece of data that you have to have is the dynamic data of how is that vessel really operating under dynamic conditions, so. But, I think you can expect, every one of those will get debottlenecked above their nameplate in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: I think, several questions. First, John, the net debt-to-EBITDA less than 2. And at $60 plus, that doesnt seem to be a very conservative number. I presume its just a near term. So, what is the longer term expectation? I mean that the EBITDA changed a lot due to the commodity prices.
John Rielly: Yes. Youre right. I mean, let alone our EBITDA is going to change, one from commodity prices, and two, as each FPSO comes on in Guyana, obviously, our EBITDA is going to jump with each ship coming on line. So, for us, what we did was set that 2 as kind of a max. And once we got to that net debt-to-EBITDA being under 2, thats when we would start with the returns to shareholders. Now, we have no intention of increasing debt during that future time period, because now well be generating free cash flow. So, what we will have with each ship coming on is the EBITDA goes up, debt to EBITDA is going to drive down and is going to drive under 1. So look, were going to have a very strong balance sheet and obviously be in a position beginning to increase dividends first, and then because of that free cash flow position, doing opportunistic share repurchases.
Paul Cheng: Do you have a net debt target at all?
John Rielly: So, really short term, as we said, it is that 2 times. And then after that, its just going to be a function of our free cash flow driving it. So quite frankly, Id love to have that, keep it underneath 1. And we have the portfolio to do it. Were just unique. Each FPSO coming on, I mean, Ill let you put your own Brent assumptions in there, but for the amount of production that we get all Brent-based production, were just going to have significant EBITDA growth. And therefore, thats going to put our balance sheet in a very strong position. And so, wed like to keep that debt-to-EBITDA very low from that standpoint. And what we do with that excess cash, as John said earlier, is well return it to shareholders through dividend increases and share buybacks.
Paul Cheng: John, the first quarter working capital was a big use of cash. And in the second quarter, any kind of guidance that you can provide?
John Rielly: So, let me just do the first quarter first, and Im going to give the normal recurring. And there were two nonrecurring things that offset each other. So, the basic driver of the $220 million draw was an increase in receivables of $150 million, which were happy to have. Obviously, oil prices going up. So, our receivables went up from that standpoint. And then, we did have -- you saw the lower cash cost, the lower capital numbers. So, we did have a reduction in payables of $70 million. So, that $150 million and $70 million was the draw in working capital. We did have two nonrecurring items. One was the -- as we increased the strike prices on our hedges, so we had premiums paid there, but we also had the reduction in inventory from our VLCC sales. So, they net against each other. So, as you move into the second quarter with receivables that should balance out now with the prices, now if prices continue to go up, youll still see that potential increase in receivables. And then, we should be building, as we mentioned in our guidance, on capital. So, I would expect the payables to be, lets just call, flat. So, not forecasting a draw per se in the second quarter.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you. Greg, if I could have a quick question on Bakken. I think, in the past that the expectation is that you will get to about 200,000 barrels per day and sort of total that for a number of years. So, is that still the medium-term objective for Bakken? And then, finally, on Liza, on the debottleneck. Can you tell us wheres the critical path or that what is the unit that in the Liza 1 you debottleneck allow you to get a higher production capacity from that ship?
Greg Hill: So, let me take the second one first. So again, Paul, the engineering is still underway on Liza Phase 1 optimization project or debottlenecking. Theres nothing remarkable on it. Its piping changes, et cetera, just to eliminate, reduce the friction basically flowing through the facility on the top sides. So, we can give more color as the engineering of that project gets done. Now, regarding the Bakken, again, the primary role of the Bakken in our portfolio is to be a cash engine. And so, as such, the decision to add any rigs in the Bakken is going to be driven by corporate returns and corporate cash flow needs. Now, if prices remain strong in the second half of this year, were considering the addition of a third rig in the fourth quarter of 2021. And then, as you indicated, our medium-term or long-term objective, again going to be driven by returns and driven by corporate cash flow, would be to get the Bakken back to 200,000 barrels a day. That would probably require a fourth rig. And by doing so, at $60 WTI, the Bakken would be $1 billion a year free cash flow generator at 200,000 barrels a day. The other nice thing about the 200,000 barrels a day is it optimizes efficient use of the infrastructure that we have built up there. So, its sort of the ultimate sweet spot for the Bakken. But again, whether we add that fourth rig or the third rig is going to be driven by returns and corporate cash flow needs, because the role of the Bakken is to be a cash engine.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy.
Ryan Todd: Maybe a quick one on Guyana. As you think about your drilling program over the rest of the year and maybe into the first half of next year, what are the key issues that youre looking to address or the key questions that youre looking to answer over the next 6 to 12 months?
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Sure, Ryan. So, theres really three objectives of the exploration appraisal program this year with the three drilling rigs. The first one is to appraise existing discoveries, and thats really to underpin the fifth and the sixth ship in Guyana. So, Uaru was first cab off the rank, if you will; Longtails next; Turbot will be after that. Well also do Mako as well. So, we want to get those understood with appraisal wells and some DSTs to really inform where ship 5 and where ship 6 is going to go since Yellowtail is number 4. The second objective is to continue to explore the Campanian, to really fill out that patchwork quilt of prospectivity, if you will, between Turbot and Liza. And youll see in our investor pack, there was a number of polygons there that wed like to get drilled this year as well. And then, the third objective was -- is, can we get some deeper penetrations in the Santonian. Certainly, the Santonian has the potential to be a very large addition to the recoverable resources in Guyana. And Ill remind everyone, weve had four penetrations, coupled with Apaches results, we see that as very positive. But, weve got a lot more drilling to do to understand it. And that is another key objective this year, to get some more penetrations in that so we can begin to piece the puzzle together on the Santonian.
Ryan Todd: Thanks, Greg. That was really helpful. And maybe, John, one for you on a higher level issue. As we -- Hess has always been active on the ESG-related front, including efforts, as you talked about earlier to reduce scope 1 and 2 emissions. I guess, as you step back and consider the ongoing energy transition and look a little further down the line, are there other roles in which you think Hess may be able to participate, or is the best use of your time and capital are really just going to be bringing on low cost of supply barrels?
John Hess: Yes. No, our strategy remains to be focused on growing our resource. The oil resource is going to be needed in the next 20 years. Key is having a low cost of supply. And putting ourselves in a position to generate sustainable and industry-leading cash flow growth. Thats how were going to make -- maximize returns and value for our shareholders. Having said that, climate change is real, the greatest scientific challenge of the 21st century. Id recommend everybody to read Bill Gates book, how do we avoid a climate disaster, because it really talks about the technological challenges ahead of us, the innovation needed. There are no easy answers. The energy transition is going to take a long time, costs a lot of money and need technological breakthroughs to be able to provide more energy to the world, as I talked about before, but also get on a track to net zero emissions, greenhouse gas emissions by 2050. And one way that we are going to lead in that and be part of that is obviously get our own carbon footprint down for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. The targets that weve set for 2025 actually get us on a trajectory better and superior to the OGCI or the oil industry standards that have been set, number one. And number two, we are looking at groundbreaking research, and we think nature offers that opportunity to really make a difference and the work were doing at Salk Institute, were very enthusiastic about where most people dont realize, but theres more carbon in the soil than there is in the atmosphere. And if we can figure out by supporting the great research at the Salk Institute to capture and store carbon in the soil at a much higher rate and a much higher density than currently is being done, that could be a potential game changer and contribute to getting us to net zero carbon emissions. So, were trying to play our role, but the first, second and third priority is to maximize value for our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum with Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: I just wanted to just follow up on some of the Bakken conversations. You had a really attractive disposition earlier in the quarter. I think some of the ideology behind that was -- the production wasnt hooked up to some of the Hess Midstream. Are there still remaining assets out there that fit similar profiles that would be amenable to pruning right now?
John Hess: No. The majority of our inventory, very high-return locations, really underpinning, if you assumed a four-rig program, a 15-year drilling inventory. Thats intact. This is the southern most part that, quite frankly, the returns there werent as attractive as our current inventory. It wasnt accretive and strategic to Hess Midstream. So, I would say that was more of a one-off unique opportunity where we brought value forward. The rest of our acreage, were very excited to have. And again, as Greg said before, the key role of the Bakken is to generate cash flow and free cash flow for the Company. And were going to be guided by returns in terms of what our rig program is.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate that. And just a follow-up for me is just, you talked earlier about sort of the optimal level of Bakken production and really how it becomes like a cash cow now, and thats really its role in the portfolio. How do you think about the Gulf of Mexico along the same vein as it relates to sort of maintaining volumes? Are there attractive exploration targets there or tiebacks that youre looking at beyond 21 that sort of make sense here, or how does the gum fit in right now?
John Hess: Yes. Greg, I think it would be great if you would just talk about the role that the deepwater Gulf plays in terms of being a cash engine as well, but it does have some growth opportunities.
Greg Hill: Absolutely. So, the Gulf of Mexico is like the Bakken, remains an important cash engine and a platform for higher return opportunities for Hess. So, our minimum objective is to hold it flat. And we have an inventory of tieback opportunities that we believe we can hold it flat in the short term, three to four years probably, once we get back to work with some of the tieback opportunities. First, these high-return opportunities, Llano-6, which were currently evaluating with Shell, and if we sanction that, it could quickly add production, with expected first oil four months from the spud. And then, we also have a large number of exploration blocks. So, during the downturn, as you recall, when everybody was focused on the Permian, we stayed focused on the offshore, and we acquired 60 new leases in the Gulf, existing leases, so they wont be affected by the Biden moratorium potentially on new leases. And in that, we see some very good hub class opportunities as well, both in the Miocene and the emerging Cretaceous per foot [ph] play. So, wed like to get back to work on a hub class opportunity. The first one is likely going to be a well called Heron, [ph] which is a very large Miocene opportunity. So, weve got the inventory to, as a minimum, hold it flat and then potentially even grow it. But like the Bakken, investment in the Gulf of Mexico is going to be a function of returns and cash flow needs of the corporation. But, we certainly got the inventory to do it and would like to get back to work as soon as we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Just two things, I guess, to follow up on kind of on the smaller side of things, at least the first one. But, as you talked about the improvement in CapEx per well in the Bakken, I was just curious over the 19, 20, 21 period, is that truly apples-to-apples with the wells? In other words, kind of similar completion methods and what youre seeing in terms of production per well? In other words, is there an efficiency above and beyond what youre seeing on the CapEx side? And then, my other question was going to be on NOLs and the possibility of a changed tax rate, how you think about that affecting utilization of those over time?
John Hess: Yes. Greg, first and then John.
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. So, on the Bakken, no, those wells -- lets say, the last three years, weve been drilling the same types of wells really for the past three years. So, theres no differences in, say, like shorter laterals or anything like that, so that the trajectory of well costs coming down is purely lean manufacturing and technology gains along the way. And so, the wells that we are drilling this year have been the same. Theyve been 1.2 million barrel recoverable IP 180s of about 120, which was the same as last year. And I think importantly, IRRs averaging nearly 90% at current oil prices. So, again, a great inventory. Got a lot of confidence on my team, just as we showed with plug and perf or sliding sleeve, were doing the same with plug and perf. Through lean manufacturing and technology, we just continue to drive those well costs down and improve productivity as well.
John Rielly: Then Roger, on the tax policy. So, its a little early for me to be able to comment on them because what -- from whats been released, theres more headlines and theres just not that much detail on these areas. Now, to your point, we do have a significant net operating loss carryforward, which will mitigate the effects of increased tax rates or changes in depreciation method. So, well just have to wait for more detail.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett: I had a question, as you return to the southeast part of the block and explore, sounds like the targets are going to be those deeper penetrations in the Santonian. Can you talk about, one, is there a double opportunity there? Are there still ways to drill wells to hit Campanian plus Santonian? And maybe a broader question about the future of exploration. Are there big perhaps riskier prospects that you could target in future years that could be somewhat game changers that could move up the queue in terms of the development plan?
John Hess: Yes. Thanks, Bob. Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes. So, Bob, look, no, the Santonian really underlies the entire Liza complex. So, I dont want to imply that that the southeast portion of the block is the best area for the Santonian. It really underlies all of the Campanian. Now, having said that, we need more penetrations to understand it. And well get a number of penetrations this year through both ways that you suggested. One is through deepening deeper tails on Campanian exploration wells, but also some standalone Santonian penetrations as well. So, well get a good sense, with the four that we have under our belt, coupled with Apaches results, were pretty excited about the Santonian. But, weve just got more drilling to do. But again, the areal extent of the Santonian reservoir system is as big or bigger than the Liza complex. So, theyre -- I wouldnt pick any area as being particularly the sweet spot yet.
John Hess: Yes. And Bob, to your other point, we still see significant exploration prospectivity on this block as we drill more and get more seismic definition on drilling opportunities. Some of its going to be Campanian, some of its going to be Santonian, some of its going to be further out. Obviously, we have this aggressive and active program this year, theres more to come. And our partner, ExxonMobil, I think, in their investor day, made it pretty clear that theres potential to double the discovered resource on the block, and we would stand by that in terms of the exploration upside that still remains.
Operator: Our next question comes from Vin Lovaglio with Mizuho.
Vin Lovaglio: First one on cash return. Different operators have kind of laid out different strategies I think based on business mix, but mainly centered around percentage of operating cash flow or percentage of excess cash flow generated back to shareholders. You guys are in a unique spot with Guyana. Just wondering if the asset kind of pushes you in one direction or the other as far as percentage of operating cash flow, a percentage of free cash flow back to shareholders or maybe something entirely different. Thanks.
John Hess: Yes. Those formulas are mainly for shale producers, thats more an assembly line of cash flow generation. We have sustainable and industry-leading cash flow growth. So percentages I dont think are as relevant to us. But what weve been very clear on, as we generate free cash, as John Rielly said, the first priority is to pay down the term loan. And then after that, the majority of our free cash flow will go back as cash returns to shareholders first, increasing the dividend and then opportunistic share repurchases. So, the word majority is the keyword there.
Vin Lovaglio: Great. Thanks. And maybe just to Guyana quickly. You had outlined basically a one FPSO per year, kind of starting with Payara in 2024. In the release, you did mention at least six FPSOs by 2027. Im maybe reading a little bit too deep into it here. But, just wondering if theres any hurdles, factors or variables that we should be considering or that you guys are considering that could potentially accelerate the FPSO deployment schedule longer term?
John Hess: Yes. Look, our exploration appraisal program this year is to really help define what the fifth ship will be and potentially the sixth ship in terms of development. And I think the cadence of about 1 ship a year is the one were aiming at in terms of design one, build many, being capital disciplined, bringing value forward. ExxonMobil, as Greg said before, is doing an outstanding job of project management on building these ships and bringing them into theater. Obviously debugging Liza 1, but well benefit for Liza 2 in terms of that. And its basically this cadence of about one ship a year and the exploration appraisal program is to give definition to those future developments.
Operator: Our next question comes from Monroe Helm with Barrow Hanley.
Monroe Helm: Thank you very much for getting me in the queue. Congratulations on continuing to execute on your game plan, which is differentiated asset base and the market is starting to recognize it. Really had my questions kind of follow-on to the questions on the Santonian. Greg, can you be more specific about which well -- any of the wells that youve identified to drill in the first half of the year targeting the Santonian kind of as well along that line is whether or not what the long-held sidetracks about.
Greg Hill: Yes. So, there will be -- Monroe, certainly in the early first part of the year, first half of the year, Longtail-3 will have a tail on it. That will dip down into the Santonian, and Whiptail will as well. So, recall Whiptail is kind of the next Campanian on exploration prospect in the queue right after Koebi. So, both of those will have Santonian tails on them. And then, there will be other ones in the second half of the year. Were still trying to define the exact drilling order in the second half of the year. But, those are to be the first -- the next two.
Monroe Helm: And I think you said that there will be specific Santonian test. Is that correct?
Greg Hill: There will be, yes, at least one, that will be aimed at the Santonian itself.
Monroe Helm: My second question is, Exxon says that theres -- double the reserves for the exploration program. Does that include Santonian?
John Hess: Yes.
Monroe Helm: Okay. Thank you very much.
John Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.
John Hess: Thank you.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson - VP, IR John Hess - CEO Greg Hill - COO John Rielly - CFO
Analysts: Jeanine Wai - Barclays Capital Doug Leggate - Bank of America Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Josh Silverstein - Wolfe Research Ryan Todd - Simmons Energy Roger Read - Wells Fargo Paul Cheng - Scotiabank Bob Brackett - Bernstein Research
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2020 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Andrew and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning everyone, and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our Web site, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our Web site. As we have done in recent quarters, we will be posting transcripts of each speakers prepared remarks on our Web site following the presentations. As usual, online with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. I would like to welcome everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. I hope you and your families are well and staying healthy during these challenging times. Today, I will review our continued progress and executing our strategy. Then Greg Hill will discuss our operations, and John Rielly will review our financial performance. Our strategy has been and continues to be to grow our resource base, have a low cost of supply and sustain cash flow growth. Our differentiated portfolio is balanced between short cycle and long cycle assets with our focus on the best rocks for the best returns. The Bakken, deepwater Gulf of Mexico, and Southeast Asia are our cash engines, and Guyana is our growth engine. Guyana becomes a significant cash engine as multiple phases of low cost oil developments come online which we believe will drive our company's breakeven price to under $40 per barrel Brent and provide industry-leading cash flow growth over the course of the decade. As our portfolio generates increasing free cash flow, we will first prioritize debt reduction, and then increase cash returns to shareholders through dividend increases and opportunistic share repurchases. Turning to 2020, we achieved strong operating results overcoming difficult market conditions and the challenges of working safely in the pandemic. I am extremely proud of our workforce for delivering production in line with our original guidance despite a 40% reduction in our capital and exploratory expenditures. In response to the pandemic's severe impact on oil prices, our priorities have been to preserve cash, preserve our operating capability and to preserve the long-term value of our assets. In terms of preserving cash, we came into 2020 with approximately 80% of our oil production hedged with PUD options for 130,000 barrels per day at $55 per barrel West Texas Intermediate and 20,000 barrels per day at $60 per barrel Brent. To enhance cash flow and maximize the value of our production, last March and April, when U.S. oil storage was near capacity, we chartered three very large crude carriers or VLCCs to store approximately 2 million barrels each of May, June and July Bakken crude oil production. The first VLCC cargo of 2.1 million barrels was sold in China at a premium to Brent in September. And the second and third VLCC cargos have been sold at a premium to Brent for delivery in the first quarter of 2021. We reduced our capital and exploratory spend for 2020 by 40% from our original budget of $3 billion down to $1.8 billion. The majority of this reduction came from dropping from a six rig program in the Bakken to one rig. We also reduced our 2020 cash operating cost by $275 million. In 2020, we strengthened the company's cash and liquidity position through a $1 billion three-year term loan initially underwritten by JPMorgan Chase. In addition, we have an undrawn $3.5 billion revolving credit facility and no material debt maturities until 2023. During the fourth quarter, we closed on the sale of our 28% interest in the Shenzi field in the Gulf of Mexico for a total consideration of $505 million, bringing value forward in the low-price environment. In terms of preserving capability, a key for us in 2020 was continuing to operate one rig in the Bakken. Greg Hill and our Bakken team have made tremendous progress over the past 10 years in lean manufacturing capabilities and innovative practices which have delivered significant cost efficiencies and productivity improvements that we want to preserve for the future. In terms of preserving the long-term value of our assets, Guyana, with its low cost of supply and industry-leading financial returns remains our top priority. On the Stabroek Block, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator, 2020 was another outstanding year. Three oil discoveries during the year, at Uaru, Redtail-1 and Yellowtail-2 brought total discoveries on the Stabroek Block to 18. The estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources on the block was increased to approximately $9 billion barrels of oil equivalent and we continue to see multibillion barrels of future exploration potential remaining. In December, production from Liza Phase 1 reached its full capacity of 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day. The Liza Phase 2 development is on track to achieve first oil in early 2022 with a capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. Another key 2020 milestone was the sanctioning of our third oil development on the Stabroek Block in September at the Payara field. Payara will have a capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day and is expected to achieve first oil in 2024. Turning to our plans for 2021, to protect our cash flows, we have hedged 120,000 barrels per day with $45 per barrel WTI PUD options and 20,000 barrels per day with $50 per barrel Brent PUD options. Our 2021 capital and exploratory budget is $1.9 billion, of which more than 80% will be allocated to Guyana and the Bakken. Our three sanctioned oil developments on the Stabroek Block have break-even Brent oil prices of between $25 and $35 per barrel; world class by any measure. Front-end engineering and design work for a fourth development at the Yellowtail area is underway, and we hope to submit the development plan to the government for approval before year-end. We continue to see the potential for at least five FPSOs to produce more than 750,000 gross barrels of oil per day by 2026, and longer term for up to 10 FPSOs to develop the current discovered recoverable resource base. We will continue to invest in an active exploration and appraisal program in Guyana in 2021 with 12 to 15 wells planned for the block. The Hassa-1 exploration well recently encountered approximately 50 feet of oil-bearing reservoir in deeper geologic internals. Although the well did not find oil in primary shallower target areas, the Hassa well results confirm a working petroleum system and provide valuable information about the future exploration prospectively for this part of the block. In the Bakken, we plan to add a second rig during the first quarter, which will allow us to sustain production in the range of 175,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for several years and protect the long-term cash flow generation from this important asset. As we continue to execute our strategy, our Board, our leadership team, and our employees will be guided by our longstanding commitment to sustainability and the Hess values. We are proud to have been recognized throughout 2020 by a number of third-party organizations for the quality of our environmental, social, and governance performance and disclosure. In December, we achieved leadership status in CDP's Annual Global Climate Analysis for the 12th consecutive year, and earned a place on the Dow Jones sustainability index for North America for the 11th consecutive year. In summary, our priorities will remain to preserve cash, preserve capability, and preserve the long term value of our assets. By investing only in high a return low cost opportunities, we have built a differentiated portfolio of assets that we believe will provide industry leading cash flow growth for over the course of the decade. As our free cash flow grows, we will first prioritize debt reduction and then return of capital to shareholders, both in terms of dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. I also hope that everyone on the call is well and staying safe. 2020 marked another year of strong performance and strategic execution for Hess despite the challenging conditions on many fronts. In particular, I would like to call out several operational highlights from the year. First, across our company we have implemented comprehensive COVID-19 health and safety measures including health screenings and testing, extended work schedules at offshore platforms, and social distancing initiatives. All based on government and public health agency's guidance. I am truly grateful to our Hess response team and our global workforce for their commitment to keeping their colleagues and our community safe during the pandemic. Second, in the Bakken despite dropping from six rigs to one in May, our full-year net production came in well above our original guidance for the year, and 27% above that of 2019. These results reflect the strong performance of our plug and perf completions, increased natural gas capture, and the quality of our anchorage position. Third, in Guyana, we made significant advances on all three of our sanctioned developments on the Stabroek block with Liza Phase 1 reaching its full production capacity in December. Liza Phase 2 remaining on track for first oil early next year. And Payara sanctioned in September with first oil expected in 2024. Continued exploration and appraisal success increased the gross recoverable resource estimate for the block to approximately 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Now turning to our operations, proved reserves the end of 2020 stood at 1.17 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Net proved reserve additions in 2020 totaled 170 million barrels of oil equivalent including negative net price revisions of 79 million barrels of oil equivalent, which resulted in overall 2020 production replacement ratio of 95% and a finding and development cost of $15.25 per barrel of oil equivalent. Excluding price related revisions, our production replacement ratio was 158% with an F&D cost of $9.10 per barrel of oil equivalent. Turning to production, in the fourth quarter of 2020, company wide net production averaged 309,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, above our guidance of approximately 300,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, driven by higher natural gas capture in the Bakken and higher natural gas nominations in Southeast Asia. For the full-year 2021, we forecast net production to average approximately 310,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. For the first quarter of 2021, we forecast net production to average approximately 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. In the Bakken, fourth quarter net production averaged 189,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of approximately 9% above the year-ago quarter and above our guidance of 180,000 to 185,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full-year 2020, Bakken net production averaged 193,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of approximately 27% compared to 2019 and well above our original full-year guidance of 180,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day despite dropping from six rigs to one in May. We have a robust inventory of more than 1,800 drilling locations in the Bakken that can generate attractive returns at current oil prices, representing approximately 60 rig years of activity. With WTI prices now in the range of $50 per barrel, we will add a second operated drilling rig during the first quarter. A two rig program will enable us to hold net production flat at approximately 175,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and will sustain strong long-term cash generation from this important asset. In 2020, our drilling and completion costs per Bakken well averaged $6.2 million which was $600,000 or 9% lower than 2019. In 2021, we expect D&C costs average below $6 million per well. Over the full-year, we expect to drill 55 gross operated wells and bring approximately 45 new wells online. This compares to 71 wells drilled and 111 wells brought online in 2020. In the first quarter of 2021, we expect to drill approximately 10 wells and bring four new wells online. Bakken net production is forecast to average approximately 170,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for both the first quarter and for the full-year 2021. Our four-year forecasts reflects the impact of a planned 45-day shut down for the type of gas plant in the third quarter, which is expected to reduce full-year net production by approximately 7,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day, predominantly affecting natural gas production. During the shutdown, we will perform a turnaround and time the planned expansion project completed in 2020, which will then increase capacity to 400 million cubic feet per day from the plants current 250 million cubic feet per day capacity. Now moving to the offshore, in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 32,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter, and 56,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full-year 2020, fourth quarter net production came in below our guidance of 40,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day due to the early closing of the Shenzi sale and extended hurricane recovery downtime, at two third-party operated production platforms. In 2021, no new wells are planned in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico and we forecast net production from our assets to average approximately 45,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This includes the impact of planned maintenance shutdowns in both the second and third quarters. The Deepwater Gulf of Mexico remains a very important cash engine for the company, as well as a platform for future growth. In Malaysia and the joint development area and the Gulf of Thailand, where Hess has a 50% interest, net production average 56,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 52,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full-year 2020. Fourth quarter production was above our guidance at 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day because of higher natural gas nominations. For the full-year 2021, net production for Malaysia and the JDA is forecast to average approximately 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Turning to Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest in the Stabroek Block and ExxonMobil is the operator. In 2020, we announced three new discoveries bringing the total number of discoveries to 18 and increasing our estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources to approximately 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent and we continue to see multi-billion barrels of exploration upside on the Stabroek Block and we are planning an active exploration program in 2021. In March, the operator will bring a fifth drillship, the Stena Drillmax into theater and in April six drillship, The Noble Sam Croft. We plan to drill 12 to 15 exploration and appraisal wells in 2021 that will target a variety of prospects and play types. These will include lower risk wells near existing discoveries, higher risk step outs, and several penetrations that will test deeper lower Campanian and Santonian intervals. This ramped up program will allow us to accelerate exploration of the block and enable optimum sequencing of future developments. In addition, the emerging deep play, which we believe to have significant potential needs further drilling to determine its commerciality and ultimate value. Over the next several months, we will participate in two exploration wells and two appraisal wells on the Stabroek Block. The next exploration well to be drilled is [Koebi-1] [Ph], which is located approximately 16 miles Northeast of Liza. This well will target Liza type Campanian aged reservoirs, and is expected to spud in February using The Stena Carron drillship. In March, we expect to spud the Longtail-3 appraisal well, which will provide additional data in the Turbot, Longtail area and we will drill a deeper section that will target lower Campanian and Santonian geologic intervals, the Stena DrillMAX were drilled as well. Moving to April, we expect to spud the Yellowtail-2 appraisal well utilizing the Noble Don Taylor drillship, success here and at Mako-2, which will be drilled later this year, could move the Mako Uaru area forward in the development queue. Then in May, we plan to spud the Redtail-1 one exploration well located approximately 12 miles east of Liza. This well will test Campanian and Santonian aged reservoirs and will be drilled by the Stena DrillMAX. Turning now to our Guyana developments, in mid-December, the Liza Destiny floating production storage and offloading vessel achieved its nameplate capacity of 120,000 gross barrels of oil equivalent per day. And since then has been operating at that level are higher. During 2021, the operator intends to evaluate and pursue options to increase nameplate capacity. For 2021, we forecast net production from Guyana will average approximately 30,000 barrels of oil per day with planned maintenance and optimization downtime being broadly offset by an increase in nameplate capacity. The Liza Phase 2 development remains on track for first oil in early 2022. The overall project, including the FPSO drilling and subsea infrastructure is approximately 85% complete. We anticipate that the Liza Unity FPSO, which will have a capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day to sale from the Keppel shipyard in Singapore to Guyana by mid-year. Payara, our third sanction development on the Stabroek Block will utilize an FPSO with a gross production capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day with first oil expected in 2024. The hole for the prosperity FPSO is complete, top site construction activities are underway, and we expect integration of the hole and top sites to begin at the Keppel yard in Singapore by year-end. Front-end engineering and design work is ongoing for our fourth development at Yellowtail. This work will continue through 2021, and we anticipate being ready to submit a plan of development to the Government of Guyana for approval in the fourth quarter. In closing, our execution continues to be strong. The Bakken and our offshore assets in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia are performing well, and continue to generate significant cash flow, and Guyana continues to get bigger and better. All of which positions us to deliver industry-leading cash flow growth and significant shareholder value over the course of the next decade. I will now turn the call over to John Riley.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today I will compare results from the fourth quarter of 2020 to the third quarter of 2020, and provide guidance for 2021. We incurred a net loss of $97 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared with a net loss of $243 million in the third quarter of 2020. On an adjusted basis, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, we incurred a net loss of $176 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to a net loss of $216 million in the previous quarter. Fourth quarter results including after-tax gain of $79 million from the sale of our interests in the Shenzi Field. Turning to E&P, on an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $118 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to a net loss of $156 million in the previous quarter. The after-tax changes and adjusted E&P results between the fourth quarter and third quarter were as follows: higher realized selling prices improve results by $18 million, higher sales volumes improve results by $11 million, lower DD&A expense improve results by $40 million, lower exploration expenses improve results by $12 million, higher cash costs driven by workovers and hurricane-related maintenance costs in the Gulf of Mexico reduced results by $41 million, all other items reduced results by $2 million for an overall increase in fourth quarter results of $38 billion. Our E&P operations were overlifted compared with production in the fourth quarter by approximately 1.6 million barrels resulting in an increased after-tax income of approximately $15 million. Turning to Midstream, the Midstream segment had net income of $62 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to net income of $56 million in the previous quarter. Midstream EBITDA before non-controlling interests amounted to $198 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to $180 million in the previous quarter. Turning to corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $120 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared to an adjusted after-tax expense of $116 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position, at quarter-end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were approximately $1.74 billion, and our total liquidity was $5.4 billion, including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $6.6 billion. Our fully undrawn $3.5 billion revolving credit facility is committed through May 2023. In November 2020, we completed the previously-announced sale of our 28% working interest in the Shenzi Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico for net proceeds of $482 million. Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $532 million in the fourth quarter of 2020, compared with $468 million in the previous quarter, primarily due to higher crude oil sales volumes. In the fourth quarter, net cash provided from operating activities after changes in working capital was $486 million compared with $136 million in the prior quarter. Proceeds from the September sale of the first VLCC cargo of 2.1 million barrels of oil were received in October. We've entered into agreements to sell the second and third VLCC cargos totaling 4.2 million barrels of oil in the first quarter of 2021. We expect to recognize net income of approximately $60 million in the first quarter from these sales, including associated hedging gains and costs. First quarter of 2021 net cash provided by operating activities after changes in working capital is expected to include approximately $115 million of cash flow from these sales. For calendar year of 2021, we have purchased WTI PUD options for 100,000 barrels of oil per day that have an average monthly floor price of $45 per barrel and Brent PUD options for 20,000 barrels of oil per day that have an average monthly floor price of $50 per barrel. Now, turning to guidance, first, for EMP, we project EMP cash cost excluding Libya to be in the range of $10.50 to $11.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and for the full-year 2021. DD&A expense, excluding Libya is forecast to be in the range of $12 to $13 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and for the full-year 2021. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $22.50 to $24.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and for the full-year 2021. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million in the first quarter and $170 million to $180 million for the full-year 2021. The midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $265 million to $275 million in the first quarter, and $1.09 billion to $1.12 billion for the full-year 2021. E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million for the first quarter and $80 million to $90 million for the full-year 2021. As highlighted earlier, we have purchased crude oil hedge positions for calendar year 2021. We expect non-cash option premium amortization which will be reflected in our realized selling prices to reduce our results by approximately $37 million per quarter. Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $425 million in the first quarter and approximately $1.9 billion for the full-year 2021. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $70 million to $80 million in the first quarter and $280 million to $290 million for the full-year 2021. Corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million for the first quarter, and $130 million to $140 million for the full-year 2021. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $95 million to $100 million for the first quarter, and $380 million to $390 million for the full-year 2021. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. [Operator Instructions] First question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my question.
John Hess: Good morning.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning.
Greg Hill: Good morning.
Jeanine Wai: My questions are on Guyana. My first one is the Stena Carron drillship completed appraisal work at the Redtail well. Do you have any color on the appraisal results? And I think it was supposed to include a drill stem test, but I'm not sure on the status of that.
John Hess: Yes, Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes. Thank you, Jeanine. First of all, the results of the Redtail well in the past were very positive. And so, what it does is it really confirms our excitement about the large volume of very high quality reservoir and reservoir fluids in and around what I call the greater -- Yellowtail area. And that's a big reason why Yellowtail now is going to be the focus of the fourth development, which we said in our remarks we hope to submit a plan of development to the Guyanese government by the fourth quarter of this year. So, very exciting results and very exciting development coming forward.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thank you. And my follow-up is also on Guyana. I loved all the details about where you're going for exploration and appraisal this year. You mentioned the results -- depending on results of the appraisal at Mako that that could get moved up in the queue. And I was just wondering what you're seeing at Mako that puts it ahead of maybe some of the other potential development areas? Thank you.
John Hess: Yes, Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes, sure Jeanine. So, what we said was that assuming good results at Mako and Uaru-2, that remember is very close to Liza-2 and it's kind of in between Yellowtail and Liza-2. So, we know that the reservoir quality and the crude quality is going to be very high in that region. So, that's why it will move up further in the queue because if it's what we think it is, that will be very high value barrels that we'll want to move forward.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Thank you for taking my question.
John Hess: Thank you. And that could potentially be the first ship basically.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning. Happy New Year, guys. I appreciate you taking my questions. Greg, let me start with Hassa and the somewhat quick description John gave of the deeper horizons. You talked about the possibility of the Santonian and a number of other tests extending the life of some of the early stages. So, I'm just wondering is this a continuation of that Santonian trend that we saw in Hassa, and if so, why would you describe it as -- I guess how would you describe it, as a successful well, as an unsuccessful well? How have you reported it to the government?
Greg Hill: Well, I think -- look, well, the Hassa well one didn't encounter commercial quantities of hydrocarbons in the primary campaign objective as we mentioned Doug in our opener, it did encounter approximately 50 net feet of pay in the deeper Santonian section. So, further evaluation of those deep results are going to be incorporated in our future ex-pricing development plans for the area and will provide some very useful calibration for prospects and developments in the surrounding areas. So, the petroleum system is working. We found 50 net feet of good oil in the Santonian. So, now we need to process on what that means, but I think it's a very positive sign for the Santonian.
Doug Leggate: So, would that be reported as a discovery then?
Greg Hill: No, because the well is still under evaluation.
Doug Leggate: Okay, alright. My follow-up John Rielly, you've obviously involved in some protection, can you talk about the -- I don't know if you [indiscernible] your prepared remarks about the amortization schedule. What's really behind my question is at which [indiscernible] you're going to be pretty close to cash breakeven including dividend this year, how would you characterize that statement? Does that sound reasonable to you with what we know today? And if so, what is the incremental priority for free cash in terms of where you want the balance sheet to be? So, basically it's a free cash flow question and a balance sheet question for 2021.
John Hess: Go ahead, John.
John Rielly: Sure. So, I think first you were saying for the hedges themselves for our 100,000 of barrels a day of WTI PUD options that we have at $45 and then the 20,000 barrels a day for Brent production that we have at $50. The amortization of that is going to be $37 million per quarter. So, we like it. We've got nice protection on the down side because obviously again, this is a big year for us just to kind of complete the development of Liza phase 2 and as you know when Liza phase 2 comes on, it gets approximately 60,000 barrels a day of Brent based production. The cash cost of that Liza phase 2 is going to be more around $10 pre any purchase of the FPSO versus the first one being at $12 just from the economies of scale. So, you can put any type of Brent price in there and take out the $10 cash cost, and you can see there is going to be a significant inflection for us on cash flow once Phase 2 comes on. So, for this year, Doug, from a cash flow standpoint what we were looking to do? So, the first thing we were looking to do was to get the hedges placed. So, we have insurance on the downside. Coming into the year effectively, as I mentioned, we have $1.74 billion of cash at year-end, and as I said in my remarks, we are going to complete the sales of the two VLCCs, and it's going to give us cash flow of approximately $150 million in the first quarter. So, on a pro forma basis, we basically have $1.9 billion of cash going into the year. So I want to say, I mean I don't want to guess on oil prices, but we have got the downside protected, we are coming in with a very strong cash balance here from that standpoint, and therefore at these higher prices, obviously this helps with our funding program here for Guyana. So when Phase 2 comes on depending on what prices are, with our insurance now, we know we are going to have a nice cash cushion at that point. And then, we are going to be in this significant inflection point of getting much higher cash flow. And depending on prices there, the portfolio can just continue to generate free cash flow. Or, for some reason prices go back down in that period, as I said Guyana will still be generating free cash flow even at very low prices once Phase 2 comes on like $40 type prices. And then when Payara comes on, if it was really low prices would still be generating free cash flow. So, we put ourselves in a good position with a very strong cash position, hedges protection, should be nice year with prices at this level, and then a big inflection when Phase 2 starts.
John Hess: And to complement what John is saying. The priority, once we get to that free cash flow inflection, is to pay down our term loan. And then after that, the majority of the free cash flow will increase cash returns to our shareholders prioritizing the dividend first.
Doug Leggate: So, John, not to deliver the question, so you are happy with about a $5 billion debt balance is that the implication?
John Rielly: When we pay down that term loan debt?
Doug Leggate: Yes.
John Rielly: Yes. So as we pay down that term loan, our debt to EBITDA when the Guyana FPSOs keep coming on, we are going to drive under our two times target fairly quickly. So, yes, that's where we would like to be, right there. Get that term loan paid off. And then as John said, then start increasing dividend and opportunistic share repurchases.
Doug Leggate: That's sustaining. Thanks again guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning, gents.
John Hess: Good morning, Arun.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, John, I want to start off with your thoughts on the evolving regulatory landscape post the election. And maybe, get your perspective on potential implications to Hess from the anticipated executive order later today on canceling lease sales. And if the government takes a more restrictive stance on permits post the 60-day moratorium? And perhaps as well to John Rielly, thoughts on IDCs and how -- I know you have material NOL balances, but just thoughts on risk to IDCs as well.
John Hess: Yes. No, Arun, great question. Obviously, we also understand the President will make an announcement later today on Federal lands and also some points I think about climate. I think it's important for everyone to realize that only about 2% of our Bakken acreage is on Federal land. So, this pronouncement will not have an impact on our Bakken activities. And in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, as I heard Greg say earlier that we have no drilling plan for this year in the deepwater Gulf, and it remains to be seen what he is going to say about existing acreage and drilling permits for the deepwater, but we have no drilling plan this year. I think the most important point here is that the administration as it makes these decisions to address climate change that they have to be not only climate literate but energy literate. And they have to realize that oil & gas are strategic engine for the U.S. economy, especially at a time that we are trying to recover the economy from COVID. And that importance in jobs, we have over 12 million direct and indirect jobs. In terms of low energy cost for our working class families, our power cost in large part because of shale gas are half what they are in Europe. And in terms of national security, where we are energy independent, in large part because of shale oil and shale gas, so it's just a question of finding the balance here. And hopefully, as the administration moves forward, they will extend the hand as well, we define common ground to make sure we do everything we can to address climate change, but also that oil and gas play a key role in the economy's recovery. And John, you want to talk about the IDCs?
John Rielly: Sure, so yes, you are right, Arun for us obviously, they change what they're doing with the IDC, there will be an alternative period of recovery; I don't know over how many years EOP or a different year term. For us, though, while it's negative for U.S. oil supply in general, it's not going to have a material impact to us, due to our NOL position, we do have a significant net operating loss position here. So, for us paying cash taxes, anything in the near-term regarding to the IDC, that will not change our profile.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And my follow-up is, John Rielly, the cash costs guide was a little bit lower this year than our model. So I was wondering if you could maybe get us oriented on how or where your expectations are for Liza 1, kind of cash operating costs. I think you still are paying the rental fee on the FPSO. So would love to hear what those costs are and any expectations around Liza 2 with the bigger boat?
John Rielly: Yes, so for Liza Phase 1 it's $12 per barrel, basically. And now we're at full capacity here. That's the cash cost per barrel while we're in the rental period. And you're correct, we have it in our numbers for the whole year, post an FPSO purchase, it'll drop down into the $8 to $9 type range for Liza Phase 1. As I mentioned, Liza Phase 2 actually, the cash cost will be approximately $10 per barrel while the FPSO is being leased. And then it's going to drop to $7 to $8 per barrel post the purchase of the FPSO. So, again for us, every time you know an FPSO comes online, it's going to help our cash costs. And it's also by the way, going to help our DD&A rates, so right now, Liza Phase 1 is the current DD&A rate is below our portfolio average, again due to the low F&D costs, so when Liza Phase 2 comes on, ultimately when it's up full and running here, and you get to the full scale, again, that F&D is very low. And that's going to continue to drive our DD&A down. So again, we look forward for every FPSO to come on in Guyana.
Arun Jayaram: Thanks.
John Rielly: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Thank you, good morning.
John Rielly: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer: I want to start on the Bakken. You've highlighted at the beat on production on a BOE per day basis has come from in part from GAAP capture, and then some of the impacts of pricing on NGL contracts and percent of proceeds contracts, on a forward-looking basis, I wondered if you could provide some color on what you expect the oil production outlook to be in the first quarter and the full-year? Where you stand in terms of gas flaring? And what the upside could be from further gas capturing?
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes, so let me start with flaring Brian. So we're well below the 9% required by the state in 2020, we achieved that in particular in the fourth quarter, and that's why our gas capture volumes increased. This year, we plan to gather more gas and get our flaring down even lower. So as part of our continued focus on sustainability, we want to drive that gas flaring as low as possible, obviously. So you'll see us continue to add infrastructure with our partner in the midstream to gather as much gas as we possibly can. Now if we talk about the oil, so the decline in oil is purely related to the wells online. So in Q3, we had 22 wells online. In Q4, we hit 12 wells online. And in Q1, we only added in Q1 of this year, we will only put four wells online. So naturally, you're going to get some oil decline associated with that, however, as that second rig kicks in, which we really see the effects of in the second-half of the year, that's when oil will begin to stabilize and be flat from then on, with that second rig. So again, it's really just a mix issue of gas that changes your percentage on a total company basis and then the oil is purely a function of the wells online, but that will stabilize - the company will stabilize the 175,000 barrels a day flat for a number of years.
Brian Singer: Great, thanks. And then second question goes back to Guyana. Now that you've gotten Phase 1 ramped up to the 120,000 barrels a day and it seemed like you're hinting that that capacity could actually be raised this year. Can you talk about how you're planning Phase 2 and the potential speed at which that could be ramped up to a full capacity, knowing some of the lessons of 2020 in terms of gas capture et cetera?
John Hess: Great. Yes, Brian, thanks for that. Certainly, I would expect the ramp up of Phase 2 to go faster because as you say all of those learnings have been incorporated into the ramp of into Phase 2. So I would expect it to go much smoother because remember all of our issues were associated with the gas system and those have been fixed in Phase 2.
Brian Singer: Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Josh Silverstein with Wolfe Research.
Josh Silverstein: Hi, good morning, guys. Just to ask a follow-up question
John Hess: Good morning.
Josh Silverstein: Good morning. Just to ask a follow-up question to talk, I'm sorry if I just missed this, but when you guys start to stabilize around the 175,000 range around there, what does the production mix look like? Or does it still kind of change on a quarterly basis just based on some of the wall timing?
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes. So, of course, you will always get -- there's two factors going on. One, which I mentioned, which is yes it is a function of when wells come online, so you get some minor changes associated with that. But then, of course, the bigger thing when I'm talking about total production on a barrel equivalent basis is really all the gas are gathering, including third party volumes, which remember a portion of that is subject to a percent of proceeds contracts. So a lot of times when you see those numbers moving around, particularly on the percentage of oil versus gas, it's all related to that gas gathering, including third party and NGL prices, which affect your pop contracts, but oil will be flat with a two rig program. And then for the whole company, the 175,000 barrels a day equivalent would be flat with the two rigs.
Josh Silverstein: Got it, understood, thanks for that. And then I'm just curious on the balance sheet and asset sales, obviously you sold Shenzi late last quarter to help support the cash balance there in Guyana development. I know some of this will be opportunistic, but these are cash flowing engines of the company. And I'm just wondering how much of the remaining portfolio you guys may wanted to divest or maybe market right now I know in the past Denmark had be looked at as an asset for sale. So I am just curious there will be some ongoing divestiture program as Guyana wants some.
John Hess: Yes, obviously in the normal course of business as we've shown, we always look to optimize our portfolio where we see value opportunities where there are opportunities to sell assets that meet our value expectations. Obviously that was the case in Shenzi. And there are maybe a few cases where there are some assets, other assets, as you mentioned that may meet that criteria as well. So, if they meet our criteria for value expectations, we'll move forward, but commenting more than that would be inappropriate.
Josh Silverstein: Got it, understood. Thanks, guys.
John Hess: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy.
Ryan Todd: Good. Thanks. Maybe one follow-up on the Bakken discovery, can you provide any additional color on the expected trajectory at least in general of production in the Bakken over the course of the year? And should we expect some amount of modest decline during the first-half before the second rig stabilizes production and then an exit rate that's closer to the 175,000 barrel a day long-term target?
John Hess: Yes, Greg.
Greg Hill: Yes. I think that's fair. Yes, because really the impact of the second rig does not kick in until the second-half of the year. So, you will have some very moderate decline in oil. And then as I mentioned before, on a total production basis will be a function of NGL prices, right? We fully expect NGL prices to normalize in the second quarter, so we get some pickup in the second, third, and fourth quarter as NGL prices normalize.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe one in Guyana, I know it may be early, but given the differences in both development plan and capital budgets for Phase 2 and Phase 3 developments in Guyana, can you talk a little bit about expectations for FPSO 4, whether resource density and our infrastructure requirements would kind of lean more one way or the other in terms of implications for the CapEx budget going forward?
John Hess: Yes, Greg, you might talk about the reservoir and oil quality there.
Greg Hill: Sure.
John Hess: And the attractiveness of the economics.
Greg Hill: Yes. So, and then I'll give the capital to John Riley, but Yellowtail, again very high quality reservoir. And we would expect it to be between Liza 2 and Payara in terms of -- it's breakeven oil price, right, so, somewhere between at $25 and $32 breakeven is where we anticipate Yellowtail will come across, because again, this is an extremely high quality reservoir and very high quality fluid. So, that's one of the reasons it's jumping forward, in the queue and really being kind of the next cab off the rank if you will, because it's very high value development. Ryan, I wanted to add one thing to my Bakken comment last time. Also remember in the third quarter we had the Tioga gas plant turnaround. So, you will see a dip in production in the third quarter, but that's all gas, primarily oil is going to be rocking along just fine.
Ryan Todd: Okay, perfect. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you. Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Roger Read: Just wanted to ask one question on Guyana in reference to the expectation that Phase 1 can maybe move above nameplate, I know earlier in 2020 there were some surface issues, and so, as you look at the ability to go above, can you kind of give us an idea of how much of this is subsurface outperformance, how much of it is surface debottlenecking, and maybe just a more broad sort of understanding of how the wells themselves have been performing?
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes. Yes, thanks for the question. First of all, the wells are performing extremely well. I mean these reservoirs are some of the best in the world. The wells continue to do as good or better than we thought. So, any constraints if you will that have occurred in 2020 had purely been as a results of the top sites. Now, for the last week, we've been operating around 127,000 barrels a day pretty steady in Phase 1. And as you mentioned, the operator now is conducting the studies to put project in place to further increase on that capacity, plans or to do that in the third quarter. So, we'll have a shutdown period to be able to do that. That's going to be piping changes and basically just kind of debottlenecking, some tight spots that you might have in the facility. So, that's why our forecasted volumes for the year 2021, our 30,000 barrels of oil met us, because you get some pickup from that optimization that the operator is planning to do, offset a little bit by the shutdown time required to do it, but this vessel will definitely have higher throughput next year.
Roger Read: Okay, great. Thank you.
John Hess: Meaning this year and next year, right Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes, sorry, '21. Sorry, John. You got me again.
John Hess: Okay, fine.
Greg Hill: Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Hi, thank you. Good morning, guys.
John Hess: Hey, good morning, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Talking about the Yellowtail, you guys had a good quarter. I know that's wonderful. Can you make some preliminary expectation, what is the unit development cost, is that comparable to Liza 2 or more like Payara?
John Hess: No. As I said, Paul, I think this development is probably going to fall between Payara and Phase 2. So, somewhere closer to, we believe we'd be closer to Phase 2. And so, you could assume development costs be very similar somewhere between Phase 2 in Payara. These are very good reservoirs, very high deliverability, very high quality crude oil. That's why that breakeven is in between the two, it really comes down to just how much infrastructure will you need, but won't need to much Payara, may little need a little bit more than Phase 2.
Paul Cheng: Okay. You mentioned about a two-week Bakken program, two question on there, first, what is the oil production that you will be able to do based on that? I mean, we understand the gas will swing due to the capture way, but you're saying that oil will be priced? That is so what that number that you expect? And whether that based on what you see today? We need that the program that you expect for the next several years, that even with a change in the commodity prices how that impact that program?
John Hess: Well, let me start with your second question first, Paul. As we've said, our plan is to hold two rigs through 2021. Now, assuming oil prices improve in the future, what we'd like to do is eventually get the rig count to four in the Bakken. By getting the rig count to four will not only generate significant amount of cash flow, but we'll also be able to hold production in the Bakken broadly flat at around 200,000 barrels a day, equivalent for almost 10 years. Why would we want to do that because we have 1,800 well locations left that at current prices generate very high returns? Now if I look at this year's program, in particular, remember, I'm going to bring 45 wells online this year, the program is very similar to last year in that the IP-180 will be the same as last year, 120,000 barrels of oil IP-180 very good wells and add current returns, if you look at the IRR of that program, this year of those 45 wells, it's 95% rate of return. And so, I've got another after this year, I'll have another 1750 wells that are in those very high returns that of course I want to get, I'd like to develop. But I think it was we've said before Paul, the role of the Bakken in the portfolio is to be a cash generator. So the rate at which we invest in the Bakken will be a function of corporate cash flow needs. But you can see the pent-up potential on the Bakken is very large with some very good return opportunities.
John Rielly: And to be clear to everyone following, the oil cut at the wellhead really not has not changed, the oil changes is downstream. How much gas we capture, how many wells we're bringing online, and what the NGL prices are? So the quality of oil at the wellhead is the same, that percent hasn't changed. Now, what changes in the corporate accounting is due to what happens downstream as I mentioned.
Paul Cheng: Hey, so what is that oil production that you expect that two rig program can do?
John Hess: Well, I think broadly, what once this level is out, I think broadly you can expect oil around 90,000 barrels a day in the third and fourth quarter.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And the next one is for John Rielly, John your DD&A expectation for the year is really low comparing to your fourth quarter and your fourth quarter [indiscernible] probably do close to $16, and you're expecting you're going to be at $12 to $13 for the first quarter as well as for the full-year. So, where are we seeing that picture in your unit DD&A?
John Hess: John?
John Rielly: Sure, Paul. Yes, thanks John. The driver of this is the increase in our year-end 2020 proved develop reserves. So, you saw our reserve replacement, but I guess another aspect of this is that our proved develop reserves are up to about 70% of our proved reserves. So, it's up 13% over year-on-year, excluding the asset sales. So, you've got -- Bakken obviously proved developed reserves adds still net even after price revisions, you have Guyana again picking up proved developed reserves here as more and more wells and the performance from Phase 2. And then you've got some good amount of transfers from PUDs that moved into proved developed reserves, approximately 100 million barrels there, and it's offset obviously by current production. So, it's really the driver of proved developed reserves increasing significantly from last year. And then you have a combination of a year-over-year production mix. So, as I mentioned, Guyana right now it is below our portfolio average. And so, Guyana's production is increasing. So that's going to overall drive down the DD&A rates. And again, Bakken's DD&A rate while still higher is coming down from 2020 just due to the proved develop adds. So, again a good year for reserve ads.
Paul Cheng: My final question on the Gulf of Mexico, how many permits that you have currently in hand, if you have any?
John Hess: Paul, we don't need any permits this year at all. We're not
Paul Cheng: I understand
John Hess: We're not planning any
Paul Cheng: I understand that you are not going to drill anything, but I just want to see that if you have any permit that in hand, given that the permit can last for two years, and then possible that for extension.
John Hess: Let's see where the President comes out on what his drilling regulations are. And then, right now we don't have any permits in hand because we don't have any need for the next year, right.
Paul Cheng: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett: Good morning, all.
John Hess: Good morning, Bob.
Bob Brackett: I'll risk a bit of a long-winded question, so the lean of the FPSO destiny had a mid-year 2019 departure from Singapore and a single installation campaign, which resulted in first oil on December 20th of 2019, the same year. You've mentioned that Liza unity FPSO has a mid-year 2021 departure from Singapore, and it has two installation campaigns and obviously more risers and umbilicals. How should I contrast the timeline of hookup integration commissioning, and then ultimately the shape of the production ramp for unity versus destiny?
John Hess: Go ahead, Greg.
Greg Hill: Yes. So, Bob, you're right, I mean there's two installation programs. That's why officially first oil is early 2022. Now because of those two programs, there are still some contingency in the projects. So, if everything goes right, you could maybe get that best launch just a little bit earlier, right? So, all going very well, as I said in my remarks, project is 85% complete, vessel due to sail away early in the summer, get it on location and then do that very active hookup program that'll put a square little bit first oil in the early part of 2022. Now the ramp, as I mentioned earlier, we anticipate that ramp will go much smoother. Of course in Phase 1, and that's because all of the learnings which were in the gas system, remember all of the learnings have been applied to the gas system on Phase 2, because it was very similar equipment as in Phase 1. So very much expect the ramp, broadly would occur over, say, a three-month period because you're going to -- you bring things on and you measure dynamics, you've got vibration sensors everywhere. That's a pretty normal cadence to bring something like that on as over three-month period.
Bob Brackett: Great, thanks for that.
Greg Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2020 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Andrew and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on todays conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. Ill now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. I hope you and your families are well and staying healthy during these challenging times. Today, I will provide an update on our progress in executing our strategy in the current low oil price environment, then Greg Hill will discuss our operations and John Rielly will review our financial results. Before we address this quarter, I would like to talk briefly about the macro outlook for oil and how it informs our strategy. The International Energy Agency just published its 2020 World Energy Outlook that provides an aggressive Sustainable Development Scenario in which, if all the pledges of the Paris Climate Agreement were met, oil and gas would still be 46% of the energy mix in 2040. The energy transition will take time and major breakthroughs in technology will be needed. While we need policies to encourage renewable energy to battle climate change, oil and gas will be needed for many decades to come and will continue to be fundamental to world economic growth and human prosperity. The key for our company is to have a low cost of supply in any price environment. By investing only in high return, low cost opportunities, we have built a differentiated portfolio of assets that we believe will provide industry leading cash flow growth over the course of the decade, which is superior to our peers and to most companies in the S&P 500. Our portfolio is underpinned by significant cash engines in the Bakken, deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Southeast Asia as well as multiple phases of low cost Guyana oil developments, which we believe will drive our companys breakeven price to under $40 per barrel Brent by mid-decade. To realize our long-term strategy, we must manage the short-term challenges facing our industry. Our priorities during this low price environment are to preserve cash, preserve capability, and preserve the long-term value of our assets. In terms of preserving cash, we came into 2020 with approximately 80% of our oil production hedged with put options for 130,000 barrels per day at $55 per barrel West Texas Intermediate and 20,000 barrels per day at $60 per barrel Brent. To enhance cash flow and maximize the value of our production, in March and April, when U.S. oil storage was near capacity, we chartered three very large crude carriers or VLCCs to store 2 million barrels each of May, June, and July Bakken crude oil production. The first VLCC cargo of 2.1 million barrels was sold in China at a premium to Brent in September. The second and third VLCC cargos are expected to be sold in Asia by the end of the year. We have also reduced our 2020 capital and exploratory budget by 40% from $3 billion to our current guidance of $1.8 billion, primarily by reducing our Bakken rig count from six to one; and we reduced our full year 2020 cash operating costs by $275 million. At the end of September, we had $1.28 billion of cash, a $3.5 billion undrawn revolving credit facility, and no debt maturities until the term loan comes due in 2023. In terms of preserving capability, we have been operating one rig in the Bakken since May, down from six rigs at the beginning of the year to maintain the Lean manufacturing capabilities and innovative practices that Greg and his team have built over more than 10 years. Our plan is to remain at one rig until oil prices approach $50 per barrel WTI. Before reducing the rig count, we achieved our goal of 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day six months ahead of schedule. In addition, our Bakken team has cut our average drilling and completion costs below $6 million per well and we continue to see further opportunities for cost reductions. In terms of preserving the long-term value of our assets, Guyana, with its low cost of supply and industry leading financial returns, remains our top priority. We are very pleased that on September 30th, the government of Guyana approved the development plan for the Payara Field, the third oil development on the Stabroek Block, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is operator. Payara is targeted for first oil in 2024, and we expect to have at least five FPSOs on the block producing more than 750,000 gross barrels of oil per day by 2026. The three sanctioned oil developments; Liza 1, which is producing, and Liza 2 and Payara, which are in construction, have breakeven Brent oil prices of between $25 and $35 per barrel, which are world class by any measure. On September 8th, we also announced the Redtail and Yellowtail-2 discoveries, bringing total discoveries on the block to 18. Incorporating the current assessment of additional volumes from the Redtail, Yellowtail-2, and Uaru discoveries, we are increasing the estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources for the Stabroek Block to approximately 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent. We also now see potential for up to 10 FPSOs to develop the current discovered recoverable resource base. We announced on October 5th an agreement to sell our 28% working interest in the Shenzi Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico to BHP Billiton, the fields operator, for a total consideration of $505 million at an effective date of July 1st, 2020. This transaction brings value forward in the low price environment and further strengthens our cash and liquidity position until the Liza Phase 2 development in Guyana comes online in early 2022. We expect to close the transaction before the end of the year. Our strategy will continue to be guided by our companys longstanding commitment to sustainability, which we believe creates value for all our stakeholders. Earlier this month, the Transition Pathway Initiative or TPI published its 2020 report on the progress of 163 energy companies in transitioning to a low carbon economy and supporting efforts to mitigate climate change in line with the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures or TCFD recommendations. In TPIs 2020 report, Hess is the only U.S. oil and gas company to achieve a Level 4 Star rating, which is only awarded to companies that demonstrably manage climate-related risks and opportunities from a governance, operational and strategic perspective and satisfy all TPI Management Quality criteria. In summary, we continue to execute our long-term strategy, delivering strong operational performance while prioritizing the preservation of cash, capability, and the long-term value of our assets during this low price environment. As a result, Hess is uniquely positioned to deliver industry leading cash flow growth and financial returns over the decade. As our portfolio generates increasing free cash flow, we will prioritize debt reduction and increasing cash returns to shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks John. In the third quarter, we once again delivered strong operational performance. Companywide net production averaged 321,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which was within our guidance range of 320,000 to 325,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Bakken net production averaged 198,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 21% from the prior year quarter and above our guidance of approximately 185,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our strong Bakken performance offset hurricane-related downtime in the Gulf of Mexico, where production for the quarter averaged 49,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, just below our guidance range of 50,000 to 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the fourth quarter, we expect companywide net production to be approximately 300,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. This guidance assumes that the Shenzi sale closes December 1st, and that transitory hurricane-related impacts in the Gulf of Mexico will reduce production in the fourth quarter by approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We anticipate all hurricane recovery work to be completed before the end of the year, which will allow our shut-in Gulf of Mexico production to be fully restored. For the full year 2020, our net production guidance is approximately 325,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, compared to our previous guidance of 330,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to the Bakken, in the third quarter we drilled six wells and brought 22 new wells online. For the fourth quarter, we expect to drill six wells and bring 11 new wells online and for the full year 2020, we still expect to drill 70 wells and bring 110 new wells online. In the third quarter, efficiency gains enabled us to further reduce our average drilling and completion cost per well to $5.9 million, which we believe is top quartile for the Bakken. Through the continued application of technology and Lean manufacturing techniques, we expect to reduce our D&C costs even further. For the fourth quarter, we expect Bakken net production to average between 180,000 and 185,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full year 2020, we now expect Bakken net production to average approximately 190,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from our previous guidance of 185,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Although we have a large inventory of future drilling locations that generate good financial returns at current prices, to preserve capital discipline and keep the asset free cash flow positive, we plan to maintain a one rig program until oil prices approach $50 per barrel WTI. Operating a single rig allows us to preserve our Lean manufacturing capability that we have worked hard to build over the years, both within Hess and among our primary drilling and completion contractors. Moving to the offshore, the Gulf of Mexico has felt the effects of seven named storms this season including Hurricane Zeta, which is currently in the Gulf that have disrupted operations across the industry. Production from the Conger and Llano Fields is expected to remain shut in for approximately 40 and 75 days, respectively, during the fourth quarter due to hurricane recovery work, and the Penn State 6 well will remain shut-in until a workover can be completed in December. In the fourth quarter, Gulf of Mexico net production is expected to average approximately 40,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and for the full year 2020, we expect net production to be in the range of 55,000 to 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, down from our previous guidance of 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Again, we expect all hurricane-impacted production to be fully restored before the end of the year. Also in the gulf in September, the Esox-1 well reached a gross peak rate of approximately 17,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day or 9,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day net to Hess. The BP-operated Galapagos Deep exploration well, in which Hess held a 25% working interest, was not a commercial success. The data from this first well in the play will be incorporated into the continued assessment of our acreage position in the Cretaceous, which remains highly prospective. Moving to the Gulf of Thailand, net production in the third quarter increased to an average of 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, compared to 44,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter as a result of higher nominations. We expect fourth quarter net production to be flat with the third quarter at approximately 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting continued COVID uncertainties. Our guidance for full year 2020 net production is now approximately 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to our previous guidance range of 50,000 to 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now turning to Guyana, in the third quarter, gross production from Liza Phase 1 averaged 63,000 barrels of oil per day or 19,000 barrels of oil per day net to Hess. Ongoing work to complete commissioning of the natural gas injection system continues, and once complete will enable the Liza Destiny floating production, storage and offloading vessel or FPSO to reach its nameplate capacity of 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day in December. It is important to note that the delays in commissioning the gas injection system are mechanical in nature, and the reservoirs and wells continue to deliver at, or above, expectations. The design one, build many concept for the FPSOs allows the learnings to be captured and applied to future projects. Production from the vessel has been averaging approximately 105,000 barrels of oil per day for the last few weeks. The Liza Phase 2 development is progressing to plan with approximately 80% of the overall top side haul and subsea work completed. The project will have a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day and remains on track for first oil by early 2022. In September, we announced the final investment decision to proceed with development of the Payara Field. Payara will utilize the Prosperity FPSO, which will have the capacity to produce up to 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day and will initially target a resource base of about 600 million barrels of oil. First oil is expected in 2024. 10 drill centers are planned with a total of 41 wells, including 20 production wells and 21 injection wells. Also in December [ph], we announced the 17th and 18th discoveries on the Stabroek Block, offshore Guyana. The Yellowtail-2 well encountered 69 feet of high quality, oil bearing reservoir, adjacent to and below the Yellowtail-1 discovery. In addition, the Redtail-1 well encountered approximately 232 feet of high quality oil bearing reservoir. The well is located approximately 1.5 miles northwest of the Yellowtail discovery. A drill stem test is planned at Redtail in the fourth quarter. These discoveries further demonstrate the significant exploration potential of the block and contribute to the discovered recoverable resource estimate increasing to approximately 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent and will likely form the basis of our fourth development on the block. In terms of exploration, the Stena Carron drillship is currently drilling the Tanager-1 well on the Kaieteur Block, approximately 46 miles northwest of Liza. This well, which is the deepest well drilled offshore Guyana, is designed to penetrate multiple geologic intervals, including the Campanian, Santonian, and Turonian. The next exploration well on the Stabroek Block will be Hassa-1, which will target Campanian aged reservoirs approximately 30 miles east of the Liza Field. This well should spud near the end of the year and we expect results during the first quarter. Before I leave Guyana, I think that it is important to remind you of what makes the Stabroek Block so unique. First, its size and scale. The block is 6.6 million acres, which is equivalent in size to 1,150 Gulf of Mexico blocks. So far, we have drilled 20 prospects and have made 18 discoveries that contain approximately 9 billion barrels of recoverable oil and gas resources, with multi billion barrels of exploration potential remaining. Secondly, world-class reservoir quality with exceptional permeability and porosity that results in high flow rate wells and high recovery factors. Third, the reservoirs are shallow and there is no salt that allows us to drill wells in a fraction of the time and cost of other deepwater basins. Fourth, there is a Production Sharing Contract with a competitive cost recovery mechanism. Fifth, development is occurring at the bottom of the offshore cost cycle. Excess capacity throughout the offshore supply chain greatly reduces the risk of project delays and cost overruns. Sixth, ExxonMobil is arguably the best project manager in the world for this type of development and their operatorship greatly reduces execution risk. And finally, its low cost of supply, the first three developments have industry leading Brent breakeven prices of between $25 and $35 per barrel. For all these reasons, Guyana will create extraordinary long-term value for our shareholders and for the citizens of Guyana. In closing, Id like to recognize our team for delivering strong results across our portfolio, while ensuring the safety of our workforce and communities in the midst of a pandemic and a challenging hurricane season in the Gulf of Mexico. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the third quarter of 2020 to the second quarter of 2020. We incurred a net loss of $243 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared with a net loss of $320 million in the second quarter. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, we incurred an adjusted net loss of $216 million in the third quarter. Turning to E&P, on an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $156 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to a net loss of $249 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the third quarter of 2020 and the second quarter of 2020 were as follows. Higher realized selling prices improved results by $134 million. Higher sales volumes improve results by $33 million. Higher exploration expenses reduce results by $40 million. Higher cash costs driven by production taxes reduced results by $23 million. Higher DD&A expense reduced results by $6 million. All other items reduce results by $5 million for an overall increase in third quarter results of $93 million. As John mentioned earlier, we sanctioned the Payara Field development in September. The corporations net share of development costs excluding pre-sanction costs and FPSO purchase cost is forecast to be approximately $1.8 billion, which is consistent with the projections from our December 2018 Investor Day presentation. The timing of the FPSO purchase is being evaluated. Our net share of development costs is forecast to be approximately $250 million in 2021, $450 million in 2022, $500 million in 2023, $300 million in 2024, and $225 million in 2025. Now turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $56 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to $51 million in the previous quarter, reflecting higher throughput volumes. Midstream EBITDA, before non-controlling interests, amounted to $180 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to $172 million in the previous quarter. For corporate, on an adjusted basis, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $116 million in the third quarter of 2020 compared to $122 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position, at quarter end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were approximately $1.3 billion and our total liquidity was $4.8 billion including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $6.6 billion. Our fully undrawn $3.5 billion revolving credit facility is committed through May 2023. Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $468 million in the third quarter compared with $301 million in the previous quarter, primarily due to higher realized selling prices. In the third quarter, net cash provided from operating activities after changes in working capital was $136 million compared with $266 million in the prior quarter. Changes in working capital during the third quarter decreased cash flow from operating activities by $332 million, primarily due to a reduction in payables, reflecting reduced operating activity levels, and the temporary increase in accounts receivable and inventory resulting from our VLCC transactions which will reverse over the next two quarters. We have hedged over 80% of our remaining crude oil production for 2020. At September 30th, 2020, the fair value of open hedge contracts was approximately $205 million while realized settlements on closed contracts during the first nine months of the year were approximately $700 million. Proceeds from the sale of the first VLCC cargo of 2.1 million barrels of oil were received in October and proceeds from the sale of the second and third VLCC cargos totaling 4.2 million barrels of oil are expected to be received in the first quarter of 2021. During the fourth quarter, we expect to close on the sale of our working interest in the Shenzi Field for total consideration of $505 million with an effective date of July 1st, 2020. The proceeds from the Shenzi sale will allow us to fund our Guyana investment program in a $40 oil price environment through the startup of Liza Phase 2 with cash flow from operations and cash on hand. As Phase 2 comes online, our operations in Guyana will begin to generate free cash flow for the corporation, even in a $40 oil price environment and depending on commodity prices at that time, the corporation will begin generating free cash flow between 2022 and 2024. As we generate free cash flow, we plan to first reduce debt and then increase returns to shareholders. Now turning to guidance. First for E&P. Our E&P cash costs were $9.86 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya and $9.69 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya in the third quarter. We project E&P cash costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $11.00 to $11.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter, which reflects the impact of hurricane-related shutdowns in the Gulf of Mexico. Full year guidance is unchanged at $9.50 to $10 per barrel of oil equivalent. DD&A expense was $16.16 per barrel of oil equivalent in the third quarter. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $15.50 to $16 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter and in the range of $16 to $16.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year, which is in the lower end of our previous guidance range. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $26.50 to $27.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter and $25.50 to $26.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $135 million for the full year, which is down from previous guidance of $140 million to $150 million. We expect to recognize an additional $7 million of dry hole costs associated with the Galapagos Deep well in the fourth quarter. The midstream tariff is projected to be approximately $240 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $945 million for the full year, which is up from previous guidance of $905 million to $930 million. E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $10 million to $15 million for the fourth quarter and $25 million to $30 million for the full year. Our crude oil hedge positions remain unchanged. We expect that non-cash option premium amortization will be approximately $95 million for the fourth quarter and approximately $280 million for the full year. Our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $400 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $1.8 billion for the full year, which is down from previous guidance of approximately $1.9 billion, primarily from Guyana spend coming in under budget. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be approximately $55 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $220 million for the full year, which is up from previous guidance of $195 million to $205 million. For corporate, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million for the fourth quarter and $115 million to $120 million for the full year, which is in the lower end of our previous guidance range. Interest expense is estimated to be approximately $95 million for the fourth quarter and approximately $375 million for the full year, which is the lower end of our previous guidance range. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning everybody. I hope everyone's doing well out there.
John Hess: Good morning Doug. Yes, thank you. You too.
Doug Leggate: John Rielly probably is my first question. John, I'd like to ask you about the cash burn in the core for pre and post-working capital. And how you think about the trajectory of balance sheet surety if you like going through the end of the year, because there's obviously a lot of moving parts with Shenzi and the VLCC sales. So, just how are you going to manage the balance sheet through the next phase of development in Guyana, given what looks like you know, continued worsening in oil prices?
John Rielly: Sure Doug thanks for the question. I guess what I want to start with is, is our cash position. So, if you look at September 30th, we have approximately $1.3 billion of cash. And as we mentioned, we have this Shenzi sale closing in the fourth quarter. So, let me just use round numbers. If you take that $1.3 billion and yet the Shenzi sale $500 million to it, on a pro forma basis, it gets you up to about $1.8 billion of cash. The next thing above and beyond what our cash flow from operations will be generating over the over the next couple of quarters is the VLCC transactions. So, we have not received any of that cash right now. And so we have over 6 million barrels that we will be receiving cash for as these VLCC transactions close. One we've already closed. So, we have that cash in October for that. The other two, as we said, closed around the end of the year. So, we'll probably get that early next year. But if you take that 6 million barrels times current prices, I'll just round it down even and say its $200 million. Therefore, you go from the $1.3 billion plus the $500 million of Shenzi, plus that $200 million, we essentially have $2 billion on a pro forma basis of cash. So, that's the first thing I think to start with. We've really put ourselves in a position with that Shenzi sale and the VLCC transactions actually act as a hedge here as we move into this next year with this low price environment. So, starting with that $2 billion, the next thing, as you mentioned, was just a look at our quarter and our cash flow. So, after working capital, we had that reduction from working capital $332 million and if I can just again use round numbers, about half of that is due to the VLCC transactions, we've got receivable on the books, plus the inventory built from the crude oil going on the ships, that's just going to reverse naturally, as I said over the next two quarters. The other thing that we have in there is a reduction of payables. And it's really just reducing operating activity levels. CapEx is coming down; all their costs are coming down as we reduce activity and now we're getting to a point where it's stabilizing, right, our capital levels you saw for the quarter down to $331 million in the third quarter. So, we'll be stabilizing. So, we won't be having those pulls. And if prices do come back at some point and activity levels, which they will increase at that point, we'll actually get some inflow from working capital. It's just how it works. When that activity levels come down, you get a pull and when activity levels go up, you begin to get an inflow. So, if you actually looked at our cash flow from operations, we had $468 million there and on a cash flow statement, you see the outflow for capital was $426 million. So, except for that temporary increase from the working capital, we actually exceeded our cash flow, exceeded our capital, and basically, if you didn't have that working capital pull, we'd be kind of on a cash flow breakeven for the quarter. So, again, as we move forward, we're continuing to focus on reducing capital and reducing costs and doing everything we can and getting our cash balance to a point that we can withstand this low prices. And like I said, we're in a position even in this low price environment to fund all the way through to Phase 2 when we get 60,000 barrels a day approximately of Brent-base production, coming into and generating cash flow for the corporation.
Doug Leggate: That's a really thorough explanation, $2 billion number; I think is what I was really looking at. So, thank you for that. My follow-up is John -- this John Hess, this is probably a bit of a curveball, really, but one of your competitor companies the other day, when announcing their acquisition, Pioneer, talked about a handful of investable E&P and I'm glad to see that you were cited as one of them on a go forward basis. But my question is, when you look at consolidation across the sector, and clearly Hess doesn't need to do anything given Guyana, but from the point of view of lowering the cost base for the broader industry, I'm just curious what your view is on Hess' participation in potentially one way or the other in the current consolidation we seem to be onto undergoing right now. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
John Hess: Yes, Doug, obviously our first, second, and third priority is to remain focused on executing our strategy, which we believe will maximize value for our shareholders. We have built a high quality and differentiated portfolio that provides a long-term resource growth with a low cost of supply. So, we already are on that trajectory for that low cost of supply. We don't need M&A to get there. And it's underpinned obviously, by multiple phases of Guyana oil developments. And all of this together will position our company to deliver industry leading cash flow growth over the course of the decades. Obviously, we're giving some guidance now of increasing our resource estimate in Guyana, and Stabroek Blok to approximately 9 billion barrels of oil equivalent with a potential for 10 ships, not just five ships. Obviously, a lot of work needs to be done to bring those forward. So, we have a great hand to provide industry leading cash flow growth and at the same time go down the cost curve, which will generate industry leading free cash flow with a passage of time. So, we're always looking to optimize our portfolio, but we see nothing in the M&A market that will compete for capital against our existing portfolio of high return opportunities.
Doug Leggate: Great. Thanks again, guys. Appreciate you taking my questions.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan Chase.
Arun Jayaram: Yes, good morning Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. My first question really revolves around Payara. Greg, the F&D cost came in a bit higher than buy side expectations. I was wondering if you can maybe put the budget in the context around contingencies and any implications for Phase 4 or Phase 5, F&D or capital efficiency in Guyana.
Greg Hill: Yes, in terms of that guidance, I suggest John Riley address that.
John Rielly: Sure. So, Arun, as you know, as I said, the net development costs for Hess is $1.8 billion. So, when you gross that up, it's approximately $6 billion. We do have contingencies in our numbers for that it's set especially fairly high contingencies early in the process. And it comes to that $6 billion on a gross up basis and the one thing you also have to add when you're doing the F&D is the ultimate purchase costs from the FPSO. We did not include that in our numbers, because that's still -- the timing of that is being evaluated and the cost gets lower as you move out in time. So, we don't know what that is. Exxon, in its Phase 2 release had the FPSO at approximately $1.6 billion, that's what they disclose for Phase 2, we expect it to be lower with synergies. So, if I round that it's $1.5 billion. So, you get about $7.5 billion there. And then we do have some pre-sanction costs to add and I know Exxon has got some additional contingencies beyond that, but Exxon is -- we're really happy with them as an operator, they've been performing great. And as part of that performance, they have been coming in under budget. So, what I was saying from that the other thing that I want to add with Payara is all the costs and the contingencies that we have in our numbers and the pre-sanction costs and the expected FPSO cost is in that calculation for the $32 Brent breakeven. So, this truly is a world-class asset and adds to obviously, there will be the third project in Guyana. And we're looking forward to doing the next project after that, well looks like it's going to be the greater Yellowtail area and based on early drilling size that we see there, we actually expect those costs to be lower than Payara and probably the breakeven, therefore will come between $25 and $32 for the for the greater Yellowtail area.
Arun Jayaram: Great, that's great color. My follow-up, John is if he could give us some color -- you touched upon this in your prepared remarks on the FPSO related CapEx. I believe the consortium did lease the destiny for 10 years -- with the 10-year option. But you do have a purchase option, which I believe lasts for up to two years. So, I was wondering if you could provide the current thoughts on exercising the option and are you anticipating some of the FPSO-related CapEx to be incurred in 2021?
John Rielly: Okay, so at our -- at the current date right now, and Exxon on behalf of the of the group is discussing with SBM, the date -- the timing of purchasing all the FPSOs and that would be Liza Phase 1, Phase 1 and Payara. So, as of right now, we do not expect any cost for purchase cost for Liza Phase 1 in 2021. But again, the timing -- unfortunately, I can't really go much beyond that, that timing is still being discussed. And part of the discussion is moving out some of the timing of the purchase of those FPSOs. But nothing has been decided at this point. But right now for 2021, it is not expected to have any purchase costs in it.
Arun Jayaram: And is it fair to say that the net to Hess that the purchase cost on the destiny would be around $250 million, just net to the Hess?
John Rielly: Okay, so depending on timing, it can vary. The earlier on, it could be somewhere closer to $300 million -- still under $300 million and then it will decrease as you move out in time.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot.
John Rielly: You're welcome.
John Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer: My first topic is Guyana with regards to the 9 billion Boe approximate estimate for discovered resource. And then also I think you mentioned you would believe that that can support up to 10 FPSO. So, just a couple of questions there. Number one, given that there's no longer the greater than or the plus sign there, can you just remind us what's in that and not in that relative to the recent discoveries? You made some comments that seems like Yellowtail and Redtail have been updated? But is there anything that's not in that? And have there been any downward revisions to any of the any of the past discoveries within approximately 9 billion Boe number? And then as it relates to the -- up to 10 FPSOs, how should we think about a peak oil production number? Is it as easy as 180 times one plus up to 220 times nine, or when you expect some FPSOs to be in decline when later developments are brought online?
John Hess: Fair enough. Greg, do you want to tackle the resource number and what really was behind that?
Greg Hill: Sure. Yeah, so the upgrade from the greater to eight -- greater than eight to nine really reflected the results of the drilling remember in Uaru, Yellowtail-2 and Redtail-1. So, a good portion of the results of that were included in that billion barrel call at resource upgrade. So that brings us close to being up-to-date. There is obviously some additional upside to that number that we'll figure out with further testing and potential appraisal in and around that area. So, there is more upside coming on top of that number, but that really reflects the results of those three wells. And to your question on the 10 FPSOs, again, as John said in his opening remarks that we still have to do a lot of engineering work on those 10 FPSOs, but I think this regular cadence of one a year you could assume -- and then, obviously as you get further out in time, some of those earlier FPSOs could be in decline. However, remember, we still have multi-billion barrels of upside that hasn't been explored or appraised. So, how all that kind of works out and works all age fillers, new hubs, is yet to be determined and I think furthermore, Brian, if you think about the Santonian, remember the Santonian is 3000 feet deeper than the Campanian, they currently represents that 9 billion barrels. And if you look at it on seismic, the extent of the channel systems is as extensive or more extensive than the Campanian. And the industry has got five penetrations in it, two on Stabroek and three in Suriname obviously on Apache's block. So that will be a subject of a lot of exploration and appraisal drilling over the next couple of years and depending on how that turns out, the Santonian also as well as multi-billion barrels of remaining upside in the Campanian, all of that could be used as both all age fillers and new hub class developments. So, I would like to say Guyana is a story that's going to go on more than 10 years because of that multi-billion barrels of upside and we haven't even scratched the surface of the Santonian yet and we're in the early innings in the Campanian still.
John Rielly: And obviously, Greg gave great context and Brian, obviously we wanted our investors to know, there is still tremendous potential here as Greg is talking about, but a lot more work needs to be done in terms of exploration and appraisal to inform the specifics of the size of the ships, the timing of the ships, but generally speaking, one a year is a good estimate to think about, but the most important thing is we need to work with the government, and we need to work with our partners. So, it's still early days, but we want people to realize in 2018, I think the resource estimate was 4 billion barrels of oil equivalent and that's when we talked at least 5 ships and at least 750,000 barrels a day. So, we wanted investors to get an update of what the potential number of ships could be based upon the resource upgrade that we're giving. So a lot more work needs to be done, but it's obviously very exciting.
Brian Singer: That's great. Thank you for that color. My follow-up is on more of the financial side, can you just talk about any updates to how you're thinking about either maintenance capital or 2021 capital plans and then in the context of some of the balance sheet, questions and free cash flow discussion earlier, how you think about hedging versus not hedging into next year.
John Rielly: Sure. So, let me start with the capital. What we see now. I mean, obviously, we're still going through our budget process and we'll give our final guidance on our January call, but we see 2021 capital being comparable to 2020 as we move forward and basically, you have Bakken because we went from six rigs to one, their capital coming down and then with our Payara sanction adding some additional rigs next year for development and exploration that Guyana's capital is going up. So, those are the two big movements, but we see it as being comparable and Brian, I get asked a lot on with the lower capital, 40% down this year, these maintenance capital levels and it is not actually because what happens from our standpoint, if we stay at one rig, there will be some declines in the Bakken and if we don't do you tieback wells in the Gulf of Mexico, we will get some decline there. But this is the uniqueness of Guyana, right. When we bring on Phase 2, it's again approximately 60,000 barrels a day Brent equivalent type pricing for that production. So, we're picking up 60,000 barrels a day there that offsets the declines in Bakken and Gulf of Mexico. Then you have Payara 2024 and then as both John and Greg, we're saying we're kind of on pace for one a year, as you go after that. So, we can continue to actually grow at these lower capital levels. If Southeast Asia stays flat at that $150 million to $200 million type level of capital. So, we can have that about 65,000 barrels a day. So, actually our maintenance capital levels would be a good bit lower than where we are at this lower level. So, again, its uniqueness we can grow and it's just because Guyana's returns and the profile of it are so good that we can grow and generate free cash flow, because of the low-cost nature of these developments, the low breakeven. Sorry, I think you did -- you had one other question about hedging, so just to get to your hedging question. So, obviously, we continue to have the 130,000 barrels a day of put options at 55 WTI for the remainder of 2020 and we have 20,000 barrels a day of our Brent put options at $60, remainder of 2020. So, as we move into 2021, we clearly would like to put on a hedge, put some insurance to put a floor on for next year because we are still investing with this Guyana Phase 2 coming on in early 2022. So, we'd like to put a floor on. Now, the great hedge position that we have for this year, the Shenzi sale, the VLCC that I told you, have put us in a good position going into it. So, there is no rush for us to have to get hedges on right now. We'd like to use put options to get the full insurance, which obviously paid off this year. Put options are expensive due to the time value of money, if you're further away from the period you want to hedge and then obviously you know where volatility is right now in the market. So, you will see us hedge, it could be later this year, it could be early in 2021, but you should look for us to put on a significant, again, insurance position for a floor for us next year.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you for that detail.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. This is Jeanine Wai.
John Rielly: Morning Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning.
Greg Hill: Hi, Jeanine.
Jeanine Wai: In terms of Guyana that's what my question is on, in terms of the Payara development cost, I know you've touched on this already. We know that the aerial extent, it's a little larger than the prior developments, which is contributing to the cost, but Payara also has more resource and I think I heard you mentioned earlier in the Q&A that the next phase is likely to be lower on the breakeven. So, I was just wondering can you provide a little more color on this lower breakeven, maybe in terms of all the different moving pieces. Can you discuss how the Payara development could compare to future development phases in terms of size and probably scope?
John Rielly: Yes, I think Greg just hitting Yellowtail, both in terms of the thickness aerial extent than what we've seen with Redtail as well. Just to give the context, we can't be more specific than that now. We still got the DST to go on Redtail, but we're relatively optimistic about the economic attractiveness of that being the next development.
Greg Hill: Sure. I think what the Yellowtail and the Redtail wells both showed -- remember Redtail is only a mile and a half from the Yellowtail well, is that the reservoir extent is very large. It's larger than we thought, just based on the results of the Yellowtail-1. So, there is a huge resource base there. We know that the reservoir quality is very similar to, I'll say, Liza-2 and also the crude quality is Liza-like and so very -- bigger tanks, bigger reservoirs in and around that greater Yellowtail area and that's why John had mentioned it will likely have a lower development cost. It looks like you will probably need fewer wells to get the same amount of resource. However, I will say, we've still got engineering work to do, we've got to get through our various gates and our development process to be further definitive about that, but also because of the nature of the PSC, you'll have more barrels on, which affects the rate of cost recovery, which will also tend to drive that breakeven lower. But I think as you look at the reservoir of Yellowtail versus Payara, it's big, it's very big.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thank you very much and I hope everyone is doing well out there.
Greg Hill: Thank you. You too.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks. Maybe if we start out in the Bakken. In the Bakken, production continues to exceed expectations and congrats on hitting the 200,000 barrels a day target early. I know you've said the one rig isn't enough to hold production flat, you know how it declines, but given the continued outperformance, can you give us an idea of how you think about maybe an update of that idea? How you think about extra rate declines, 2021 versus 2020, or going forward from here?
John Rielly: Yes, Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes, we're still -- we're in the throes of our development plan right now for next year. So, I want to give you guidance in January, like we always do on the Bakken. I think that'd be more appropriate, well, I think the development as we speak.
Ryan Todd: Maybe. With that, do you still have DUC to work down? Or will till then wells drilled be at a similar level next year?
Greg Hill: No, we don't really -- we don't carry a large DUC inventory, particularly with one rig. We did in the first part of the year, because remember, we had six rigs that built-in inventory, that will effectively be worked off during the fourth quarter. And it will be -- then it will just be normal work in process, right? So there won't be a DUC inventory, so to speak, other than, well is just waiting on a completion crew.
John Hess: Yes. And Greg, maybe just to provide some context for Ryan, you might remind everyone what the role of the Bakken is in the portfolio and that takes precedent over what the rig rate is or what the production rate is and that sort of thing. And then also it takes about two to keep production flat. You might just remind people of that.
Greg Hill: Sure. Yes.
John Hess: Even though we're working on final guidance for a quarter from now.
Greg Hill: It would take, as John mentioned, let me start with what it would take to hold the Bakken flat. Take two rigs to hold it flat; broadly in the 180,000 barrel a day range with two rigs we could hold it at that level. But I think, as John mentioned important context for the Bakken, the role of the Bakken in the portfolio now is to be a cash generator and so the rig count will be a function of obviously oil price, but also corporate cash flow needs. That is what will govern the rate at which we develop the Bakken. Now in order to maintain that magnificent cash firepower that the Bakken has, obviously we would like to at least hold it flat, right? So it doesn't decline away and you lose some of that cash firepower capability. As we -- as I said in my opening remarks though, we won't consider adding that second rig to hold it flat until WTI prices approach $50. At that point, we would look at where we are and we'd make an informed decision on whether to add that second rig. But the Bakken, again, it's primary role is cash. It's not the growth engine. Guyana is the growth engine. It will be the cash engine and of course, we could grow it as oil prices improve.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. John I guess maybe, is that the natural follow up -- transition to follow up on the Gulf of Mexico, which I think is -- generally plays a similar role in the portfolio as a cash-cow underpinning the under-developments, can you maybe talk a little bit more about the decision to sell your stake in the Shenzi Field? Is that just opportunistically helping you to bridge the -- pull forward that cash flow to bridge the gap to Payara or to start off the Phase 2 start-up?
Greg Hill: Yes. John any -- 
Ryan Todd: Or has -- any change, I guess, in how you think about the use of that asset, going forward?
John Hess: No, no. To be clear, the Gulf of Mexico is a core focus area for the company, and it will be for the future. But we did have a unique opportunity to monetize Shenzi; John Rielly can provide some background.
John Rielly: Sure. So just to reiterate, our Gulf of Mexico strategy has not changed with the Shenzi sale. John said, it's a core part of our portfolio, we plan to pursue both infill and tie back opportunities to our existing hubs, as well as hub class exploration, you know, as oil prices recover. So again, you know, it really does remain unchanged. With this Shenzi sale with BHP being the operator, we're able to get a price for Shenzi that met our value expectations. So therefore, the sale fit well with our strategy to preserve cash and the long term value of our assets in this current low oil price environment. And then as I mentioned, you know, the proceeds there add to our kind of $1.3 billion dollars. So we already have on the balance sheet, and we can use it to fund our investment opportunities in Guyana. And we will use our cash on hand and cash flow from operations to fund Guyana all the way through to Phase 2, where we get a step up in cash flow when Phase 2 comes online.
Ryan Todd: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett: Hi, good morning. A number of my questions have been asked already. So I'll just throw one out around Libya. We're seeing the country as a whole get back to export in volumes. What do you think about that in terms of the Hess portfolio?
John Hess: Well, Bob, you know, the Libya is a cash engine when it's producing. Given that the NOC has just lifted the force majeure restrictions and the country has agreed to a ceasefire. The SE report has now reopened and initial liftings have started. But it still remains to be seen what a normalized level of production in Libya is going to be given the uncertainties and continued political unrest. So, you know, obviously, when we get cash from it, we're happy to do that. But at the same time, it's not at the point where it's stabilized what it can be in our numbers on an ongoing basis.
Bob Brackett: Great. Thank you for that.
John Hess: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotia Bank.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: The first question is actually I think either for John or Greg, maybe both. I'm trying to have a better understanding if I look at Liza 2 if my recollection, correct. The total development cost is about $6 billion, that's including the FPSO 1.6. So call it $4.4 billion, and the total capacity is 220 for FPSO. So, in Payara, we also looking for 220. So one would have thought the costs will be lower than Liza 2, as you get more experience in developing this. Greg and John, can you help me understand a little bit, what -- how the design may have changed? And why instead of having a lower cost is actually become higher?
Greg Hill: Yes. Go ahead, John.
John Hess: Sure. So let me just start with that like each development is unique Paul. So like as I mentioned, the Greater Yellowtail area, we see that with lower development costs and a breakeven that drops between $25 and $32 at that point, with Payara being at $32. So the difference, we are getting synergies like you said from the building of the FPSO, because we do expect that to come in at a lower cost. So with Payara as compared to Liza Phase 2 and I always have to remind everybody, and I know I'm not objective Paul, when I say this. But Liza Phase 2 with the Brent breakeven of $25 is arguably the best project that is out there in the E&P industry. So we are comparing things to this really top project and Payara is world-class. So it does cost more and why -- what happens is Payara has a greater number of distinct reservoirs and therefore also a greater aerial extent. So it was always, as we said, it was back in our December 2018 Investor Presentation it was always going to have a higher cost than Liza Phase 2. So those costs now came exactly in with what we were expecting, just the aerial extent in the reservoirs caused more wells to be there, some more flow lines to be there. And that's what causes that cost to be there and the Brent breakeven going to $32 versus the $25. Now, again Yellowtail, we expect that to be lower, because I think the reservoirs, the individual reservoir as Greg had mentioned, have a great aerial extent on its own. Therefore, we believe the cost will be lower in the Brent breakeven between $25 and $32.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. And Greg, that when earlier you're talking about the gas injection system as a mechanical issue. You said that the site problem or that what's causing that mechanical problem?
Greg Hill : Yes, there were two issues, Paul. So first was the cooling fan blades on the big gas compressors and that was a design issue for sure. Those were re-engineered, new fan blades installed, and both of those compressors are currently operating. And that's why our production now is averaged about 105,000 barrels a day for the last couple weeks. So things are things are back on track for the main gas compressors. The last piece is a flash gas compressor. And there was a failure in the lube oil system. That is a design related issue. And that compressor is back in Germany, being retrofitted as we speak. And the plan is to get it out to the platform or the FPSO during the month of November, and then begin to ramp-up to the full nameplate in December. So both were design issues. I think, you know, as I've said before, Paul, the silver lining and all this to me is in this design, one build many strategy. All of the learnings that are coming out of this are being incorporated into future phases. So that will over time just continue to increase the reliability and ability to bring these on these vessels on flawlessly.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you. And that's just a quick one. Gulf of Mexico in the third quarter, how much is the hurricane impact and also John the international OpEx, the unit cost why is so high in the third quarter?
John Rielly : Sure. So let me start with the Gulf of Mexico in the -- in the third quarter. So between maintenance shutdowns that we already had were undergoing at Llano and Conger, Shell is working on the Enchilada and Auger platforms. So with that maintenance shutdowns and the hurricane downtime, it was approximately 19,000 barrels a day of an impact in the third quarter. And then you heard from as in Greg script there that, the fourth quarter is going to be about 25,000. So, what's really happening again is Llano and Conger continuing now with the shutdown, due to the hurricane and damage that was incurred. The biggest difference then between the third and fourth quarter, though, is that Penn State well that Greg mentioned. So that is going to be down for basically most of the quarter not coming back till the end of December. So that's what takes the 19 to 25 in Q4. And then the international costs that you saw, what you have to do is take out $8 million associated with the severance charge. So of that $27 million special severance charge, $8 million of it was over on the international side.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
John Rielly: You're welcome.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy.
David Heikkinen: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Just a couple of quick questions. First of all, Kaieteur, what do you expect the dry hole costs to be?
John Hess: John?
John Rielly: So this one -- this well, as Greg has mentioned, is -- is going to be more expensive than our typical wells that we've been drilling from an exploration stain standpoint on Stabroek. So because it is one going deeper, we are using managed pressure drilling on this just to be you know, careful as we drill all the way down to the deeper section. As Greg mentioned, going Santonian and Turonian. So Exxon has not put out an estimate on this right now. But it will take longer, and it's going to generally cost a bit more. And just remember that we do have a lesser though working interest in Kaieteur than we do in Stabroek.
David Heikkinen: Okay. And then given all the recovery of volumes in the Gulf of Mexico, do you have a feel for a run rate going into 2021? With all the moving pieces, the 19 back plus, I guess, Penn State? It's your back to your earlier this year, right? Well, I guess your volumes up? 
John Rielly: Yes. Sure. So I mean, basically what we in the Gulf of Mexico full year, we incorporate shutdowns and things like that is approximately we were saying 65,000 barrels a day. I mean, it can be higher than that when you don't have shutdowns and quarters. So we will get back on that run rate except for the Shenzi sale, right. So you had 11,000 barrels being sold. So, you know, basically take it down to approximately 55,000 barrels a day, then, on a run rate when everything we coming back starting in January 1.
David Heikkinen: Perfect. And with the design one build many concepts; it looks like you've ordered the same, basic compressor kit that you'll just put side by side on the additional FPSO, all the chinks that you're working out with Phase 1 really do, hopefully will be avoided, at least with the same kit. Is that is that correct or --?
Greg Hill: Yes, absolutely, David, in fact, if you look at the part numbers and this is extreme standardization, if you look at the part numbers, I think it something like 85% of the part numbers on the top side are the same in Phase 2 as Phase 1. So that's what I think the real advantage of the standardization is, is you can just quickly roll learnings, into future phases and really, really drive very high reliability in these vessels as a result of that. 
David Heikkinen: Yes. So a lot of learnings in this first six months that'll stabilize things and less downtime as you move forward. That's helpful. Cool.
Greg Hill: Exactly.
David Heikkinen: Thank you.
Greg Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Roger Read: I'm just curious kind of your opening comments where you said, you expect to get to sub $40 in terms of total development as you get to the middle of the decade. Does that solely rely on what you're going to do in Guyana? Or is that also envisioning some additional asset sales down the road thinking, the opportunity obviously popped up on Shenzi. But if there's anything else planned in there?
John Hess: No. There's nothing else planned in there with our current portfolio. And it really is, is these FPSO in Guyana, come online as we spoke about, phase 2 being a $25, breakeven Payara 32, Yellowtail being 25 and 32. As these FPSOs get brought online, it drives down our overall breakeven in the portfolio to below $40.
Roger Read: Okay. The other question to follow-up on as you think about 2021, you talk about running the one rig in the Bakken you mentioned well costs have gone under 6 million there. Any thoughts on inflation, deflation, as you look at activity in the pocket in 2021, as you're thinking about your CapEx budget?
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: No, I think we're not really assuming any -- any inflation whatsoever next year at the Bakken, things are still well over supplied. We already have contracts locked in with their strategic suppliers for that. Now, they do have some market based adjustments, if the market doesn't prove, but I think the important thing is through technology and innovation will still drive that costs lower no matter what.
Roger Read: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the light of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking the question. Both of my questions are related to COVID. The first one, Malaysia, is having a very serious outbreak that just emerged in the last 30 days since you're one of the few international operators there. I thought, I would ask what the -- what the statuses and how you're coping with that sudden, outbreak?
John Hess: Yes, Greg, you might talk about the field as well as the offshore.
Greg Hill: Yes. So remember, during the first outbreak of COVID. There were essentially no impacts to the operation side. Logistically, you had to get people quarantined and tested and all that, but we worked all that out. So we really didn't skip a beat, on the operating side. And remember, Malaysia is a very active area for us, we have ongoing drilling programs, ongoing projects, so very active, and we saw no impact as a result of the COVID based on the protocols that we developed. If you look at the office, again, during the first outbreak, everyone was working remotely. We got up to about 80% complement back in our office. And now we've taken that back down again. So people would just go back to working remotely. I think it always -- we've seen no impact to the operations or to our ability to work in Malaysia. It has resulted in lower nominations, which is why we kept our guidance for the fourth quarter for Malaysia 50,000 barrels equivalent just because of those COVID uncertainties in the second outbreak.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. Similar question about Guyana originally that timetable for reaching full capacity or plateau was August now you're an Exxon, of course, talking about December, how much have kind of social distancing restrictions or labor availability related to COVID have had with that four month delay?
John Hess: Obviously, it impacted repairs, but go ahead.
Greg Hill: Yes. No, I think it's on the margins, I would say, I mean, really the design issues that I talked about, were the primary reason. However, as Exxon has very strict protocols, which I think, are absolutely appropriate. So anyone before they go offshore has to self-quarantine in country for 14 days and be tested. So, obviously, any special work that needs to be done, it's going to take a little bit longer, but I will compliment Exxon Mobil profusely because they've had some 2,500 crew change events. And so far touchwood they've had no COVID cases offshore. So I think what's going on down there is absolutely remarkable. In terms of how well all that's being executed amidst a pandemic.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2020 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Latif and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Latif. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on todays conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. As we did last quarter, in case there are any audio issues, we will be posting transcripts of each speakers prepared remarks on www.hess.com following the presentation. Ill now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Good morning everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. We hope you and your families are all staying well during these challenging times. Today, I will discuss the steps we are taking to manage through a sustained period of low oil prices. Then Greg Hill will discuss our operations, and John Rielly will review our financial results. In response to the pandemics severe impact on oil prices, our priorities are to preserve cash, preserve capability and preserve the long term value of our assets. In terms of preserving cash, we came into 2020 with approximately 80% of our oil production hedged with put options for 130,000 barrels per day at $55 per barrel West Texas Intermediate and 20,000 barrels per day at $60 per barrel Brent. To maximize the value of our production, in March and April, when U.S. oil storage was at tank tops, we used our marketing capabilities, our Hess Midstream infrastructure, and our firm transportation arrangements to the U.S. Gulf Coast to charter three very large crude carriers or VLCCs to store 2 million barrels each of May, June and July Bakken crude oil production. The first VLCC cargo of 2 million barrels has been sold at a premium to Brent for delivery in China in September. The other two VLCC cargos are expected to be sold in Asia in the fourth quarter. We further strengthened the companys cash position and liquidity through a $1 billion three year term loan underwritten by JPMorgan Chase. This loan was successfully syndicated during the second quarter. At the end of June, we had $1.6 billion of cash, a $3.5 billion undrawn revolving credit facility and no debt maturities until the term loan comes due in 2023. We made major reductions in our capital and exploratory budget for 2020, reducing it 37% from our original budget of $3 billion, down to $1.9 billion. The majority of this reduction comes from dropping from a six rig program to one rig in the Bakken, which we completed in May. We also made significant cuts in our 2020 companywide cash costs. On our first quarter call, we announced a reduction of $225 million. During the second quarter, we identified an additional $40 million with further reductions anticipated. A key for us to preserve capability is continuing to operate one rig in the Bakken. Greg Hill and our Bakken team have made tremendous progress over the years in Lean manufacturing, which has delivered significant cost efficiencies and productivity improvements that we want to preserve for the future. In terms of preserving the long term value of our assets, our top priority is Guyana, an extraordinary, world class asset. On the Stabroek Block, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is operator, we have made 16 significant discoveries on the block since 2015. The current estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources for the block stands at more than 8 billion barrels of oil equivalent, with multi billion barrels of exploration potential remaining. In June, we resumed a four rig drilling operation, with two of the rigs focused on development wells and two on exploration and appraisal activities. The Liza Phase one development, which has an estimated breakeven price of $35 per barrel Brent, achieved first production in December and is now expected to reach its full capacity of 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day in August. The Liza Phase two development with an estimated breakeven price of $25 per barrel Brent and production capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day, remains on track for an early 2022 start-up. The development of the Payara field with a production capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day has potentially been deferred six to 12 months, pending government approval to proceed. Planning for the fourth and fifth FPSOs is underway, which will be further optimized by this year's exploration and appraisal drilling results. Our strategy is guided by our company's long-standing commitment to sustainability, which creates value for all our stakeholders. Earlier this month, we announced publication of our 23rd Annual Sustainability Report, which details our environmental, social and governance or ESG strategy and performance. In terms of safety, since 2014, we have reduced our severe safety incident rate by 36% and achieved a 67% reduction in process safety incidents. In the critical area of climate change, we have reduced scope one and scope two equity greenhouse gas emissions by approximately 60% over the past 12 years. We also are contributing to groundbreaking work by the Salk Institute to develop plants with larger root systems that are capable of absorbing and storing potentially billions of tons of carbon per year from the atmosphere. We continue to be recognized as an industry leader for the quality of our ESG performance and disclosure. And in May we're named to the 100 Best Corporate Citizens list for the 12th consecutive year, earning the number one ranking for an oil and gas company and ranking number nine on the list overall. In summary, our long-term strategy has enabled us to build a high-quality and diversified portfolio that is resilient in a low price environment and puts us in a strong position to prosper when oil prices recover. Our portfolio provides long-term resource growth with multiple phases of low-cost Guyana oil developments that are expected to drive industry-leading cash flow growth over the course of the decade. As our portfolio generates increasing free cash flow, we will prioritize debt reduction and increasing cash returns to shareholders. Finally, we want to thank our employees for their continued commitment to operating safely and reliably during this pandemic. The safety of our workforce and the communities where we operate will remain our top priority. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update. 
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. In the second quarter, we continued to deliver strong operational performance across our portfolio. Company-wide net production averaged 334,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which was above the top end of our guidance of 310,000 to 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This was driven both by strong results in the Bakken, where advantaged infrastructure position enabled us to avoid shedding in production and by higher nominations in Southeast Asia, where demand is increasing as the economy recovers. In the third quarter, we expect company-wide net production to be in the range of 320,000 to 325,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. This reduction from the second quarter reflects planned downtime in the Gulf of Mexico. Our production guidance for full year 2020 is now approximately 330,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, up from our previous guidance of approximately 320,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the Bakken, we've been operating one rig since May, down from six rigs earlier in the year. Operating one rig allows us to maintain key operating capabilities that we have worked hard to build over the years both within Hess and among our primary drilling and completion contractors. In the second quarter, our Bakken team once again delivered strong results, capitalizing on the success of our plug and perf completion design and mild weather conditions. Second quarter Bakken net production averaged 194,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 39% from the year ago quarter and above our guidance of approximately 185,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Following our successful transition to plug and perf completions, further efficiency gains combined with cost reductions across our supply chain allowed us to achieve an average drilling and completion cost per well of approximately $6 million in the second quarter. We believe that through the application of technology and lean manufacturing techniques that we can continue to push our D&C costs even lower. For the third quarter, our guidance for Bakken net production is approximately 185,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. As announced by Hess Midstream earlier this month, the planned maintenance turnaround at Tioga Gas Plant originally scheduled for the third quarter of 2020 will now be deferred until 2021 to ensure safe and timely execution in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Tioga Gas Plant expansion project is well advanced and is expected to be completed by the end of 2020. The resulting incremental gas processing capacity will be available in 2021 upon completion of the turnaround. For the full year 2020, our guidance for Bakken net production is approximately 185,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from our previous guidance of 175,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to the offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, second quarter net production averaged 68,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The Esox-1 well, which came online in February is expected to reach its gross peak rate of approximately 17,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day or 9,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day net to Hess in the third quarter, and to average approximately 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day net to Hess in 2020. No other production wells are planned to be drilled in 2020 in the Gulf of Mexico. However, we are participating in the BP-operated Galapagos deep exploration well with a 25% working interest in this hub-class cretaceous-aged opportunity in the Mississippi Canyon area, the well spud in May and is still drilling. In the third quarter, our guidance for Gulf of Mexico net production is expected to be between 50,000 and 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day reflecting planned maintenance of third-party-operated facilities that will shut in Conger and Llano for approximately 40 days beginning August 1 as well as a planned nine-day maintenance shutdown at the Shenzi field. For the full year 2020, our guidance for Gulf of Mexico net production is approximately 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the Gulf of Thailand, production in the second quarter was 44,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day above our guidance of approximately 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. During April, natural gas nominations reflected slower economic activity associated with COVID-19, but nominations began to rebound in the second half of the quarter as the restrictions on movement were lifted and economy began to recover. Our guidance for our third quarter and full year 2020 net production is between 50,000 and 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now turning to Guyana. Production from Liza Phase 1 commenced in December 2019 and in the second quarter averaged 86,000 gross barrels of oil per day or 22,000 barrels of oil per day net to Hess. Further work to commission water injection and increased gas injection is underway that should enable Liza Destiny FPSO to reach its full capacity of 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day in August. The Liza Phase 2 development will utilize the Liza Unity FPSO with a capacity to produce 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. The project is progressing to plan with approximately 75% of the overall work completed and first oil remains on track for early 2022. As previously announced, some activities for the planned Payara development have been deferred pending government approval, creating a potential delay in production start-up of six to 12 months. The Stena Carron and the Noble Tom Madden drillships resumed work in late May and early June respectively. The Stena Carron rig recently completed appraisal drilling at Yellowtail-2 located one mile southeast of Yellowtail-1. The well identified two additional high quality reservoirs, one adjacent to and the other below the Yellowtail field further demonstrating the world-class quality of this basin. This additional resource is currently being evaluated and will help form the basis for a potential future development. The Stena Carron will next move to the Kaieteur Block in which Hess holds a 15% working interest to spud the Tanager-1 well, which is located 46 miles northwest of Liza. The Noble Don Taylor spudded the Redtail exploration well located approximately 1.4 mile northwest of Yellowtail-1 on July 13. The well will target similar stratigraphic intervals as Yellowtail and will consist of an original hole and side track and will include an option to conduct the drill stem test in the future. Results of Redtail-1 and Yellowtail-2 will be incorporated into our evaluation of the Yellowtail area. In closing we continue to focus on strong execution across our portfolio while ensuring the safety of our workforce and the communities where we operate in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic. We have taken significant steps in response to the low oil price environment that positioned us to successfully navigate these challenging times and to prosper when oil prices recover. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly. 
John Rielly: Thanks Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the second quarter of 2020 to the first quarter. We incurred a net loss of $320 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to an adjusted net loss of $182 million in the first quarter. For E&P, E&P incurred a net loss of $249 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to an adjusted net loss of $120 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the second quarter of 2020 and the first quarter of 2020 were as follows: lower realized selling prices reduced results by $115 million. Lower sales volumes reduced results by $128 million. Lower DD&A expense improved results by $53 million. Lower cash costs improved results by $38 million. Lower midstream tariffs improved results by $16 million. All other items improved results by $7 million for an overall decrease in second quarter results of $129 million. For the second quarter, sales volumes were underlifted compared with production by approximately 3.9 million barrels of oil of which 3.7 million barrels of oil was associated with our previously announced VLCC strategy which was implemented to enhance 2020 cash flow and the value of our Bakken production. As part of this strategy an additional 2.3 million barrels of Bakken crude will be loaded on VLCC tankers in the third quarter. At June 30 the VLCC volumes had total cost of $113 million included in inventory on the balance sheet and a corresponding reduction to marketing expenses on the income statement. In addition at June 30, we deferred $85 million of realized gains on derivative contracts associated with these volumes. The first VLCC cargo of approximately 2 million barrels of oil has been sold for delivery in China in September at a premium to Brent prices. As a result income from the sale will be reflected in the third quarter and cash proceeds will be received in the fourth quarter. The remaining 2 VLCC cargoes containing approximately 4 million barrels of oil are expected to be sold in Asia in the fourth quarter. Now turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $51 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to $61 million in the previous quarter reflecting lower throughput volumes. Midstream EBITDA on an adjusted basis and before non-controlling interest amounted to $172 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to $193 million in the previous quarter. Turning to corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $122 million in the second quarter of 2020 compared to $123 million in the previous quarter. Now turning to our financial position, at quarter end excluding Midstream cash and cash equivalents were $1.64 billion and our total liquidity was $5.3 billion including available committed credit facilities while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $6.6 billion. Our fully undrawn $3.5 billion revolving credit facility is committed through May 2023. During the second quarter we successfully syndicated our $1 billion term loan with a maturity date in March 2023. We have no near-term debt maturities aside from the new term loan. We have hedged over 80% of our remaining crude oil production for 2020. At June 30, the fair value of open hedge contracts was approximately $450 million while realized settlements on closed contracts during the first six months of the year were approximately $500 million. Now turning to guidance, our E&P cash costs were $8.81 per barrel of oil equivalent including Libya and $8.64 per barrel of oil equivalent excluding Libya in the second quarter. We project E&P cash costs excluding Libya to be in the -- to be in the range of $10 to $10.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter which reflects the impact of planned maintenance shutdowns in the Gulf of Mexico and higher production taxes in North Dakota on increasing oil prices. Full year guidance is expected to be in the range of $9.50 to $10 per barrel of oil equivalent which is down from previous guidance of $10 to $10.50 per barrel of oil equivalent reflecting the increased production guidance and further reductions to cost. This brings total cost savings to approximately $265 million for 2020 and we continue to look for further cost reduction opportunities. DD&A expense was $15.45 per barrel of oil equivalent including and excluding Libya in the second quarter. DD&A expense excluding Libya is forecast to be in the range of $16 to $17 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter due to a combination of planned maintenance shutdowns in the Gulf of Mexico, higher third quarter production from North Malay Basin and additional Bakken production related to the deferral of the turnaround at the Tioga Gas Plant to next year. For the full year, DD&A expense is projected to be in the range of $16 to $17 per barrel of oil equivalent, which is up from prior full year guidance of $15 to $16 per barrel of oil equivalent. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs excluding Libya to be in the range of $26 to $27.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and $25.50 to $27 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year. Exploration expenses excluding dry hole costs are expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million in the third quarter and $140 million to $150 million for the full year, which is down from previous guidance of $145 million to $155 million. The midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $220 million to $230 million in the third quarter and $905 million to $930 million for the full year, which is unchanged from previous guidance. E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $10 million to $15 million for the third quarter and $20 million to $30 million for the full year, which is unchanged from previous guidance. Our crude oil hedge positions remain unchanged. We expect option premium amortization will be approximately $70 million for the third quarter and approximately $280 million for the full year which is unchanged from previous guidance. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $40 million to $50 million in the third quarter and $195 million to $205 million for the full year, which is up from previous guidance of $185 million to $195 million due to the deferral of planned third quarter maintenance turnaround at the Tioga Gas Plant to 2021. For corporate. Corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million for the third quarter and unchanged for the full year in the range of $115 million to $125 million. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $95 million to $100 million for the third quarter and $375 million to $380 million for the full year, which is at the lower end of our previous guidance of $375 million to $385 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Your question, please.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I hope everybody is doing well out there. I guess, my first question is on the Bakken, my second one on Guyana. So Greg, first on the Bakken. Can you give us -- with the revised guidance, give us an update on how you see the exit rate and the decline on a 1-rig program going into 2021? 
Greg Hill: Yes. Doug, this is Greg. So the exit rate is going to be somewhere in the range of 170 to 175. And the reason is because we're projecting a little bit lower POP volumes in the fourth quarter with seasonal NGL prices coming up. So 170 to 175. As far as 2021, we're still in the throes of developing our plans for next year. So we'll give you guidance on that in January as always. What I will say though is we believe that we can hold production relatively flat if -- with a 2-rig program we could hold it relatively flat. So there will be some decline on a one year -- with a 1-rig program but we will give you that guidance in January. 
Doug Leggate: Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you. My follow-up if I may is on Guyana and I've just got a couple of things related I guess. First of all, Greg obviously the election hasn't been resolved yet. I don't know if John wants to handle this one. But my understanding was that ISS-ESG was still not done with their evaluation the Payara FPSO is already -- the hull is already complete. I think it's 14 months for the top side installation. In other words it was already running ahead of schedule. So I'm just wondering if you can put some context around the 6 month to 12 month delay? Because there seems to be some speculation out there that Payara has been pushed out much later, which was not my understanding. That's I guess is part one. And if I may squeeze a part two, it's really just if you could speak to the plateau implications of the deeper resource exploration success you've had on the early, let's say the first two, three, four FPSOs because it seems to me those plateaus are going to be a bit longer than perhaps you originally had planned for? And I'll leave it there. Thank you.
John Hess: Doug, great questions. Hope you and your family are well as well. Look, the Court of Appeal in Guyana is expected to issue a ruling tomorrow, and we hope the ruling will provide further clarity on the election outcome. Ultimately, we expect the will of the Guyanese people will be expressed in this final results. I think, it's really important to know. The leadership of both major political parties has stated support for the Stabroek production sharing contract. And in terms of Payara and moving the development forward, the joint venture is ready to move forward as expeditiously as possible as soon as the government is ready to do so. So I think that's the clarity there. And what the potential impact is on the ultimate development timing and production timing of Payara will be a function of us working forward with the government. So I wouldn't want to speculate more than that, but we're ready to move forward as soon as the government is ready to move forward. In terms of the exploration success that we've had, the 16 discoveries, six of which these exploration wells were spud in 2019 most recently. They have  actually during this time some of the drilling delays have enabled us to optimize the resource to be developed for ships four and ships five, and ultimately lowering the cost per barrel and increasing the NPV of these discoveries. So just these six recent exploration discoveries that were spud in 2019 were  is going to bring value forward. You're making a good point, which is I think a second point which is a number of these appraisals that we're drilling will be tiebacks, which will be value enhancers and extend the plateau. You're absolutely right on that. So I think it's both points optimizing ship four and five, just because of our recent exploration and appraisal activities, but also building our inventory of tiebacks will also bring value forward. And then the third point, I'd say is that, we have a really exciting world-class inventory of feasible drillable prospects both in the Campanian where most of our discoveries have been made where the developments are currently moving forward, but also deeper horizons. Greg talked about one in Yellowtail and also the deeper Santonian. And this will really underpin low-cost barrel developments for many years to come, sustaining our trajectory of industry-leading cash flow growth from Guyana through the decade. So I think, hopefully, that provides some context for you in terms of how we think about the exploration potential, development potential, production potential of the world-class asset that we have in Guyana.
Doug Leggate: That's terrific. Thanks for the detail answer guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Your question please.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning. Thus far you have three penetrations in the early cretaceous at Liza Deep, Tripletail deep and now Yellowtail deep. Gregory, I was wondering, if you could discuss some of the key conclusions thus far in the Santonian and just broader thoughts on Yellowtail moving into the development queue and perhaps you could also just kind of set the stage for Redtail?
John Hess: Yeah. Greg, why don't you go ahead on the early returns on some of the deeper opportunities on how we feel about the prospectivity overall as Arun is asking?
Greg Hill: Yeah, you bet. So Arun as you mentioned, we have several penetrations in the Stabroek Block, and then of course on the neighboring block in Suriname with Apache, we have penetrations there as well. So, we obviously remain  are very excited about the potential of the Santonian. As I've mentioned previously, it's just an older river system that looks very similar on seismic to the Liza-type deltaic environment. Now obviously, it's early days. So we've got to get a lot more penetrations in the Santonian to understand it. And that will be the big  will be a big part of the exploration and appraisal program going forward in the next couple of years, but we remain very excited. Now, if we turn to Yellowtail and kind of the Redtail areas, I mentioned in my remarks that Redtail is going to target basically the same stratigraphic intervals as Yellowtail. And the combination of Yellowtail-1 Yellowtail-2 and Redtail is really going to form the basis of another FPSO development. The partnership is looking at all the cadence and the development of  which is going to be Phase 4, and which is going to be Phase 5 Yellowtail is looking very promising. And of course, it's got some higher value than Hammerhead, because it's got a higher quality oil. So the potential for it jumping the queue and being much earlier in the queue is certainly a lot higher given what we've seen in Yellowtail-2 and what we expect to see in Redtail as well?
Arun Jayaram: Could it support the larger ship size call it 220? 
Greg Hill: Yeah.
Arun Jayaram: Or is it too early to say?
Greg Hill: Yes, it could.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. Great and just my follow-up is just on Liza 1, you guys talked about getting to call it that 120, sometime in August. Could you discuss the potential of the facility to run above nameplate? And I also wanted to bring John Rielly in the discussion if he could discuss. We did observe a weaker realization in the quarter for the Liza crude. And just thoughts on how do you expect oil pricing in Guyana to trend relative to Brent?
John Hess: Yeah. Greg, why don't you take the first one? And John Rielly will take the second one. 
Greg Hill: Sure.
John Hess: Thanks Arun.
Greg Hill: Yeah. Thanks, Arun. So currently the focus remains on the commissioning work that I talked about in my opening remarks. So that's getting further in gas injection capacity and also water injection capacity. That work is ongoing. And we expect that we can ramp to full capacity, during the month of August of the 120,000 barrels a day or so. Beyond that, the operator is evaluating de-bottlenecking options. We don't know exactly how much additional capacity that's going to add yet, because the studies are ongoing. But what I will say is that that de-bottlenecking work will most likely occur in the first half of 2021. So we hope that, in the first half that we'll be able to get more capacity out of Liza Phase 1. But we'll quantify that amount in the future once, we've chosen an option.
Arun Jayaram: Great.
John Hess: And then, Arun on pricing for Liza crude, Liza crude was pricing at Brent. And we continue to guide that it will be pricing at parity to Brent. So what you saw in the second quarter was that, we had two liftings, but both of those priced and delivered early in the quarter when Brent prices were very low. So when you're going to see our third quarter realizations, we'll reflect the quarter-on-quarter improvement in Brent prices.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thank you, John.
John Hess: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Scotiabank. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Good morning guys.
John Hess: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: I know this is a bit early. Maybe that -- John can you maybe at least from a direction standpoint on 2021 CapEx versus 2020, we expect to be up, down or roughly the same?
John Hess: Sure, Paul. I mean, as you said it is early, and we will discuss our guidance as usual, in January. But where we are right now, we expect our 2021 capital spend to be flat to down, compared to 2020. And the big moving parts is we'll have lower spend in the Bakken, continuing with the one rig and then that will be offset by higher spend in Guyana.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And secondly that, on the VLCC, can you tell us that what is the storage shipping and interest expense costs related to that six million barrel? I mean, we know that you get a better price realization, when you sold it in Asia. But what is the incremental cost to get there?
John Hess: So for -- as you said, so we have the first cargo and it was sold in China, as I mentioned at a premium to November, Brent prices. And I think I mentioned this last quarter, but we locked in the contango in the Brent market by obviously capturing the difference between the near month prices and prices at the expected sales date. And then now as I mentioned, plus we are receiving an uplift in price differential of selling at a premium to Brent in the Asian market versus a significant discount that we would have had to WTI in the second quarter. So basically the combination of those two benefits more than offsets the cost of storing and transporting those volumes to the Asian market.  So again, we're not being specific. Each VLCC is different but, the way we locked it in and the contango. And then obviously picking up the better differential is making it a very profitable trade for our Bakken crude.
Paul Cheng: John you -- maybe that you don't want to share because of commercial reasons, what's the actual cost? Can you tell us that what is the net improvement you expect, from those six million barrel, comparing to you sell it down in the Gulf Coast?
John Hess: Yeah. So, let me put it this way, because it gets to a hypothetical calculation. Because as you know Paul trying to move and sell barrels in the second quarter especially in May, we don't even know if we could have sold those barrels. And if we did sell those barrels would it have been even more than a discount we were seeing in the market. So I think the best way to look at it, is as I said the move from WTI to Brent and locking in that Brent contango took care of all of the cost. You probably saw in May the differentials on WTI down at Gulf Coast say, $14 to $15 under WTI. And now we're picking up a premium to Brent. So you can apply the difference in that discount plus the premium to all those barrels. So you can see for us it if one, -- as we talked about, we didn't want to shut in production. This allows us to sell these barrels in the same year versus if you shut in production you never would have gotten those barrels sold and got that cash flow plus it allowed us to enhance the value of the Bakken crude.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And on the gas plant turnaround, I'm actually a little bit surprised that you guys decided to delay it given the demand is relatively weak this year and hopefully next year will be better and the prices still hopefully next year will be better. Other than say maybe a cash flow issue, is there any reason that we really want to delay the Tioga plant turnaround?
John Hess: Greg will answer this, but it's all about safety and the welfare of our employees and contractors of the community where we do business. So it was a safety decision a precaution and we absolutely know we did the right thing there. But Greg do you want to elaborate at all? And then John can talk about any other financial impacts.
Greg Hill: No. I think John you pretty much answered it. I mean, we saw a spike in Tioga that was not only some local workers, but also some of the people that we were going to bring in from the Gulf Coast for the turnaround. There were spikes going on in that part of Texas as well. So we just made a conscious decision that for the safety of our employees and for the safety of our community up there in Tioga that we did not want to introduce the potential for additional COVID cases. So again it was purely a safety based decision.
John Rielly: And then from a financial standpoint, obviously, we're picking up on an annual basis about 5,000 barrels a day of added production from it mostly natural gas and NGLs, actually all of the natural gas and NGLs from that. And then we'll have, obviously, less cost in the third quarter associated with the maintenance. So all that is moved to next year. But again Paul as Gregory said this was related to COVID and the safety of the employers, employees, contractors in the local community.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Brian Singer: I wanted to go back to Guyana if I can and go back to the Yellowtail reservoirs. Can you add any additional color on what's defining the high quality reservoirs from a thickness oil quality perspective? And you added some takeaways on more of the deeper reservoirs given multiple penetrations from industry and yourselves. Can you add any more color on the implications of the adjacent reservoirs? And then in earlier question you mentioned -- earlier response you mentioned that you're optimizing the resource development for ships four and five lowering the cost per barrel and increasing the present value, is that a function of the better quality reservoirs that you're seeing, or is there something that you're doing with regards to the underlying cost structure for future development? Thank you.
John Hess: Yeah. Greg will pick up on this. Great question Brian. Drilling and evaluation is still underway in Yellowtail. So some of the specificity you're asking for we can just talk contextually not specifically, but happy to do that and Greg will also shed some light in terms of the prospectivity that it's a higher quality oil more like Liza and the aerial extent and connectivity looks very encouraging for a bigger ship. So Greg do you want to elaborate?
Greg Hill: Yeah sure. So Brian I mean pretty much what we saw was the same quality of reservoirs that were in Yellowtail-1. And as John mentioned, those reservoirs are very much Liza like, so very high quality oil, very high quality reservoir. And then as we went over to Yellowtail-2 as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we saw continuity with an existing very large aerial extent in Yellowtail, and then also a lower lobe if you will, but also had very high quality pay and very high quality oil in it. So the result of that is the Yellowtail complex is just getting much bigger. And given the quality of the oil and the quality of the reservoir, it makes a lot of sense to move that development forward, a, because it's higher capacity. And again it's got a much higher quality both crude oil and reservoir than say hammerhead, right. And, of course, Redtail moving over again it's 1.25 miles away, we expect that that would further extend the aerial extent of those reservoirs. And so far looks like good continuity between everything. So that just bodes well for an extremely good development again at that higher capacity.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you. And then my follow-up John. You started the call talking about positioning the company to perform well in a sustained low oil price environment. And I wondered whether the free cash flow as future phases of Guyana ramp up if that is sufficient to meet your cash preservation goals, or if you see the need for asset sales or equity-linked issuance to reduce leverage?
John Rielly: Thanks Brian. No what we are planning -- the plan first of all that we put in place as John said that preserve cash, preserve capability and preserve long-term value is in this low price environment we wanted to get all the way through to Phase 2 in Guyana and be in a position then picking up, I'm just going to say approximately 60,000 barrels a day of Brent-based production coming into the portfolio. So once we can get to that Phase 2 and then obviously Payara comes on in Phase 4, we believe we can fund our way through that cycle and fund our investments in Guyana with our current positions that we have. Now obviously, we have tremendous liquidity as I mentioned earlier, but what we are looking at right now that even with the low oil price environment that we're not going to add debt to our balance sheet during this period. And again, we think we put a plan in place that gets us through to that Phase 2.
John Hess: Yes. And specifically, we have no plans to issue equity Brian. And we're always looking to optimize our portfolio. And if there are some noncore assets that we can monetize to bring some of that cash forward, you can assume that we'll do that as we've done in the past.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai of Barclays. Your question please.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone.
John Rielly: Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Jeanine Wai: My questions are kind of regulatory and policy related. I guess the first one, in terms of federal exposure a potential risk with the November election in the coast of Mexico, can you discuss what optionality you have with permits? For example, how many do you have in hand? And what optionality you might have with leases? I know there wasn't any wells planned anyway for next year in the region, but we're just trying to understand what potential you have there as some kind of chance next year?
John Hess: Yes. No fair question, Jeanine. I think two points I'd like to make there. First, we have less than 2.5% of our acreage in North Dakota on federal lands and with significantly reduced Gulf of Mexico activity through 2021. We don't anticipate any significant near impacts to Hess from any potential regulatory changes from a new administration. But I think the second point which is a very important one is that 23% of U.S. productions on -- of oil is on federal lands about two-thirds of that oil production is offshore Gulf of Mexico. And any proposals that would restrict our country's ability to explore, develop and produce that oil is going to be very bad for U.S. jobs, very bad for the U.S. economy and very bad for our national security. So we hope when people are thinking about future policy, when it comes to federal lands reason prevails, which would be in the interest of all U.S. taxpayers and consumers. 
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. Thank you very much for that answer. Also I guess my second question would be on DAPL sticking to North Dakota there. On the potential shutdown of the pipeline. Can you discuss how much capacity you have to move DAPL barrels by other transport means? And I know Hess is advantaged with the fact that you have several railcars that you own and optionality there. But can you address your capacity to move per DAPL barrels by other means? And if there are any specific logistical issues associated with getting that production to rail or whatever other options you have?
John Hess: Yes, sure. Excellent question. Look the status of DAPL, we continue to transport volumes on DAPL while we wait for a decision on the stay from the District Court of Appeals. We have 55,000 barrels a day from transportation on DAPL. If DAPL is shut in, we have the capacity to move all of our Bakken production because of the flexibility provided by our marketing capability, our Hess Midstream infrastructure and our long-term commitments to multiple markets. And specifically, if DAPL were interrupted, rail would feature plus other pipeline systems that we move oil on currently would feature. So it would not have a major impact on moving all of our production, if DAPL were shut in and the cost to us would be a few dollars per barrel.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
John Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Roger Read: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
John Rielly: Good morning.
Roger Read: I guess a couple of questions get into one kind of tying back to maybe Brian's question earlier about leverage and all that. How do you think about the hedging, which is obviously a big success this year as you look into 2021? Would you want to hedge again -- I can't get quite the prices we had this year. So on the forward curve, maybe it's not attractive enough right now. But I'm just curious how you're thinking about that and the overall managing of cash flow and CapEx?
John Rielly: Yes, Roger. That's clearly part of our plan to hedge in 2021. Because as we were talking about earlier, we know we are bridging to that Phase 2 in Guyana. And obviously, we've done the reduction in our capital spend. We've got the term loan. We did as you said have a strong position -- hedge position here for 2020. So as we move through the year, we like to keep with our strategy of using put options. So you can expect us to put options in the fourth quarter. Like you said, right now, from just the volatility and the time value of the put options, putting them on right now would be too expensive. However, as we get into the fourth quarter and get closer to 2021, you should expect us to put on hedges and to put on a significant hedge position, similar to what we did in 2020.
Roger Read: Okay. Thanks. And then my other question, more operational. We know about the issues that you had on the surface equipment at Liza. And I was just curious, how the wells have been performing or what you can give us there? I mean, obviously, talk about how good Yellowtail is from a reservoir standpoint, similar to Liza. And I was just curious, have you seen enough at this point where you would say, the expectations are being met by reality here?
John Hess: Yes. Greg. 
Greg Hill: Yes.
John Hess: Yellowtail performance, Liza.
Greg Hill: Absolutely. I mean, the wells are -- these are amazing wells, or awesome wells and they're meeting or beating all of our expectations. So, great wells, no issue with wells whatsoever.
Roger Read: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Brackett of Bernstein Research. Your question, please.
Bob Brackett: Good morning. I had a question around Guyana and I'm curious about where the Hoss-1 [ph] prospect has fallen out. It looks to be the largest, at least, area under closure prospect remaining in the inventory. But I thought it was going to be drilled at some point this year. Could I get an update on that? 
John Hess: Yes, Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes, Bob. So the plan is that we do hope to spud that well before the end of the year. It's the next in queue on the exploration order. So, hopefully, the Noble Don Taylor will be able to spud that well before the end of the year. It's working right -- it's going -- obviously, even Redtail and it's going to do some phase two producers and then we'll go to Hoss [ph] after that. So depending on how long all that takes, we should get it spud by the end of the year.
Bob Brackett: Okay. Thanks for that.
Greg Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Deckelbaum of Cowen. Your line is open.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning. Thanks for the time today.
John Hess: Thank you.
David Deckelbaum: Just a question. You talked about before, requiring two rigs to hold the Bakken flat. I know the intention is to spend less next year overall assuming a one-rig program. Is there a move in commodities that would cause you to look at maintaining Bakken volumes, or is the strategy now to just accrete that cash to the balance sheet to maximize liquidity?
John Hess: Yes. No, we would want WTI to be in the range of $50 for us to consider to bring that rig back. And our focus is to maximize cash flow generation for sure and that's going to be a dynamic between price -- the outlook for prices and keeping our liquidity strong. So again when we get to the end of the year, we'll be able to give more clarity on what our plans for the Bakken are. Right now, it's one rig. And as we go into next year, we'll make the decision according to where the market outlook is.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate that. And then, just the last one for me. Just -- I know, just kind of trying to put a bow around Payara. When you originally guided the six to 12-month potential deferral, I guess, how is the political process lining up with your expectations? And, I guess, what do we need to see happen in order to be able to adhere to that same guidance?
John Hess: Yes. Newly elected government needs to be put in place. And as soon as it is, our joint venture will work closely with the government to move the development forward. Just for conservatism, we're talking about a six to 12-month delay. As a function of how it works out with this newly elected government, we'll be able to be more specific on the exact timing once we get the development approved, which we anticipate getting eventually.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate that as well. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Campbell: Thank you and good morning. First, I want to ask why you chose to invest in the BP Gulf of Mexico well rather than exploring your own tie-in targets of which Esox-1 was such a great success?
John Hess: Greg you want to talk about our exploration strategy. And we have a position in the cretaceous and joint venturing and sharing risk with BP was the appropriate thing to do. It's not just that it's BP, it's also Hess. But anyway, Greg, why don't you provide some perspective on our activities in the Gulf?
Greg Hill: Yes, you bet. So, again, the Gulf of Mexico is a key part land for us, great cash engine, plus we have the proven capability, not only on the exploration side, but also on the project delivery, which includes drilling and development of topside. So obviously, it remains a key for us. And in the last five years, we've acquired 60 leases in the Gulf of Mexico for a grand total of $120 million. So very good price for all those leases. And it's really composed of three things: a ILX kind of near infrastructure opportunities; b Miocene greenfield hub opportunities; and then thirdly, the cretaceous play which really get derisked by the Norphlet, right? Because everyone thought the Norphlet was going to be tombstone and of course Shell and Chevron found not only very high-quality sands, but very thick sands and the cretaceous sandwich between the Miocene and the Norphlet.  So obviously in order for crude to make it from the source rock all the way to Miocene that had to pass through both Norphlet and cretaceous. So the prospects that are in the cretaceous which we got a good position as John said, we also have a position that has partners. So we derisk it. But these are very large hub-class opportunities. So BP had Galapagos in the queue in 2020 given it's a large prospect. Again sandwiched between the Norphlet and the Miocene and the Mississippi Canyon area we said we will go ahead and drill it. So it's purely just a matter of where it came in the queue because again, we like all three opportunity sets that we have ILX, Miocene and this cretaceous play. Obviously as crude prices move up, we'll want to get back to work in the Gulf of Mexico on our own things. And first in the queue is going to be some of those ILX opportunities like a second well at Esox. But again, we need to see a little bit higher crude price before we do that so we did Galapagos because the opportunity was now. 
A  John Hess: Yes, on the BP Galapagos prospect it was purely a time issue. And when we say preserve cash preserve capability, preserve long-term value of assets obviously Galapagos fits in that latter category but there was a time constraint there. At the same time in this pricing environment, we're going to focus on preserving the cash. And our activity levels in the Gulf of Mexico are not anticipated to be very high until we get more visibility on oil prices and the oil markets stabilizing and strengthening. 
Q  Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. Great. That was a very helpful explanation. I appreciate it. And then my other question was just on the subject of asset sales. With Yellowtail expanding and seemingly exceeding expectations and jumping ahead of Hammerhead in the queue could this support selling down an interest in lower quality Guyana assets if the price is right, or is there no such thing as a Guyana asset that's going to be for sale? 
A  John Hess: Well our company is always looking to optimize the value of our portfolio, but one of the lowest cost highest return investments in the industry is our position in Guyana. We see a lot more running room there and it's actually something if we could get more of it, we'd like more of it. So no, we don't have any interest in selling down. So high returns and low cost. Nothing competes with it in the industry. 
Q  Jeffrey Campbell: Great. Thank you. Appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Todd of Simmons Energy. Your question, please?
Ryan Todd: Good. Thanks. Maybe just a couple of quick numbers related to ones. Firstly, on CapEx. Second quarter CapEx is a little bit lower versus guidance despite a pretty solid number of well completions in the Bakken. What are you seeing on leading edge during the completion costs in the Bakken versus what you anticipated in your full year budget? 
A  John Hess: Greg, do you want me to take that? 
A  Greg Hill: Yes. Sure, John. Yes. 
A  John Hess: Okay. So from a well cost standpoint if you saw we did -- the D&C, we did drop our D&C cost to $6 million in the quarter. That was our goal to get there by the end of the year. So we did achieve that a bit earlier. So we are getting some nice reductions there in the Bakken from that standpoint. Outside of that, I think it's just the normal efficiencies. Greg and his team are continuing to drive that down. Yes, Bakken from within our original $1.9 billion and what we guided from the last quarter is down a bit more from the last quarter because of the efficiencies there. But overall with the portfolio of $1.9 billion we're seeing a little bit more now with the rigs back operating in Guyana just a little bit more in the Guyana. So it's a nice offset and keeps a set our $1.9 billion capital spend. 
Ryan Todd: And then maybe just a quick one on -- I mean you mentioned and you provided guidance on cash OpEx really strong in the quarter. Is this -- is this primarily just a mix or a volume beat issue, or are there some -- is there some underlying downward pressure that you're seeing on cash costs? 
A  John Hess: Well so for the Q2, I mean production did come in approximately 20,000 barrels a day above guidance, so we had a really good performance across the portfolio from a production standpoint. And our cost on an absolute basis came in 10% lower than guidance and that was across the portfolio. So nothing in particular, but look in this environment day in and day out, we're looking to take more and more costs out. And like we said earlier, we're continuing to look for further cost reductions and look to add to that $265 million that I mentioned earlier.
Ryan Todd: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Devin McDermott of Morgan Stanley. Your question, please.
Devin McDermott: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in.
John Hess: No, Devin, thanks a lot.
Devin McDermott: I just had a quick one to follow-up actually on the last point. It relates to some of the Bakken well cost reductions and looking at the $6 million that you achieved the quarter-over-quarter change is more on the completion side. But the question specifically is when you look at the driver of that reduction and meeting your year-end target early. Is that more supply chain deflation driven based on what's going on in the industry, or are there true structural improvements and efficiencies that you're finding and driving into the cost structure earlier than expected? I'm trying to get to what's structural change in the cost versus what might be?
John Hess: Yes Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes sure. So getting down to that $6 million, two-thirds of that was supply chain and one-third is efficiencies -- further efficiencies. Now as we look forward, there's probably going to be minimal supply chain concession. So, most of that we've already realized. But as we look forward through further lean manufacturing applications and also technology we think we can get that cost down lower. So we think next year there will be a five and in the number versus a six.
Devin McDermott: Great. Ill leave it there. I just want to thanks so much. Hope you all well.
John Hess: Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking the question. Just one question for me a bit high level though. You talked about kind of avoiding moving some personnel from Texas to North Dakota as a precautionary measure. More broadly though, can you just paint the visual picture of what you've been doing to enforce social distancing at your Bakken assets as well as in the Gulf of Mexico, obviously, two different facets of the portfolio?
John Hess: Yes. There's significant protocols that are in place and we're very proud of our team to be operating safely and reliably during the COVID outbreak. But Greg, you want to talk about the steps we've taken?
Greg Hill: Yes sure. So certainly in the -- Bakken has the advantage of being very spread out, right? But certainly we limit the size that people are allowed to gather in the same room. And then when we're doing work so for example on the Tioga expansion, when we're doing work we're confining the work to pods of workers that are typically anywhere from six to 10 people, and those people stay together. And so we keep social distance between pods and organize the work such that you don't expose large numbers of the people right to each other. So that's the way that we've approached the work. That's worked very effectively and very well. And the one little spike that we did see in Tioga was one pod and it was confined completely to that pod, because of the practices that we used. On the Gulf of Mexico, we require testing, and then of course, extended hitches offshore again to minimize exposure, and also our crew changes are kind of blitz, they used to be staggered, but now there's one single crew change. So that way you minimize exposure as well. So as a result of the measures we've taken, I mean, all of our field operations are continuing to produce with the appropriate safeguards. So, so far so good.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks very much.
John Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2020 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is May, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, May. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and is on our website, www.hess.com. I would first like to express our hope that all of you listening and your families are safe and well. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. In light of the COVID-19 pandemic and reduced spending plans we've put in place, many of the forward-looking statements from our previous presentations and investor materials have changed and should not be relied upon. We will provide updated guidance during this call. As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, our operations and those of our business partners, service companies and suppliers have experienced and may continue to experience adverse effects, including disruptions, delays or temporary suspensions of operations and supply chains, temporary closures of facilities and other employee impacts. In addition, the pandemic has adversely impacted and may continue to adversely impact our oil demand and prices, export capacity and the availability of commercial storage options, which could lead to further curtailments and shut-ins of production by our industry. To the extent we or our business partners, service companies and suppliers experience these or other effects, our production, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and future growth prospects may be adversely affected. The time line and potential magnitude of the COVID-19 pandemic is currently unknown. To the extent the COVID-19 pandemic adversely affects our business and financial results, it may also have the effect of heightening many other risks described in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. On the line with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. In compliance with social distancing protocols, we are conducting this call remotely, so please bear with us. In case there are audio issues, we will be posting transcripts of each speaker's prepared remarks on www.hess.com, following the presentation. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter conference call, and we hope you and your families are well and staying healthy. Today, I will discuss our strategic response to the market downturn and the steps we are taking to manage in a sustained period of low oil prices. Then Greg Hill will discuss our operations and John Rielly will follow to review our financial results. As we all know, the world has been battling a global pandemic and the danger it poses to society. Our hearts go out to those who have lost loved ones to COVID-19 and also to those who are struggling with the loss of jobs. Our top priority throughout this crisis is the safety of our workforce and the communities where we operate. Our multidisciplinary Hess emergency response team has been overseeing our plans and precautions to reduce the risk of COVID-19 in our work environment. We are grateful to every healthcare worker and first responder for all they are doing during this very difficult time. In addition, the pandemic has had a severe impact on the near-term oil demand, resulting in a sharp decline in oil prices. Our priorities in this low-price environment are to preserve cash, preserve capability and preserve the long-term value of our assets. In terms of preserving cash, we came into 2020 with approximately 80% of our oil production hedged, with put options for 130,000 barrels per day at $55 per barrel WTI, and 20,000 barrels per day at $60 per barrel Brent. To maximize the value of our production, we have chartered three very large crude carriers or VLCCs to store two million barrels each of May, June and July Bakken crude oil production, which we expect to sell in Asia in the fourth quarter of 2020. As announced on March 17, we further strengthened the company's cash position and liquidity through a $1 billion three year term loan underwritten by JPMorgan Chase. We also have a $3.5 billion undrawn revolving credit facility and no material debt maturities until the term loan comes due in 2023. We have further reduced our 2020 capital and exploratory budget down to $1.9 billion, a 37% reduction from our original budget of $3 billion. This reduction will be achieved primarily by shifting from a 6-rig program to one rig in the Bakken by the end of this month and the deferral of certain exploratory and development expenditures in Guyana. Continuing to operating one rig in the Bakken, our largest operated asset, will help us preserve our capability in lean manufacturing, which over the years has generated significant cost efficiencies and productivity improvements. We plan to stay at one rig until WTI oil prices stabilize in a $50 per barrel range. In terms of preserving long-term value of our assets, our top priority is Guyana, which is one of the industry's most attractive investments. On the Stabroek Block, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator, we have made 16 discoveries since 2015. The current estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources for the block stands at more than eight billion barrels of oil equivalent, with multibillion barrels of exploration potential remaining. The Liza Phase one development achieved first production in December and is expected to reach its full capacity of 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day in June. The Liza Phase two development remains on track for a 2022 start-up, with a production capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. Development of the Payara field with a production capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day has been deferred six to 12 months pending government approval to proceed. In addition, pandemic-related travel restrictions have temporarily slowed our drilling campaign in Guyana. As a result, our production objective of more than 750,000 gross barrels of oil per day has been moved into 2026. In summary, our company is in a strong position to manage through this low-price environment and to prosper when the oil market recovers with our low cost of supply and high-return investments that will drive material cash flow growth and increasing financial returns. Finally, we want to thank our employees for their strong commitment to operating safely and reliably during this pandemic. We are deeply proud of every member of our team and confident in our ability to meet the challenges ahead. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an update on our detail on our response to the significant decline in oil prices. First, I'd like to describe the actions we're taking to protect the health and safety of our business continuity in the midst of the global pandemic. A cross-functional Hess response team has been implementing a variety of health and safety measures in consultation with suppliers and partners, which are based on the most current recommendations by government and public health agencies. This includes enhanced cleaning procedures, travel restrictions, extended work schedules at offshore platforms and social distancing initiatives such as remote working [Technical Difficulty] of personnel on work sites wherever possible. As a result of these measures, I am pleased to report that to date, we've had no report [Technical Difficulty] COVID-19 among Hess employees. Turning to our operational results for the quarter. We delivered strong performance across our portfolio and especially in the Bakken. Companywide net production averaged 344,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which was above guidance of 320,000 to 325,000 per day. In the second quarter, we expect net production to be in the range of 310,000 to 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. This reduction from the first quarter is due to low nominations in Southeast Asia caused by COVID demand impacts, nonoperated well shut-ins Bakken [Technical Difficulty] in the Gulf of Mexico. For the full year 2020, net production is forecast to average approximately 320,000 barrels of oil per day, excluding Libya. In the Bakken, we are currently operating two rigs and expect to be [Technical Difficulty] this month. Our plan is to maintain at one rig as oil prices move above $50 per barrel on a sustained basis. Operating one [Technical Difficulty] key operating capabilities that we have worked very hard to build over the years, both within Hess and within our primary drilling and completion suppliers. Bakken capital spend is now expected to be approximately $740 million in 2020. And assuming a 1-rig program in 2021, Bakken capital spend would drop to approximately next year. In the first quarter, our Bakken team delivered strong results. [Technical Difficulty] success of our plug and perf completion designs and mild weather conditions. Before reducing the rig count of 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for 11 days in March, well ahead of schedule, demonstrating the exceptional production capacity of our Bakken position. First quarter Bakken net production, 90,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of more than 46% from the year ago quarter, [Technical Difficulty] guidance of approximately 170,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In 2020, we now expect to drill approximately 70 Bakken wells and to bring approximately 110 new wells online. We plan to complete wells [Technical Difficulty] wells online unless netback prices drop below variable cash production costs, or we are physically unable to move the barrels. In the second quarter, we forecast that our Bakken net production will average approximately 185,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full year 2020, we continue to forecast [Technical Difficulty] approximately 175,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Assuming a 1-rig program through next year, we forecast net Bakken production in 2021 will average between 255,000 [Technical Difficulty] barrels of oil equivalent per day, [Technical Difficulty] lower than this year. We continue planning for the Tioga Gas Plant turnaround in the third quarter of 2020, while closely monitoring potential COVID-19 risks. Moving to the offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico [Technical Difficulty] averaged 74,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The Esox-1 well, which came online in February, is [Technical Difficulty] plateau rate by the end of the second quarter. No other production wells are planned to be drilled in [Technical Difficulty]. We will participate with a 25% working [Technical Difficulty] BP-operated Galapagos deep exploration well, expected to spud later this month. This is a hub-class cretaceous-aged [Technical Difficulty] in the Mississippi Canyon area. In the second quarter, we forecast that Gulf of Mexico net production will average between 65,000 and 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance shut-ins at all [Technical Difficulty]. Planned 30-day shutdowns at Conger and Llano deferred to the third quarter. For the full year 2020, Gulf of Mexico net production is forecast to average approximately 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent today. In the Gulf of Thailand, production in the first quarter was 58,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. During April, natural gas nominations were reduced due to slower economic activity associated with COVID-19. As a result, we [Technical Difficulty] second quarter net production to average approximately 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and the full year 2020 to average approximately 50,000 barrels [Technical Difficulty] Now turning to Guyana. Our discoveries and developments on the Stabroek Block world-class in every respect, with some of the lowest [Technical Difficulty] industry. The adjustments we have made elsewhere in the portfolio [Technical Difficulty] the long-term value of this extraordinary asset. Production from Liza Phase one commenced in [Technical Difficulty] 2019 and in the first quarter averaged 58,000 gross barrels of oil equivalent per day or 15,000 barrels oil equivalent [indiscernible] net oil per day net to Hess. As of this week, gross [Technical Difficulty] to approximately 75,000 barrels of oil and is expected to reach its full capacity of 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day in June. Liza Phase two will utilize the Liza Unity FPSO [Technical Difficulty] to produce up to 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. Despite some pandemic-related delays, the project is progressing to plan, with about 70% of the overall work completed and first oil remains on track for 2022. [Technical Difficulty] ExxonMobil, some activities for the planned Payara development are being deferred, pending government approval, creating a potential delay in production start-up of six to 12 months. As a result of pandemic-related travel restrictions in Guyana, ExxonMobil has temporarily idled two drillships, Stena Carron and the Noble Tom Madden. These vessels are expected to resume work by June. Development activities are continuing with the Noble Don Taylor and Noble Bob Douglas drillships. The [Technical Difficulty] partnership has deferred the addition of a fifth drillship [Technical Difficulty] Guyana. The deferral of Payara and the reduced drilling activities due to COVID-19 travel restrictions has resulted in reduction to our 2020 Guyana capital and exploratory budget of approximately $200 million. In closing, the team once again [Technical Difficulty] execution and delivery across our asset base under very challenging conditions. I'd like to personally thank all of our employees for their hard work and dedication. [Technical Difficulty] actions to ensure the health and safety of our workforce and to ensure that our company is well positioned for this historic downturn and [Technical Difficulty] that is sure to come. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will discuss our ongoing efforts to preserve cash in this low price environment, review our first quarter financial results and update our 2020 guidance. At quarter end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $2.1 billion, and our total liquidity was $5.9 billion, including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $6.6 billion. Our fully undrawn $3.5 billion revolving credit facility is committed through May 2023. We have taken prudent steps to improve our liquidity and reduce costs. As John mentioned, we have cut our 2020 E&P capital guidance another $300 million to $1.9 billion, which is $1.1 billion below our initial guidance from the beginning of the year. On March 16, 2020, we entered into a $1 billion three year term loan agreement with JPMorgan Chase Bank. Aside from the term loan, which matures in March 2023, we have no other near-term debt maturities. We also have more than 80% of our remaining 2020 oil production hedged with $55 WTI put options for 130,000 barrels of oil per day and $60 Brent put options for 20,000 barrels of oil per day. At April 30, 2020, realized settlements to date were approximately $300 million, plus the unrealized fair value of open contracts of $1.05 billion, results in a total realized and unrealized value of approximately $1.350 billion before considering premiums paid. Finally, in response to the current low oil price environment, we have actively cut costs to align with our lower planned activity levels and to remove discretionary spend, which has contributed to a decrease in our projected full year 2020 E&P cash operating costs of approximately $225 million. We are continuing to look for further capital and operating cost reductions. Now turning to results. We incurred a net loss of $2.433 billion in the first quarter of 2020, including noncash impairment and other after-tax charges of $2.251 billion, resulting from the low price environment compared to a net loss of $222 million in the fourth quarter of 2019. On an adjusted basis, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, we incurred a net loss of $182 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to an adjusted loss of $180 million in the previous quarter. Turning to E&P. On an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $120 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to a net loss of $124 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the first quarter of 2020 and fourth quarter of 2019 were as follows: lower realized selling prices reduced results by $147 million. Higher sales volumes improved results by $22 million. Lower cash costs improved results by $78 million, lower exploration expenses improved results by $66 million. All other items reduced results by $15 million. Overall increase in first quarter results of $4 million. Turning to Midstream. On an adjusted basis, the Midstream segment had net income of $61 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to $49 million in the previous quarter, reflecting higher throughput volumes. Midstream EBITDA on an adjusted basis and before noncontrolling interest amounted to $193 million in the first quarter 2020, compared to $157 million in the previous quarter. Turning to corporate. On an adjusted basis, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $123 million in the first quarter of 2020, compared to $105 million in the previous quarter, which included capitalized interest expense of $11 million of Liza Field. Capitalized interest for the Liza Field ceased upon first production in December 2019. First quarter 2010 corporate expenses included a nonrecurring charge of $7 million for legal costs related to former downstream businesses. Now turning to guidance. For E&P, as previously mentioned, our second quarter net production is estimated to be in the range of 310,000 to 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. With the unprecedented reduction in oil demand due to COVID-19, U.S. commercial storage is approaching capacity, resulting in a sharp decline in oil prices. To maximize the value of our production, we have chartered three VLCCs and plan to store two million [Technical Difficulty] each of May, June and July Bakken crude oil production on the VLCCs and sell these barrels in the fourth quarter. We have hedged the contango in the forward Brent curve for these barrels. We do not expect to shut in any of our operated production due to our marketing arrangements and our VLCC storage. From an accounting standpoint, sales volumes will be underlifted by approximately four million barrels of oil in the second quarter and two million barrels of oil in the third quarter as a result of using the VLCCs. While we will receive cash for settlement gains as the put option contracts mature, the net realized gain on contracts associated with the six million barrels of underlifted oil comprised of the cash settlement less the associated amortization of premiums paid will be deferred until the volume stored in the VLCCs are sold. We project E&P cash costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $10 to $10.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter and for the full year of 2020, down from previous full year guidance of $11.50 to $12.50 per barrel oil equivalent primarily due to cost reduction efforts. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $14 to $15 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter and $15 to $16 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2020, down from previous full year guidance of $16.50 to $17.50 per barrel of oil equivalent as a result of the asset impairment charges. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $24 to $25.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter and $25 to $26.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2020. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million in the second quarter, with the full year 2020 guidance now expected to be $145 million to $155 million, down from previous full year guidance of $210 million to $220 million. The Midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $215 million to $230 million in the second quarter and full year 2020 guidance in the range of $905 million to $930 million, down from previous full year guidance of $940 million to $965 million. E&P income tax expense, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $5 million to $10 million for the second quarter and in the range of $20 million to $30 million for the full year of 2020, down from previous full year guidance of $80 million to $90 million. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $40 million to $50 million in the second quarter and full year 2020 guidance in the range of $185 million to $195 million, down from previous full year guidance of $205 million to $215 million. For corporate. Corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million in the second quarter and full year 2020 guidance in the range of $115 million to $125 million is unchanged. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $95 million to $100 million for the second quarter, with the full year 2020 guidance expected to be $375 million to $385 million, up from previous full year guidance of $350 million to $360 million due to the new term loan. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from Ryan Todd, Simmons Energy. Your line is now open.
Ryan Todd: Thanks. Maybe if I could start with the Bakken. Obviously, very strong first quarter production. You gave some guidance around the rest of the year. I think some of the numbers cut out as Greg was talking, could you maybe get some clarity around what completion activity looks like. With the one rig running, will you be building ducts you're completing through? And maybe if you can repeat what the one rig CapEx number looks like in 2021?
John Hess: Yes, Greg, why don't you give it a try and just maybe we speak just a little slower to let the phones catch up. And if we don't get it, John Rielly will follow up.
Greg Hill: Okay. So Ryan, let me start with the capital for the year. The capital for the year in the Bakken will be $740 million. And in that $740 million, we expect to drill approximately 70 Bakken wells and bring 110 new wells online, and we do not plan to build any ducts. We plan to drill and complete all wells that we drill throughout the year and into next year.
Ryan Todd: Great. And maybe if I could, on the maybe for you, John Rielly or either one, could you provide some color on the decision to charter the VLCCs in terms of how you view the relative pluses and minuses of storing the barrels on the ground versus on the VLCC? And what sort of pricing or is there a price signal that you need to sell the barrels into the fourth quarter? Or is that all already set up and contracted?
John Rielly: So the contango of the difference of the current months in Brent and the future months in Brent, let's say, out to December is already hedged. So we've locked that in. But to maximize the value of our Bakken production and preserve our cash flow for this year, we were able to use our marketing capabilities and our firm transportation to U.S. Gulf Coast to charter three VLCCs to load, store and export two million barrels per month of Bakken crude oil in May, June and July. And basically, that spread has been fixed in Brent. On top of it, it is Brent-based pricing, which obviously provides some advantage instead of WTI, and we plan to market the oil in Asia. In Asia, demand for oil is already improving. So it is possible that we sell the oil before, depending upon before the fourth quarter, depending upon market conditions. But the point is we've hedged it, we've locked it in and, basically, the contango in the market and the fact that we used Brent-based pricing offsets the cost of the charters. There're three different charters, different terms, different rates, but the contango in the market that we've hedged and the fact that it's Brent-based pricing, not TI, more than offsets the cost of the charters.
Ryan Todd: Thanks, I appreciate the color there.
Operator: Next question, Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: Thank you everybody. I hope everybody is doing well out there. I guess, my first question would be for Greg, probably. Greg, the resilience of the Bakken has obviously left you with your guidance unchanged. But what does that look like going into 2021 in terms of the underlying production capacity decline rate with the 1-rig program? And I've got a follow-up for Mr. Rielly, please.
Greg Hill: Yes. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, if you keep the rig program through 2021, it's about a 10% decline rate for the Bakken.
Doug Leggate: No, I apologize, I think I missed that. So let me take a second pop at it then, if I may. If the capacity was already north of 200,000 barrels a day, and you hadn't extended that growth through the back end of this year, does that say the trajectory through the back end of 2020 into 2021 as the exit rate is risked higher?
Greg Hill: Yes. Well, the exit rate, we're projecting at the end of the year, 5,000 barrels a day, Doug. So the behavior of it this year is relatively flat because, of course, we built quite a backlog with the six rigs. And we're going to go ahead and complete those wells this year.
John Hess: Repeat that number, Greg, it got muffled again.
Greg Hill: Okay, John.
John Hess: Your exit rate.
Greg Hill: Again, the exit rate is going to be 175,000 barrels a day. And the reason it's relatively high is because, with the six rigs, we built a fair number of wells to complete. And our plan, of course, is to complete those.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the color. I know it's tricky in the mountains, Greg. So I'll move on to Mr. Rielly, if that's OK. John, the you were very early to lock in the hedges for this year, and it's obviously paying huge dividends at this point. But as you look into 2021, at the current strip price, it would still have you with a bit of a cash burn if you maintain the current level of spending. So can you walk us through what your flexibility is in the event that the current strip turned out to be right, obviously, we all hope it isn't. But where else do you are you able to do things around because the cash burn could be quite meaningful.
John Rielly: So let me first start with, you're right, we've got a great hedge position this year, and we'll continue to monitor the market as we go through the year, and we'll clearly look to put on hedges for 2021 as we get closer to the end of the year. Hopefully, price is way better, and then we can get hedges on. But let me then follow your question along, should prices stay lower. So everything we've done and the plans we put in place is set up for a two year low price scenario. With the term loan, with the hedges this year, with the reductions in capital that we've made this year. And if we were looking at strip prices going these prices, you said, going into next year, our production I mean, sorry, our capital spend should be flat to potentially down a little and it's due to with the one rig in the Bakken, as Greg mentioned, it's $740 million this year, go down to $300 million with the 1-rig program or somewhere around $300 million next year. And then obviously, it will be offset by some increase in Guyana capital spend. So one, looking for capital to remain flat, but we'll be looking at capital reductions, further capital reductions, further operating cost reductions as we move through this year and into 2021, especially if prices stay low. And then obviously, we do have the one rig. It's not something we want to do as you move into 2021. However, if prices did stay low, it's something that we could reduce down to 0, at least for a period of time and bring back on. As Greg had mentioned, we've spent a lot of time building up this lean manufacturing capability. So we really don't want to do that, but it's clearly a lever that we can look at as we move into 2021. So I think that's what we we are constantly looking for other things that we can do. But I also would tell you is the plans we put in place are set for this low price environment to get us all the way through 2021, without incurring any additional debt through the end of that year and then being in a place where phase two starts up right there in 2022, and we're getting an additional, say, 65,000 barrels of Brent-based oil from Liza Phase two. And the hope would be, by 2022, you're getting a bit better prices there. So we really have put this plan in place in everything we're doing, even though we're continuing to fine-tune and try to cut costs but to get us through this two year low price environment.
Doug Leggate: John, if I just may tag on very quickly to that. And it's maybe one for John Hess, actually. One of your peers this morning or last night, I should say, talked about their dividend and suspended their dividend. I think there's semantics between suspending and canceling because we know the cash flow capacity for Hess is about to inflect significantly higher. But in a scenario where we [indiscernible] extended period of depressed prices, is the dividend an option in terms of at least temporarily a source of incremental cash? How are you thinking about that? And I'll leave it there.
John Hess: Yes. Doug, I believe the company you're talking about is in a much different financial position than we are. So I wouldn't want to try to compare us to anybody else. But having said that, look, if oil prices are severely depressed for a long enough period of time, all options would be on the table. Having said that, we think we've taken the steps to put ourselves in a strong financial position, as John said, and we are committed to our dividend and certainly are not contemplating a cut in it at this time.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate the color. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Next in line is Devin McDermott, Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Devin McDermott: Hey, good morning. Thanks for taking the question. I wanted to ask the first one on the Bakken and clarifying some of the remarks, I think, Greg made during his opening remarks here, and that's on just the point at which you'd start to bring back activity in the Bakken. And Greg, I think you said that it was around $50 WTI, where you would begin to add from the current 1-rig cadence that you're at right now. I was wondering if you just would clarify if I heard that correctly. And then two, a bit more detail on how you think about the economics and decision-making behind beginning to increase CapEx to the extent we see higher prices in the future.
Greg Hill: Yes. So I switched phones. So hopefully, everybody can hear me much better. So yes, what we'd have to see is what we say is a strong stable $50 oil price before we'd add a rig back in the Bakken. And obviously, when we got to that point, we would decide at what pace and what cadence we would add those back. So we would similar to what we did last time during the downturn where we dropped down to two rigs, we slowly added those rigs back in order to maintain that lean manufacturing edge and not have our cost rate or whatever. So as John said in his opening remarks, that is one of our key strategies this year, is to be able to maintain that capability so that we can smoothly ramp the Bakken, hopefully in the future.
Devin McDermott: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. And my follow-up relates to the Bakken and all the rest of the portfolio. How should we think about the level of spending required to hold production flat. In the Bakken, how do you think about that activity level now going from the efficiency gains and overall cost deflation that you've seen? And then for the rest of the portfolio, ex Guyana, just an update on what that maintenance level of spending is.
John Hess: John, why don't you take that one?
Greg Hill: Yes, John?
John Rielly: Sure. So to get to, let's call it, the flat production level now at the lower, and it's somewhere around, let's say, call it, three rigs, and it will be right around that level. And you can always kind of, as a rule of thumb, put $200 million per rig. So you're talking about $600 million then maybe to get it back and keep it at a flat level where we're at right now. Once you go back to, say, four rigs, we could start to grow it from this level, again. And you saw the capability that we have in the Bakken in that first quarter to deliver when, obviously, weather was good, but just our operations just ran at a really high level. And so if you started going back to four rigs, you could begin to grow this again. But again, as Greg said, getting a solid $50 WTI price in place if we start putting it back, three rigs, we could sustainably hold the level, and then we can decide from there whether to grow.
Devin McDermott: Great. And the rest of the portfolio in terms of holding everything else flat? How should we think about that maintenance CapEx level of spending?
John Rielly: So let's just talk JDA and North Malay Basin first. Under normal operations there, we've always talked about somewhere with that $150 million to $200 million that can come in bunch as the capital because you're putting wellhead platforms there, but you can pretty much hold that flat at that 60,000 to 65,000 barrels a day for a number of years, basically out through the end of the PSCs with that type of capital levels. The GOM is the interesting one because, again, what we had been saying is we need to do some tieback wells over time, and we could hold it flat, let's say, for three to five years, if we were putting in these tieback wells like Esox, the successful Esox well, we could hold that Gulf of Mexico flat now in that 65,000-type level for a number of years. Now as Greg said on his opening remarks, we're not drilling in the Gulf of Mexico. We're not doing tieback wells, and we're not there's no plan for us right now in 2021 in this low price environment to put a tieback well in. So with the additions we've done this year, you won't get as much of a decline. Next year, you're still going to get some declines, you could get somewhere in I'm going to call an approximate 10% decline for the Gulf of Mexico going into 2021. And then if we don't put further wells in there, the Gulf of Mexico will continue to decline. So our original goal and we'll see when the prices get back to more appropriate levels is to get those tieback wells in. Greg mentioned, we have the exploration well. The Galapagos deep well that we're drilling a well that BP is drilling. We're a partner in. So we do have a very exciting Gulf of Mexico lease portfolio that we would like to get some exploration wells in over the next couple of years as prices get better. And then we do think we can grow the Gulf of Mexico production. And then Guyana you obviously know, we're going to be in a growth mode there. Phase two coming online early 2022, all on track for that. Then we've got the delay, six to 12 months delay in Payara. But as John Hess said in his remarks, growing at 750,000 barrels a day gross by 2026. So look, we've got a nice balance of the portfolio. So we're not just tied to the shale production. So obviously, we're reducing our rigs there, but we have the offsetting growth here coming in Guyana. And Southeast Asia can stay relatively flat with limited capital. And then the Gulf of Mexico will be a [indiscernible]. As we see prices improve, we'll get back to work there. Great.
Devin McDermott: All right, Thanks for taking the question.
Operator: Next question is from the line of Paul Cheng, Scotiabank. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Hi guys. I have a couple. First, clarification. For John Rielly that, the Guyana production number that you guys show in the press release, is that including the tax barrel gross up?
John Rielly: So Paul, I don't know if you remember, at the end of last year, we put up some deferred tax assets with the start of first production, essentially NOLs. So there were a lot of expenses incurred in Guyana. So we've built up this NOL here at the start. So there, we'll be utilizing that NOL and do not expect any gross up tax barrels in 2020.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And going forward, should we assume there's a gross up tax barrel? And at that time, are you going to provide a number that in both what is the adjusted net to you and what is the report?
John Rielly: Yes, yes. We will get that number. So and again, we'll be disclosing the current taxes that are there in Guyana, along with that revenue adjustment. And yes, that will be something that will be available, and you will be able to see and model.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And on the I have to apologize that the mechanic on the VLCC storage, so we're going to have the underlift in the second and third quarter. So we will assume that the entire six million barrels, based on the current plan, is going to be an overlift in the fourth quarter? That what's the price that we should assume? I'm trying to understand how we expect that. And also in the second and third quarter, you actually already have the cash coming in because of the settlement, right? So is that going to show up in the working capital? Or is going to show up in the other line?
John Rielly: Correct. So let me start with the hedges. The cash, we will be receiving the cash from there, and that will show up in the working capital line. Then in the fourth quarter, when it is recognized because we'll defer the gain on that, that's when it will then come back out of working capital at that point. And to your question, again, yes, it's right. So we will have the underlift in the second and third, and you should assume in the fourth quarter that we will have the overlift of the six million barrels coming in the fourth quarter. And just so you know also, just going through the accounting. In the second and third quarters, we will have all you will see the production cost and the DD&A associated with the production of the six million barrels, that will be there. Then what we do is put it into inventory on the balance sheet and put a credit through our marketing line. So you will get to see the actual costs associated with it. Then when we lift in the fourth quarter, we'll remove the inventory and the cost of those barrels will go through the marketing line, and that's when we pick up the revenue as well.
Paul Cheng: I see. Thank you.
John Rielly: You're welcome
Operator: Next is Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger Read: Yes. Thank you and good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Roger Read: Yes hopefully everybody. I just was curious if we could get into the impacts of the deferrals done in Guyana thinking, first off, the near-term issues would be deferrals on the rigs, how that affects kind of overall economics of the wells. And the June start date, how good does that look at this point? Is there something specific we're waiting to see that, that is a good day to use, or are we at risk of further delays there?
John Hess: Greg, why don't you grab that?
Greg Hill: So Roger, in my opening remarks, I talked about that's solely COVID-19 related that those rigs have been idled, and that's purely to do with crew changes. And so in order to protect those crews, they're quarantining people for 14 days. So if you kind of run through all the math on that, ExxonMobil made the decision really to hot stack. We are on track to get both of those rigs running again by June. So we're in good shape, no worries there. In terms of the wells, really no impact on the economics of the wells, right? I mean really what has been deferred is the start of Phase two drilling. And of course, the exploration that we want to get done as well. And so as we look forward now with four rigs going by June forward, there's really three objectives that we're trying to do. One is to finish the Phase one Yellowtail. Two is get two to three more exploration wells in the ground, including a couple that have tailed to go down and test the deeper or penetrate the deeper Santonian. And then the third objective is to continue drilling on Phase one and get started on Phase 2, producer drilling. So that's how the program is going to kind of layout between now and the end of the year.
Roger Read: Okay. Great. And then question, going back to the VLCC play here. I just want to make sure I understand what the ongoing risk reward is here? Or is everything, in the way you're thinking about the price realization when you actually physically deliver the barrels in the fourth quarter is already set? I guess what I'm trying is the volatility we've seen in the market, forward curve looks good today, but who knows when we get there, better or worse. And so I'm just trying to understand, again, are the barrels only weighing on physical delivery and the price is all set? Or are we still looking at additional price volatility as a reward or as a risk here?
John Hess: No, it's a great question. Basically, look at it this way. We have our oil hedged already in the $55 and $60 range that I talked about. You add the contango. It is Brent based, and you get an advantage uptick for TI, and this would be originally TI based. And then you take off the VLCC charter. And when you do that, the price is set and you're actually getting a value uptick because of moving it out of the United States where oil is locked up into a market that will take it. So it's really to deal with the physical risk and the financial risk has pretty much been laid off.
Roger Read: All right, great.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Arun Jayaram, JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram: Good morning. Team. John, I was wondering if you could provide maybe a little bit of perspective on where we're at in terms of the Guyana election and perhaps provide some details on how you and Exxon are adjusting your longer-term development exploration activities for a phase beyond pending governor's approvals, COVID-19. And specifically, I was wondering how is this impacting, how you're thinking about the [indiscernible] timing on the FPSOs as well as the longer-term thoughts versus exploration versus development spend?
John Hess: Yes. No. Thanks, Arun, for that question. In terms of Guyana, and the political landscape, the recount for the Guyana national election actually resumed yesterday. And United States and international observers have encouraged this process to go to completion. So it will reflect the will of the Guyanese people. And we expect a transparent election results in the weeks ahead. And at that time, when there is a new sitting government, a newly elected sitting government, we would assume the first, second and third priority for us in Exxon and CNOOC is to move the approval for the Payara development forward, working with the government. And so that pretty much explains the six to 12-month delay on Payara. And then a combination of the COVID-initiated delays in staffing the rigs has made us have a slowdown for a few months. But as Greg said, we should be going back to a 4-rig program in June. The first, second and third priority will be development wells, but then we'll start feathering in exploration wells and appraisal wells as well. So a temporary interruption, yes, but not a major one. And then we would move forward with our exploration and appraisal activities and development activities accordingly. On top of that, that six to 12-month delay in Payara will affect start-up of the fourth and fifth ship as we currently have it contemplated, such that we will have the we plan now on having the five ships and at least 750,000 barrels a day of oil production online in 2026 instead of 2025. So a delay, yes, but not a major one. And it certainly still is our top investment priority and the top priority for Exxon to move forward with the plans that we've outlined in the past, some minor delays but not major delays.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And just a quickie for Greg. You see a big size Bakken beat in 1Q. Could you just give us maybe the drivers of the beat relative to your guidance? I know weather was pretty benign, but maybe thoughts on weather as well as the well productivity that you saw in the quarter?
Greg Hill: Yes. So there was really two major things. One was the weather, which we had. So mother nature was kind to us in the first quarter, which is, as we all know, has a big impact sometimes in the Bakken. So we built some of that into our contingency, in our forecast for the first quarter. But even more important is the wells that we brought on in the fourth quarter just behaved really well. And so we had planned to convert those to rod pump during the first quarter. And in fact, we didn't need to because the wells still were flowing well through the first quarter. So we got a really nice production bump from the wells that were turned online in the fourth quarter, but also in the first quarter. So it was a combination of those two things that where they outperformed.
Arun Jayaram: Great, thanks for thank you.
Operator: We have our next question from Pavel Molchanov, Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking the question. Obviously, most of your CapEx cuts pertain to your domestic operations, and I suppose, Guyana as well. What about exploration? I'm particularly thinking Suriname, which was supposed to be kind of a late 2020 or early 2021 story. Have you changed any of the medium-term plans for beginning drilling there?
John Hess: Greg?
Greg Hill: Yes, sure. No, our plans are still to drill that well in 2021 in Suriname.
Pavel Molchanov: Got it. Okay. Is that contingent on level of commodity prices?
Greg Hill: No, I think that's the operator is in control of that and Kosmos, but the latest discussions we've had with them, we are still planning the well for 2021.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. I appreciate it guys.
Operator: Next in line is Brian Singer, Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning, Brian.
Brian Singer: On Guyana, looking beyond phase 2, I realized that there are some understandable delays and phase three cuts. I wonder if there's any benefit that you could see or are seeing on the cost front. Can you talk to the cost environment that you're seeing for sanctioning longer-term deepwater offshore projects and whether you see any adjustments to that just as a result of the environment that we're at?
John Hess: Yes. Greg, do you want to take that, please?
Greg Hill: Sure. Yes. So Brian, as you know, the majority of services have been contracted, certainly for Phase two and also Phase 3. Now later on in time, as you get into other phases, there could be depending on commodity prices, obviously, there could be concessions there. But a large part of the contracts are already under way for, certainly, the activity in Guyana that we're doing now. Now as I look across our portfolio and kind of what we're seeing and we're in the midst of this, working with all of our contract partners now, suppliers to adjust to the activity, but also keep continuity of the crews and brings more costs out, we're seeing kind of on the order of 10% to 15%, and that is both in the offshore and the onshore parts of our business. So I think that's a reasonable number because as you know, those companies were potentially already distressed. So they don't have as much to give maybe as they did in the last downturn. So 10% to 15% is what we're seeing.
Brian Singer: Great. And then my follow-up is with regards to the Malaysia annual gas demand. Highlighted some of the weakness that you're seeing here near term. Do you or do you get any sense as to whether there are secular impact here to demand and ultimately to production versus just these being cyclical on a sign of the current environment?
John Hess: Yes, we definitely think it's one-off, and we already see demand recovering. But John Rielly, you want to elaborate?
John Rielly: Sure. No. That's what we are seeing. Obviously, Malaysia, they had their shelter-in-place, they call that MCO, the movement control order. They actually did lift it a little earlier than the original plan. So again, we do see this from a cyclical just standpoint here, kind of one-off. So you see the Q2 number, we are forecasting at 35%, almost kind of equal production out of NMB and JDA. And then we have a slow ramp forecasted for the rest of the year. And again, we just going back to the uncertainty around COVID-19 and the resulting business activity. But we are seeing some green shoots here. So we just do think it's more of a one-off.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2019 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Liz, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on todays conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. Ill now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome everyone to our fourth quarter conference call. I will review our continued progress in executing our strategy. Then Greg Hill will discuss our operating performance, and then John Rielly will review our financial results. We had an outstanding year in terms of operational performance and continued execution of our long-term strategy, achieving a number of important milestones and delivering higher production and lower capital exploratory expenditures than our original guidance. With Guyana and the Bakken as our growth engines and Malaysia and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico as our cash engines, our portfolio is on track to deliver increasing and strong financial returns, visible and low risk production growth and industry leading cash flow growth. It is important to note that both Guyana and the Bakken will become significant cash generators over the next several years. As we have stated in our investor presentations, where we provide a financial outlook through 2025, our portfolio is positioned to generate approximately 20% compound annual cash flow growth and more than 10% compound annual production growth. And our portfolio breakeven is projected to decrease to below $40 per barrel Brent by 2025. As our free cash flow grows, we will prioritize return of capital to shareholders both in terms of dividends and opportunistic share repurchases. Another key element of our strategy is maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity position and managing risk. We ended the year with more than $1.5 billion in cash and cash equivalents on the balance sheet and have hedged 150,000 barrels of oil per day in 2020 using put options, with 130,000 barrels per day at $55 per barrel WTI and 20,000 barrels per day at $60 per barrel Brent. With outstanding execution throughout our portfolio, we were able to reduce our full year 2019 capital and exploratory expenditures to $2.74 billion, down approximately $150 million from our original guidance. We have kept our 2020 capital and exploratory budget to $3 billion in line with the guidance we provided at our December 2018 Investor Day. During the fourth quarter, we closed the previously announced transaction in which Hess Midstream converted to an Up-C corporate structure and acquired Hess Infrastructure Partners. As a result of the transaction, we received approximately $300 million in cash and own 47% of Hess Midstream. Turning to Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest in the Stabroek Block and ExxonMobil is the operator. 2019 was an outstanding year in terms of both exploration and developments. On December 20th, the Liza Phase 1 development achieved first production and is expected to reach its full capacity of 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day in the coming months. We recognize this pivotal moment in Guyanas history and are committed to working collaboratively with the government, our partners and the people of Guyana to build a safe and sustainable industry that fulfills the promise of shared prosperity. The Liza Unity floating production storage and offloading vessel or FPSO is under construction for the second phase of Liza development. It is expected to start production in Guyana by mid-2022 with a production capacity of 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. Front-end engineering design for a third FPSO, the prosperity is underway to develop the Payara field pending government approvals and project sanctioning. Production from Payara could start as early as 2023, reaching an estimated 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. From an exploration perspective, 2019 was a banner year with five new discoveries at Haimara, Tilapia, Yellowtail, Tripletail and Mako. On Monday, we announced an increase in the estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources for the Stabroek Block to more than 8 billion barrels of oil equivalent. We continue to see multi-billion barrels of exploration potential remaining. We also announced a significant oil discovery at Uaru marking the 16th discovery on the Stabroek Block. The Uaru discovery will be incremental to the new resources estimate. Turning to the Bakken, our largest operated asset. Our team had a very strong year. Full year net production in 2019 for the Bakken averaged 152,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, well above our original guidance range of 135,000 to 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and nearly 30% higher than 2018. Our Bakken performance showed the benefits of our successful transition to plug-and-perf completions. As a result, net oil production for 2019 was up 22% compared to 2018 and we are on track for Bakken production to average approximately 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2021. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, our successful oil discovery last quarter at Esox will be brought online next month as a low-cost tieback to the Tubular Bells production facilities. Hess is the operator and holds a 57.14% interest. Now turning to our 2019 financial results for the fourth quarter. Our adjusted net loss was $180 million compared to adjusted net loss of $77 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, primarily reflecting the effects of lower realized prices. Full year 2019 net production was 290,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, 17% higher than the pro forma 248,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day produced in 2018. In 2020 our net production is forecast to average between 330,000 and 335,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Bakken net production is forecast to average approximately 180,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2020. As we continue to execute our strategy, our board, our leadership team and each of our employees will be guided by our longstanding commitment to sustainability in terms of safety, protecting the environment and making a positive impact on the communities where we operate. We are gratified to have been recognized by a number of third-party organizations for the quality of our environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure, most recently achieving leadership status in CDPs Global Climate Analysis for the 11th consecutive year. In summary, we are proud of our 2019 performance and look forward to continuing this momentum into 2020 and future years, as we execute our differentiated long-term strategy. With increasing cash margins and production volumes, our cash flow through 2025 is projected to grow at a rate that outpaces our industry peers and most companies in the S&P 500. As our portfolio generates increasing cash flow, the majority will be deployed toward increased return of capital to our shareholders through dividend increases and opportunistic share repurchases. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. 2019 marked another year of exceptional performance and strategic execution. In particular, I would like to call out three major operational highlights from 2019. First, we beat our guidance for both production and for capital and exploratory expenditures. Our 2019 net production averaged 290,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which was above our original guidance of between 270,000 and 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and also above our more recent guidance of approximately 285,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. At the same time, our 2019 capital and exploratory expenditures were $2.74 billion, approximately $150 million below our original guidance. Second, we continued our extraordinary run of success on the 6.6 million acres Stabroek Block in Guyana with five discoveries with the start of production from the Liza Phase 1 development in December ahead of schedule and under budget, and with the sanction of the Liza Phase 2 development, which is on track for first oil by mid-2022. Third, in the Bakken we successfully completed our transition to plug-and-perf completions, while driving down drilling and completion costs. Our plug-and-perf transition has on average delivered a 15% uplift in IP180 production, at the same time, we reduced our drilling and completion costs from an average of approximately $7.5 million per well in the fourth quarter of 2018 to approximately $6.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2019. By the end of 2020, we expect our D&C costs will approach $6 million per well. Proved reserves at the end of 2019 stood at 1.197 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Net proved reserve additions and revisions in 2019 totaled 121 million barrels of oil equivalent, including negative net price revisions of 35 million barrels of oil equivalent, resulting in an overall 2019 production replacement ratio of 104%. The majority of the additions were in the Bakken and Guyana. Now turning to production. In the fourth quarter of 2019 company-wide net production averaged 316,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, above our guidance of approximately 300,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day driven by strong performance across the portfolio and in particular the Bakken. For the full year 2020, we forecast net production to average between 330,000 and 335,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which is a 15% increase from 2019. In the first quarter of 2020, we forecast net production to average between 320,000 and 325,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the Bakken fourth quarter net production averaged 174,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of approximately 38% above the year ago quarter and above our guidance of 165,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full year 2019, Bakken net production averaged 152,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day above our original guidance of between 135,000 and 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, and our most recent full year guidance of 150,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. These results reflect the strong performance of our plug-and-perf completions and the quality of our acreage position. For the full year 2020, we forecast Bakken net production to average approximately 180,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is approximately 18% higher than 2019. Our full year forecast reflects the impact of a 45 day planned shutdown of the Tioga Gas Plant in the third quarter. During the shutdown, we will perform a turnaround and tie in the planned expansion project, which will increase capacity from 250 million cubic feet per day to 400 million cubic feet per day. In 2020, we expect to drill approximately 170 wells and bring approximately 175 new wells online, compared with 160 wells drilled and 156 wells brought online in 2019. In the first quarter of 2020, we expect Bakken net production to average approximately 170,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our first quarter 2020 forecast reflects lower planned activity levels, due to seasonally difficult winter weather conditions, where we expect to bring online approximately 30 new wells compared with 59 in the fourth quarter of 2019. Net production will increase in the Bakken throughout the year, growing to approximately 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by the end of 2020. As discussed previously, we plan to drop our rig count from six rigs in 2020, four in 2021. At this level of activity, we expect to hold production relatively flat for at least five years and generate approximately $750 million of free cash flow annually, at $55 per barrel WTI. Moving to the offshore, in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production average 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 66,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full year 2019 in line with our guidance. Our focused exploration program in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico yielded an oil discovery in the fourth quarter at the Esox-1 well in Mississippi Canyon. A dual completion was successfully run and the subsea installation is underway, which will tieback to the Tubular Bells production facility. We expect to achieve first oil in February. Esox is a high return, cash generative tieback opportunity that was well executed. The timeframe from discovery to first oil is expected to be less than four months. In 2020, we forecast net production from our deepwater Gulf of Mexico assets to average approximately 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This includes extended planned maintenance shutdowns in the second quarter. At the Malaysia, Thailand joint development area in the Gulf of Thailand, where Hess has a 50% interest, net production averaged 36,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full year 2019. At the North Malay Basin, also in the Gulf of Thailand, where Hess is operator and has a 50% interest, net production averaged 28,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and for the full year 2019. Combined net production from our JDA and North Malay Basin assets is forecast to average approximately 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full year 2020. Turning to Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest in the Stabroek Block and ExxonMobil is the operator. In December, we announced a 15th discovery on the block at the Mako-1 well located approximately 6 miles southeast of the Liza field. Mako-1 drilled in 5,315 feet of water, encountered approximately 164 feet of high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoir. On Monday, we announced another significant oil discovery at Uaru, which is located approximately 10 miles northeast of the Liza field. Uaru-1 well drilled in 6,342 feet of water, encountered approximately 94 feet of high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoir. The well was drilled in a down-dip location on a large stratigraphic trap, further appraisal and testing is planned. Based on the 15 discoveries through year-end 2019, the estimate of growth discovered recoverable resources for the Stabroek Block has been increased to more than 8 billion barrels of oil equivalent, up for more than 5 billion barrels of oil equivalent only one year ago. The Uaru discovery is incremental to this new resource estimate. The continuing growth of the resource base on the block has been truly remarkable. Looking forward, after the Noble Tom Madden completes the evaluation of the Uaru discovery, the drillship will move to development drilling for Liza Phase 2. The Stena Carron is currently engaged on a well test at the Yellowtail discovery, after which it will drill and test the Yellowtail-2 appraisal well. After completing the evaluation program for Mako-1, the Noble Don Taylor next drill and test the Longtail-2 appraisal well. Finally, the Noble Bob Douglas will continue drilling development wells. As announced on Monday, the operator intends to bring in a fifth drillship later this year. We expect the first half of 2020 will be dominated by appraisal activities, primarily in the greater Turbot area. In the second half of the year, we plan to drill several new exploration wells, including some that will test the emerging deeper plays on the Stabroek Block. Turning now to our Guyana developments, on December 20, production commenced from the Liza Phase 1 development less than five years after the discovery of hydrocarbons and wellhead of the industry average for deepwater developments. The project also came in under budget and with the sanction of Liza Phase 1 was budgeted at $4.4 billion gross, including the purchase of the FPSO. We now expect the gross cost for the development to be approximately $3.5 billion or 21% below the sanction estimate. Liza Phase 1 production continues to ramp up. Current gross production is approximately 75,000 barrels of oil per day from three of the five producers available at start-up. Production is expected to reach the FPSO capacity of 120,000 barrels of oil per day in the coming month. For the full year 2020, we forecast our net production to average approximately 25,000 barrels of oil per day. The Liza Phase 2 development is progressing to plan. On January 13, the hole for the Liza Unity FPSO, which will have a capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day arrived at the Keppel yard in Singapore. Construction of all 13 deck modules is currently underway. Meanwhile, in Guyana, installation of subsea flow lines and equipment is underway and development drilling is expected to begin next month. We continue to forecast first oil by mid-2022. Pending government approvals and project sanctioning, a third development at Payara is planned to utilize an FPSO with a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day with first oil as early as 2023. Together with Hammerhead, discoveries on the southeast portion of the block including Turbot, Yellowtail, Longtail, Pluma, Tilapia and Tripletail will underpin future FPSOs. In closing, our execution continues to be strong. The Bakken is on a capital efficient growth trajectory. Our offshore assets and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Malaysia continue to generate significant free cash flow, and Guyana continues to get bigger and better, all of which positions us to deliver industry leading returns, material free cash flow generation, and significant shareholder value. Ill now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the fourth quarter of 2019 to the third quarter of 2019. We incurred a net loss of $222 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, compared to a net loss of $212 million in the third quarter of 2019. On an adjusted basis, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, we incurred a net loss of $180 million in the fourth quarter of 2019 compared to a net of $105 million in the previous quarter. For E&P, on an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $124 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, compared to a net loss of $41 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the fourth quarter and third quarter of 2019 were as follows: higher exploration costs reduced results by $56 million; lower realized selling prices reduced results by $13 million; all other items reduced results by $14 million for an overall reduction in fourth quarter results of $83 million. For Midstream, on an adjusted basis, the Midstream segment had net income of $49 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, compared to $39 million in the previous quarter, reflecting higher throughput volumes. Midstream EBITDA, on an adjusted basis and before non-controlling interest, amounted to $157 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, compared to $134 million in the previous quarter. For corporate, on an adjusted basis, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $105 million in the fourth quarter of 2019, compared to $103 million in the previous quarter.  Now turning to our financial position, at quarter-end, excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $1.540 billion and total liquidity was $5.4 billion including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $5.640 billion. In December 2019, Hess Midstream completed its previously announced acquisition of Hess Infrastructure Partners with a conversion to an Up-C corporate structure and incentive distribution rights simplification. As consideration for the transaction, we received additional shares and approximately $300 million in cash. We now own approximately 134 million shares of Hess Midstream or approximately 47%. In the fourth quarter of 2019, net cash provided from operating activities was $286 million or $550 million before changes in working capital and items affecting comparability. While cash outlays for capital expenditures were $825 million in the fourth quarter. Changes in working capital reduce cash flows from operating activities by $234 million in the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting premiums paid for crude oil hedging contracts. For calendar year 2020, our crude oil hedge positions consist of WTI put options with a notional amount of 130,000 barrels of oil per day that have an average monthly floor price of $55 per barrel and Brent put options with a notional amount of 20,000 barrels of oil per day that have an average monthly floor price of $60 per barrel. Now turning to guidance, first for exploration and production, we project E&P cash costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $11.50 to $12.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and for the full year 2020. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $16.50 to $17.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and for the full year 2020. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $28 to $30 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and for the full year 2020. As guided earlier, capital and exploratory expenditures in 2020 are expected to be $3 billion. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million in the first quarter with full year 2020 guidance expected to be in the range of $210 million to $220 million. The Midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $225 million to $235 million in the first quarter, with full year 2020 guidance expected to be in the range of $940 million to $965 million. E&P tax expense, excluding Libya, is expected to be in the range of $15 million to $20 million for the first quarter and in the range of $80 million to $90 million for the full year 2020. As highlighted earlier, we have purchased crude oil hedge positions for calendar year 2020. We expect non-cash option premium amortization, which will be reflected in our realized selling prices to reduce our results by approximately $70 million per quarter. Now turning to Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $45 million to $55 million in the first quarter and full year 2020 guidance is expected to be in the range of $205 million to $215 million. For corporate, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million in the first quarter and full year 2020 guidance is expected to be in the range of $115 million to $125 million. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $85 million to $90 million for the first quarter, with the full year 2020 guidance expected to be $350 million to $360 million. The increase from 2019 is due to ceasing interest capitalization at the Liza field, which commenced production in December 2019. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Guys, it looks like the market doesnt like the guidance too much. So I wonder if we could talk a little bit about the cadence of whats going on with downtime through the course of the year. Greg, you touched on Tioga. But I want  obviously, youve given us a first quarter run rate for the Bakken. But can you kind of walk us through how that progress is through the year, because clearly 174,000 in fourth quarter and 180,000 average for the full year looks a little soft and maybe touch on the Gulf of Mexico planned downtime as well?
Greg Hill: Yes. Thanks, Doug. So as we mentioned, we do have the turnaround at Tioga gas plant. Its going to be about 45 days. And were going to turn it around and also tie in the gas plant expansion as we mentioned. Now thats not going to have much impact, if any on oil. Its going to be primarily gas. And the net effect of that is about 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. If I turned it
Doug Leggate: For the year, Greg, or for the quarter?
Greg Hill: Yes, for the year.
Doug Leggate: For the year.
Greg Hill: Thanks, Doug. And then if I turned to the Gulf of Mexico, we have two major shutdowns in the second quarter, one at Conger and one at Llano, both of which are down for 30 days. We also have Penn State down for about eight days in the second quarter. So the net impact of that on the quarter is about 13,000 barrels a day.
Doug Leggate: Okay. That starts to make a bit more sense, and I appreciate the emphasis that oil doesnt gets hit. Thank you for that. My follow-up is, so not to be too predictable, its obviously on Guyana. And I know we have the Exxon Analyst Day on March 5, so to the extent you can share. It seems that the appraisal activity focus around Turbot is probably, Im guessing, is to define what the scale of that development is going to look like over time. And youve previously defined that as a major development hub, but we also know that Hammerhead has been passed to the development team for Exxon. So Im just wondering if you can kind of walk us through your current thought on the timing over the scale of that 2025 run rate, and John Rielly, how does that impact the 2018 guidance, you gave us over run rate $3 billion capital program? And Ill leave it there. Thanks.
Greg Hill: Yes, thanks Doug. I think, as weve spoken before, youre right, I mean Hammerhead has been passed off to the development team that notionally right now is about 140,000 barrels of oil capacity, kind of vessel. And then as you mentioned, all of the appraisal activities that are ongoing really what I call on the eastern seaboard between Turbot and Liza are really trying to understand, how many vessels will it take to evacuate all of that oil, which is substantial along that eastern seaboard. So clearly, vessel 5 is going to be in that area and probably several vessels after that, but were trying to figure all that out. How many vessels will it take? And obviously, the fifth vessel will be a large one. Itll be in the 220,000 class, like the others are. But specific timing of the number of vessels and timing of the ones after five, thats really what were working on. And thats kind of the heavy lift for this year, Doug, to really understand that.
John Rielly: And then, Doug, as far as our capital program is, as we laid out on our Investor Day, we had $3 billion this year. We do have, if you see from the Investor Day, a little bit more next year as we move on with these developments. And then as weve talked about as an approximate $3 billion, and right now theres no change to that number. Weve got a nice cadence going to Exxon, as an aside, has been doing a fantastic job on the execution of Phase 1. And now Phase 2 is the execution is going along well. And so its  theyre doing a great job for Guyana and for the partners. So what were seeing from our capital program is that, that $3 billion is a good number right now. As Greg said, were unsure of FPSOs beyond the five and well see that. But again, that will be much later in the profile of our timing of free cash flow, because as you remember, once Phase 2 comes on, its a big inflection point for us from a free cash flow standpoint. So any FPSOs would be at six, seven or something beyond that. Well be in a good period for us when were generating a lot of free cash flow.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate that guys and Ill see you in a couple of weeks. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Simmons Energy.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks. Maybe one follow-up initially on Guyana. Can you talk about on the upwards revision to the resource estimate to 8 billion barrels, was all that based on the inclusion of incremental discoveries since the last estimate? Or was there any component driven by upward revisions to estimates at prior discovery? Maybe just can you talk about the primary drivers of what you continue to see as a significant upward pressure on resource?
Greg Hill: No. I think the absolute grand majority of that was all new discoveries. So its just continuing to add to this extraordinary success rate, five in 2019 and already another one in 2020 with more to come.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks. And then maybe a follow-up in the Bakken. And then Bakken continues to exceed expectations in terms of productivity, and also impressive costs. Can you talk about some of the drivers of what youve seen in terms of the strong Bakken production? And maybe you highlighted Exxon targeted reductions of well cost for the Bakken in 2020. What are the drivers and what are you seeing there in terms of costs in the basin?
Greg Hill: Yes. So let me start with cost first. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, Im really proud of the team and their ability to drive costs down with lean manufacturing. So if you think about our journey in 2019, we started at $7.5 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, $7.3 million in Q1, $7 million in Q2, $6.7 million in Q3, and $6.5 million in Q4. So thats an amazing cost reduction over 12 months driven primarily by lean manufacturing, but also technology. And then as we look forward to next year, obviously that flattens out a bit part of lean manufacturing. But we still think well be at $6 million by the end of the year. The biggest driver on that is going to be, again, technology and lean. But we also are seeing some softness in the sand costs and also pressure pumping. So we built some of that into our cost estimates for next year. Regarding the productivity, really a function of where were drilling, but also the plug-and-perf coming in very well. So on average, our IP180 are up 15%, but if you look at certain areas of the field, particularly, in the southern part of the field, weve outperformed that 15% in those areas and those are very good prolific areas of the Bakken. And as we look forward to our 2020 program, again, its 175 wells be very similar, EURs kind of in the 1 to 1.2 range, IP180s in the 1.10 to 1.20 range. And the IRR is at 60%, well above 75%. So again, a very strong program in 2020.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks Greg. Very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Maybe just to follow-up on that Bakken question, and this may be premature, but given that youre continuing to see improvements as we think about holding flat at 200,000 a day, kind of end of this year onwards, any reason at this point? Or any optimism to think about that costing less, or maybe not taking quite four rigs as we go forward? Or do we just need to balance that as you kind of move from, as you mentioned the premium spots to maybe the next tier down thats incorporated in the outlet?
Greg Hill: Yes. I think its a balance as you said. So were pretty confident that we can hold it flat at the 200,000 range for at least five years and probably longer. And as you mentioned, as technology improvements to continue to occur, as costs potentially continue to come down, obviously that plateau be extended even longer. And I will mention that in our Tier 2 acreage, we are doing a lot of trials on proppant loading, on number of entry points on spacing. So we are not  were not decided yet in some of those areas exactly what thats going to be. So the assumption going forward is none of thats built-in. So Im very optimistic that that will get much better as we go forward as we learn in those areas.
Roger Read: Yes. It certainly has not been a static environment so far, right? One other question and its got two parts, I apologize for doing it that way, but its some of the pushback weve gotten post results here. One is the hedging programs. So Ill just kind of put the question up to you of why hedge? The second part is, we did see debt go up in the quarter. It looks like mostly that was to take care of the Midstream side of things. But I was wondering if you could clarify on those two points for us.
John Rielly: Sure, Roger, and only do the second one first, its quick to debt. That went up was related to Midstream and the completion of the transaction that we spoke about, the acquisition of Hess Infrastructure Partners and the conversion to the Up-C that was the debt. So its just purely Midstream debt. That is non-recourse to Hess. As far as the hedging, Roger, the price we have that, from our Investor Day there, with Bakken getting up to 200,000 barrels a day and bringing on Phase 2. So what we do is, we look at it year-by-year and we put these hedges on for insurance just to ensure that we can fund that investment program because of the returns of that program will drive for us. So were getting closer and closer. Phase 2, right, is mid-2022. We just want to finish this Guyana program, executed, continue to execute that. And as Greg say, continue to execute our six rig program, which will drop the four rigs the following year. And so we just put hedges on for insurance purposes and hopefully we dont use them.
Roger Read: I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Hi, good morning, everyone. I guess my two questions are on CapEx and Guyana. The first one is, it looks like total E&P CapEx for the quarter came in a little bit higher than expected and I believe some of that might be related to Guyana. So can you provide any color on that and any implications for Phase 2 that it may imply?
John Rielly: It did come in for the quarter, very small amount. Again, we just went out with an approximately $850 million, came in at $876 million. As Greg mentioned, with the Bakken, we did get a little bit more completions in Bakken. And so a little bit is in the Bakken, a little bit of it is an acceleration in Guyana, and the rest of it is kind of just through the portfolio, really small numbers. Again, we were just given approximate amounts. So theres no implication on that going forward. We had the $3 billion capital that we set. We are going up approximately $300 million in Guyana next year versus 2019. And again, we laid that out for the continuation of Phase 1, $400 million for Phase 2, and then the rest of it for Phase 3 and future developments.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thats really helpful. Thank you for that. My second question on Guyana, can you comment on any of the recent news headlines about the potential for contract renegotiation?
John Hess: Yes. Most of the news that you hear is not from reliable sources, neither the current government or opposition government. I think they both have been pretty clear that theyre going to honor the PSC. So I think thats the real takeaway you should have.
Jeanine Wai: Okay, great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Deckelbaum with Cowen.
David Deckelbaum: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I just wanted to ask you, you talked about having the first tanker loading attributed to Hess or allocated that has in March with 1 million barrels. How do you see the listings or tanker loadings progressing throughout the year? Should we always be thinking about the same sort of capacity and what kind of cadence are you expecting throughout the year?
John Rielly: So the cadence can move around a little bit from that on how they get allocated. But here theres a general rule of thumb, it will be 1 million barrels each lift. And for us, as you heard, Greg gave the guidance on Guyana, that its 25,000 barrels a day for the year. If you multiply that by 365, youre getting just about 9 million, little over 9 million barrels. So we expect just from a forecast standpoint to have nine lifts this year. I cant exactly be specific, which quarters that we come in our first lift, youre right, is expected in early March.
David Deckelbaum: Okay. I appreciate that. But it does sound like your net sales amount as approximating your production guidance for the year. So thats incorrect.
John Rielly: That is correct. Quarter-by-quarter, you could get some under over lifts, but right. For the full year, it  the sales should approximate the production amount.
David Deckelbaum: Got it. And then just to revisit some in the Bakken guidance, I know that its difficult to forecast with lumpiness around the quarters. But the expectation is that youd be exiting 2020 at approximately that 200 equivalent target?
Greg Hill: Yes. Yes, well achieve that sometime in the fourth quarter.
David Deckelbaum: Okay. And then the  in the third quarter with the Tioga turnaround and expansion, how is it that oil volumes are not impacted there from a logistical perspective?
Greg Hill: Well, again, there are separate systems, right? So you can  the gas is separated on the pad from the oil and it goes through a separate system. So you can still produce the oil, but obviously that gas goes through the plant, so thats where the impacts going to be. So well do some local flaring on the pads and some flaring at the gas plant as well during that 45 day shutdown. But the oil will largely stay on.
David Deckelbaum: Okay. But I guess as a total program, youd still be under the regulations for flaring at the state level?
Greg Hill: Yes. Yes, there will be some restrictions that well have to deal with. But of course, you can get some dispensation for things like turnarounds, et cetera.
David Deckelbaum: I appreciate the color on that. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hall with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
Michael Hall: Thanks. Good morning. Im just curious a little bit of an accounting question. I guess, on the Guyana volumes the 25,000 a day, does that include costs barrel recoveries? If so, how much, if not, how should we think about that for 2020?
John Rielly: It does include that. Its just part of the normal production sharing contract that cost recovery barrels are included as part of our production and the partners production.
Michael Hall: And do you have an estimate of how much of that is cost recovery by chance?
John Rielly: I could walk you maybe through a little bit more detail after the call, but the contract that is out there that you can see, but the way it basically works is on the revenue, then 75% of the revenue goes for cost recovery for the contractors. So thats how you can factor in. Then you go into profit share after that.
Michael Hall: Okay. Yes. Just want to make sure were calibrating right. And then, I was curious, I guess the Gulf of Mexico, the capital on the 2020 plan. I think we backed into around $350 million or so relative to 2018 Analyst Day you talked about annual average capital of $150 million to sustain 65 MBOE a day. So Im just trying to line those two things up and should we be  how do we reconcile those two things?
John Rielly: I just want to make sure that we are on the same page with the numbers. So in our release that we went out for 2020, the Gulf of Mexico capital will be approximately $135 million for this year. Thats were spending from a production aspect of it. Last year we did have a higher amount, it was approximately $290 million. And that is because we were running full year, we had two rigs running for Stampede, which will be coming off contract here basically in the second quarter. So theres lower Gulf of Mexico spend. And so as you know, we will be tying in Esox, which again helps and keeps us at that 65,000 barrels a day, that weve talked about.
Greg Hill: And then, as we did mention, going forward, you can expect about $150 million to $200 million of CapEx per annum for infill and tie-back wells. And this is our objective in the short-term to medium-term to maintain the Gulf at about 65,000 barrels a day. And weve been very successful doing that. If you look at Conger-10, that was about 6,000 barrels a day. Penn State-6, about 14,000 barrels a day, Llano-5, about 8,000 and Esox is anticipated to be a very good well. We see four to six more things that wed like to drill in the next couple of years and our expectation of keeping those hubs full. Then beyond that, of course itll be greenfield. So well drill a greenfield expiration well probably one a year on average over the next several years. Again, trying to maintain that production or potentially even growing it with the new hub.
Michael Hall: Okay. Yes, I guess  thats helpful. I guess, maybe make sure Im thinking about the numbers right here. I was trying to connect $1.73 billion of total U.S. capital per the release with the $1.375 billion in the Bakken and the remainder being in the Gulf of Mexico. Im assuming some of that being for exploration. So I guess, whats being spent in the U.S. outside of the Bakken and the Gulf of Mexico if anything? And how would you break out the $1.73 billion between the Bakken and the Gulf of Mexico?
John Rielly: So lets  so you have $1.730 billion, youre saying in the U.S. right? So you have $1.730 billion back out the Bakken, which is $1.375 billion, right, in production. And youre going to back out $1.35 billion for the Gulf of Mexico, right. So then the rest of that amount is in exploration. That can be wells being drilled or seismic being spent. So that approximate $200 million that you have left relates to exploration.
Michael Hall: Sure. Okay. And that exploration is all in the Gulf?
John Rielly: In the Gulf, correct. At U.S. piece, correct.
Michael Hall: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotiabank.
Paul Cheng: Hey guys. Good morning. I apologize that I joined late. So if my questions have already been answered, just let me know. So I would just look at the transcript. John, I think two quick questions for you. On the accounting, the hedging premium amortization, the $70 million a quarter, is that pretax and after? And also from an accounting standpoint it seems in Guyana, you have the government willing to pickup the income. So when you guys reported, are you going to report that the corresponding tax as it grows up and then that you report it also with the tax or that you just dont report any tax at all. How is the accounting treatment going to be?
John Rielly: Okay. So first on the hedges, it is pretax and post-tax. So that will be the same amount, because we have a valuation allowance against our net operating losses in the U.S. So that will be the same number. In Guyana, we do pay taxes. Its in the entitlement of our contract. So the taxes are embedded in our entitlement, effectively reducing our entitlement. And therefore, what we do then with our entitlement for financial reporting purposes is disaggregate that, and then show the tax and gross it up from relating to that. I can walk you through that more after the call, but that is how we are doing it.
Paul Cheng: Yes. Because I think thats how Apache have done in Egypt. I just wanted to make sure that thats the same methodology because thats how we modeling right now.
John Rielly: Yes. That is how were working. Happy to discuss that further, we can do that.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And Greg, when Im looking at your production guidance that seems conservative. Is there any area that maybe we have a bit of more of the upside?
Greg Hill: I think you probably miss the  you probably missed the start of the call where we kind of went through the shutdowns. Again, Tioga Gas Plant down 45 days and then a heavy maintenance buried in the Gulf of Mexico where we have two of our big assets down 30 days in the second quarter. So thats really kind of what reduced our normal capacity of our production with those two shutdowns.
Paul Cheng: Okay. I will read the transcript. And then the final one, have you guys booked any additional reserve related to the Liza 1 last year?
John Rielly: We booked a minor amount for the wells that we were drilled here. Again, rule of thumbs, Paul probably weve got a third of the reserves on the books right now for Phase 1. And then as we get the dynamic data, see how the injection goes, well begin to pick up additional reserves.
Paul Cheng: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov: Guys, thanks for taking the question. So this year after about five years, you will begin to drill on a brand new exploration block Indiana. And given your experience on Stabroek, Im curious, what kind of expectations should we be thinking about in terms of pre-drill estimates and the geology of this new acreage that you are going to be getting underway?
Greg Hill: No. I think youre referring to the Kaieteur Block, which is outboard of Stabroek, which we have a 15% interest in Exxon, the operator. See very similar play types that exist on the Liza block around the Stabroek Block. And in fact, well split our first well a well called Tanager this year on that block, so stay tuned.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. All right, fair enough. And a question about Hess Midstream. So now that the Bakken is very close to it, if its not reaching plateau. Whats going to be the dropdown model for the MLP if the underlying production is essentially flat-lining?
Greg Hill: So for Hess Midstream now, its not an MLP and all the assets in North Dakota have been acquired by the Midstream, because we completed that transaction in the fourth quarter. So they now have all the gathering facility there and the Tioga Gas Plant. So from the old dropdown model that wont be happening going forward. So what you do have here is this growth that we have. So in the Bakken, obviously, were going from 180,000 to 200,000 barrels a day, theyre going to pick up that growth, the Hess Midstream picking up that. Then as you know, the flaring regulations get tighter and tighter as we move on in North Dakota. And so what Hess Midstream is doing now is theyve completed the LM4 plant and so picked up additional gas processing capacity there. Were doing the expansion of the Tioga Gas Plant. And so thats going up to 400 million cubic feet a day and it is looking to pick up third-party business as these flaring regulations get tighter and tighter and we are in a good infrastructure position in a good position to pick up that. So theres a lot of growth going from there and theyll look for other opportunities up there in North Dakota.
Pavel Molchanov: All right. Appreciate it guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning. Can you talk about the benefits and risks in Guyana, co-development of FPSOs and how discussions and plans with the operator are evolving, if at all? As you ramp up the first FPSO and you gain greater insight into the reservoir and processes. How on the table is this when you look out to FPSO three, four, five or beyond?
Greg Hill: No. I think, Brian, the current strategy, which we agree with is, the design one, build many, because you can get such leverage of learnings as you go from vessel one to two to three, right? Now, what is likely going to happen is the timeframe between those vessels will begin to collapse. So from a cadence of maybe one a year, maybe becomes every nine months or potentially even every six months, as you get out in time. Thats what those synergies will do for you. So thats what we really see. We dont really see doubling or tripling up because thats very inefficient. But rather design one, build many that continue to collapse the timeframe based on efficiencies.
John Hess: Yes. And just to embellish on that. Its really a phased approach to be capital efficient. ExxonMobil has done a great job of optimizing the development, lowering the costs, the learnings from ship one, help us in ship two and that will continue in ship three. So were really looking at a phased approach, but as Greg said, maybe with more compression of the timeframe. I just want to remind everyone, the 8 billion barrels of oil equivalent we talked about, weve had 16 successes. So its basically a 500 million per discovery. And thats world-class and its got very low cost, very high returns. And ExxonMobil is doing a great job moving the project forward.
Brian Singer: Great. Thanks. And then John, in your opening comments, you talked about cash flow overtime going to dividend increases and opportunistic share repurchase. Is there any change in the timing of when you would expect to consider that? Is that still when you get more indifferent cash flow mode post or with the startup of Phase 2 in Guyana? Or is that something that we could see earlier or later than that?
John Rielly: No, I would say right now stick with our guidance that its going to be timed with Phase 2 coming online. Again that is the big inflection point for us from a free cash flow and earnings standpoint.
John Hess: And the priority would be on increasing the dividend as the first call.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vin Lovaglio with Mizuho Securities. Mr. Lovaglio, your phone may be on mute.
Paul Sankey: Hello? Hi. Sorry, its Paul Sankey here. Can you hear me?
John Hess: Yes, we can hear you Paul.
Paul Sankey: Sorry about that. I got myself on mute. Guys you put out a note on the ESG and oil and gas, and you attested very, very well in terms of certainly your disclosures. Can you talk a little bit about some of the areas where you think you can still get better? And Im specifically thinking about flaring. And beyond that could you talk about the impact of Guyana and how that will change some of the metrics that you do such a great job of disclosing? Thanks.
John Hess: Thank you, Paul. Obviously, ESG sustainability is core value for the company. Weve been doing a sustainability report for 22 years. Were honored and proud to be an industry leader. We want to make sure we continue that leadership role. As we look at our flaring, lets say in the Bakken, were ahead of the state limits and we have a program in place to continue that. And were looking at updating our sustainability efforts in terms of the environment. And well be coming out with some new targets within the year for the next five years. So thats a work in progress. But we always want to stay ahead of the regulations. And in terms of Guyana, the gas is basically reinjected. Again, ExxonMobil does a great job, minimizing the flaring in startup, et cetera. But the majority of gas is reinjected, so theres really not an issue there. And one of the things were going to be looking at in Guyana is how can we help the country going forward in social responsibility, which is something thats very important to our company and our board and every employee.
Paul Sankey: Got it. John, thanks very much for that. And then a follow-up on the previous hedging question, totally different subject. How do you expect that hedging program that has sort of changed around a little bit overtime? I wonder how you expect Guyana to affect that going forward and whether or not you will have a different hedging strategy, lets say in perhaps five years time? Thanks.
John Rielly: Sure. I mean, we do look at it, Paul, year-to-year and make our decisions on our hedging requirements. And right now, obviously with the investment still going in for Guyana until we get to that Phase 2, we wanted to put a significant amount insurance on to ensure we fund that. As we move forward and we get to more free cash flow, well still be, obviously have a heavy oil portion in our portfolio. Well make those decisions year-to-year and we could make some different decisions at that point in time.
Paul Sankey: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the third quarter 2019 Hess Corporation conference call. My name is Andrew and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you Andrew. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. Now, as usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer, Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you Jay. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will provide a strategy update, then Greg Hill will discuss our operating performance and John Riley will review our financial results. We continued to execute our strategy of disciplined capital allocation, focusing only on low-cost, high-return opportunities. We had another strong quarter, delivering higher production and lower capital and exploratory expenditures than our previous guidance. Our portfolio with Guyana and the Bakken as our growth engines and Malaysia and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico as our cash engines is on track to deliver industry-leading performance in terms of financial returns, cash flow growth and a portfolio breakeven below $40 per barrel Brent by 2025. A key part of our strategy is maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. With $1.9 billion of cash on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter, we are in a strong financial position to fund our high-return growth projects across a range of prices. As a result of strong execution throughout the portfolio, we have reduced our full-year 2019 capital and exploratory expenditures guidance by further $100 million to $2.7 billion. Earlier this month, Hess Midstream Partners announced plans to convert to an Up-C structure and acquire Hess Infrastructure Partners, including its oil and gas midstream interests, water services business, outstanding economic general partner interest and incentive distribution rights in Hess Midstream Partners. Upon completion of this transaction, which is expected in the fourth quarter, Hess Corporation will receive approximately $275 million in cash and will own approximately $134 million units or 47% of the new Hess Midstream consolidated entity valued net to Hess at approximately $2.85 billion as of last night's close. Cash proceeds will be used to fund our world-class investments in Guyana and the Bakken where we plan to invest more than 75% of our capital expenditures over the next five years. Turning to Guyana. On the Stabroek Block where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator, gross discovered recoverable resources are estimated at more than six billion barrels of oil equivalent with multibillion barrels of future exploration potential remaining. In September, we announced a 1fourth discovery on the Block at the Tripletail-1 well located in the Turbot area approximately three miles northeast of the Longtail discovery. The well encountered approximately 108 feet of a high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoir. Subsequently, additional hydrocarbon bearing reservoirs have been encountered below the previously announced Tripletail discovery. Tripletail is still under evaluation and will further underpin the Turbot area as a major development hub. During the quarter, drilling and appraisal activities were completed at Hammerhead with encouraging results, including a successful drill stem test. These results are being evaluated for potential future development. Also, drilling and evaluation activities continue on the Ranger 2 well with the objective of appraising the Ranger oil discovery. In terms of our developments, the Liza Phase 1 development is now targeted to start up in December and will produce up to 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day utilizing the Liza Destiny floating production storage and offloading vessel or FPSO, which arrived in Guyana on August 29. The Liza Phase 2 development is also progressing to plan and will use a second FPSO, the Liza Unity with a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day. First oil is expected by mid-2022. Planning is underway for a third development at Payara, which will use an FPSO with gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day and first production from Payara is expected in 2023. We are also seeing positive results from our focused exploration program in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, where we have acquired 60 blocks over the past five years for approximately $120 million to pursue high-return infrastructure led and hub class prospects. Yesterday, we announced the successful oil discovery at the Esox-1 exploration well in Mississippi Canyon, which encountered approximately 191 feet of net pay in the high-quality oil-bearing Miocene reservoir. Hess is the operator and holds a 57.14% interest. We expect to commence production in the first quarter of 2020. Esox will be a low cost tieback to the Tubular Bells production facilities and is expected to generate strong financial returns. We also plan to spud the Oldfield well by the end of the year. Kosmos is the operator and Hess has a 60% interest in this prospect, which is located approximately six miles east of the Esox-1 well. Moving to the Bakken. Our transition to plug and perf completions has been very successful and we are seeing the expected uplift in initial production rates, in estimated ultimate recovery and most importantly in value. Net production in the Bakken is on track to reach approximately 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2021. We then plan to reduce our current six rig program to four rigs, which will enable us to maintain production of approximately 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, resulting in material free cash flow generation across the range of prices. Now, turning to our financial results. In the third quarter, we posted a net loss of $205 million or $0.68 per share, compared to a net loss of $42 million or $0.18 per share in the year ago quarter. On an adjusted basis, we posted a net loss of $98 million or $0.32 per share, compared with adjusted net income of $29 million or $0.06 per share in the third quarter of 2018. Compared to our third quarter 2018, our financial results primarily reflect lower realized selling prices, which were partially offset by reduced exploration expenses. Third quarter net production averaged 290,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, up from 279,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year ago quarter. For the full year 2019, we are raising our guidance for net production to approximately 285,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, up from our previous guidance range of 275,000 to 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Third quarter net production in the Bakken averaged 163,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 38% from 118,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day a year ago. For the full year 2019, we are raising our guidance for the Bakken net production to approximately 150,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from our previous guidance range of 140,000 to 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In summary, our strategy of disciplined capital allocation and a focused portfolio of assets is achieving positive results and uniquely positions our company to deliver increasing and strong financial returns, visible and low risk production growth and significant free cash flow. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks John. I would like to provide an update on our progress in 2019 as we continue to execute our strategy, starting with production. In the third quarter, net production averaged 290,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which was above our guidance range for the quarter of 270,000 to 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Based on this strong year-to-date performance, we are increasing our full year 2019 net production guidance, excluding Libya, to approximately 285,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to our previous guidance range of 275,000 to 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We expect fourth quarter production to average approximately 300,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day on the same basis. In the Bakken, third quarter net production averaged 163,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, significantly above our guidance range of 145,000 to 150,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and nearly 40% higher than the year ago quarter. Compared to the second quarter, net oil production was up by 12% as a result of continuing strong performance from our plug and perf completions. Natural gas and NGL volumes were also higher in the third quarter as a result of increased gas capture from the startup of the Little Missouri 4 gas plant in late July and the decline in NGL prices during the quarter, which increased our entitlement from gas processing contracts operating under percentage of proceeds agreements in the Bakken. During the third quarter, we brought 33 new wells online and over the fourth quarter, we now expect to bring online between 55 and 60 new wells. For the full year 2019, we expect to bring online approximately 155 new wells, which is slightly below our original guidance of 160 wells, primarily due to weather related issues earlier this year. For full year 2019, with stronger well performance more than offsetting fewer new wells coming online, we now forecast Bakken net production will average approximately 150,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to our previous guidance range of 140,000 to 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the fourth quarter, Bakken production is expected to average approximately 165,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This modest increase from the third quarter reflects the back-end loaded completions program, contingency for winter weather and our expectation for seasonally higher NGL prices, which may reduce our entitlement from percentage of proceeds contracts. In the third quarter, our average drilling and completion costs were $6.7 million per well, down to 8% from $7.3 million in the first quarter. Through the continued application of lean manufacturing, we expect to achieve further cost reductions as we progress towards our targeted drilling and completion costs of $6 million per well. Overall, we remain firmly on track to deliver net production of 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2021 while continuing to drive down well costs. Now moving to the offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 59,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter, reflecting planned maintenance and downtime associated with Hurricane Barry in July, which reduced third quarter net production by approximately 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The gradual ramp-up of the Llano-5 well in which Hess has a 50% working interest has been underway since July when the well was first brought on production. The well is approaching its peak rate, with current production at approximately 8,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our infrastructure led exploration in the Gulf of Mexico is also proving successful. Yesterday, we announced an oil discovery at the Hess operated Esox-1 exploration well in which Hess holds a 57.14% interest. The well encountered approximately 191 feet of net pay in high-quality light oil bearing Miocene age reservoir. Planning is now underway to tie back to the well into an existing slot at the Tubular Bells production facility during the first quarter of 2020. We also plan to spud another infrastructure led exploration well by year end on the Oldfield prospect approximately six miles east of Esox-1 in which Cosmos is the operator and Hess has a 60% interest. Turning to Southeast Asia. Net production averaged 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter, reflecting the completion of a successful two week planned shutdown for maintenance activities at the joint development area. Now turning to Guyana, where exploration success on the Stabroek block continues and development activities are progressing to plan. Last month, we announced an oil discovery at the Tripletail-1 well located in the Turbot area approximately three miles northeast of Longtail discovery. Tripletail-1 is our fourth discovery in 2019 and brings the total number of discoveries on the block to-date to 14. The well was drilled in 6,572 feet of water and encountered approximately 108 feet of high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoir. Drilling operations and evaluation are ongoing with additional hydrocarbon-bearing reservoirs encountered below the previously announced discovery. Following completion of activities at Tripletail, the Noble Tom Madden drillship will next drill the Uaru-1 prospect located approximately 10 miles east of the Liza-1 well. Also on the block, the Stena Carron drillship is currently conducting well operations on the Ranger-2 appraisal well, which includes an extensive logging and quarrying program. Following Ranger-2, the rig will move to the previously announced Yellowtail-1 discovery to conduct a production test. A fourth drillship, the Noble Don Taylor is expected to arrive in Guyana in November and will drill the Mako-1 exploration well, located approximately six miles south of the Liza-1 well. Turning to our Guyana developments. The Liza Phase 1 project is now targeted to achieve first oil in December. The Liza Destiny FPSO with a gross production capacity of 120,000 barrels of oil per day arrived in Guyana on August 29. Drilling of the Liza Phase 1 development wells by the Noble Bob Douglas drillship is proceeding to plan and subsea installation is nearly complete. Liza Phase 2, sanctioned in May of this year, will utilize the Liza Unity FPSO, which will have a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day and will develop approximately 600 million barrels of oil. The hole is nearing completion and is expected to sail to the Keppel yard in Singapore by year-end where the topside modules will be installed and the vessel commissioned. Development drilling of Liza Phase 2 will commence in the first quarter of 2020 with first oil expected by mid-2022. Pending government approvals, a third development at Payara is planned to utilize an FPSO with a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day and is expected to achieve first oil in 2023. In closing, our execution continues to be strong. In 2019, we are on track to deliver higher production on lower capital and exploratory expenditures than previously guided. Our offshore cash engines continue to generate significant free cash flow. The Bakken is on a strong capital efficient growth trajectory. Our Gulf of Mexico exploration program is proving to be successful and Guyana continues to get bigger and better, all of which position us to deliver industry-leading returns, material free cash flow generation and significant shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the third quarter of 2019 to the second quarter of 2019. We incurred a net loss of $205 million in the third quarter of 2019, compared to a net loss of $6 million in the second quarter of 2019. On an adjusted basis, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, we incurred a net loss of $98 million in the third quarter of 2019, compared to a net loss of $28 million in the previous quarter. Turning to E&P. On an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $34 million in the third quarter of 2019, compared to net income of $46 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the third quarter and second quarter of 2019 were as follows. Higher sales volumes increased results by $63 million. Lower realized selling prices decreased results by $66 million. Higher DD&A expense decreased results by $48 million. Higher cash cost decreased results by $24 million. All other items decreased results by $5 million for an overall decrease in third quarter results of $80 million. Turning to midstream. The midstream segment had net income of $39 million in the third quarter of 2019, compared to $35 million in the second quarter of 2019. Midstream EBITDA before non-controlling interest amounted to $133 million in the third quarter of 2019, compared to $127 million in the previous quarter. Turning to corporate. On an adjusted basis, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $103 million in the third quarter of 2019, compared to $109 million in the previous quarter. Now to our financial position. At quarter-end, cash and cash equivalents were $1.9 billion excluding midstream and total liquidity was $5.7 billion including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $5.6 billion. As John Hess mentioned, we will receive approximately $275 million in cash upon completion of Hess Midstream Partners' acquisition of Hess Infrastructure Partners, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter of this year. In the third quarter of 2019, net cash provided from operating activities was $443 million or $543 million before changes in working capital and items affecting comparability. Cash expenditures for investing activities were $721 million in the third quarter. Now, turning to guidance, first for E&P. In the third quarter, our E&P cash costs were $12.13 per barrel of oil equivalent including Libya and $12.75 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya, which beat guidance on higher production than forecast. We project E&P cash cost, excluding Libya, in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $12.50 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent and full-year 2019 cash cost to be unchanged at $12.50 to $13 per barrel of oil equivalent. DD&A expense in the third quarter was $17.67 per barrel of oil equivalent including Libya and $18.79 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya. DD&A expense excluding Libya is forecast to be in the range of $17.50 to $18.50 per barrel of oil equivalent in the fourth quarter and $18 to $18.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year, which is at the lower end of previous guidance. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $30 to $32 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter and $30.50 to $31.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2019. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $70 million to $75 million in the fourth quarter with full year guidance expected to be in the range of $190 million to $195 million, which is down from previous guidance of $200 million to $210 million. The midstream tariff is projected to be approximately $250 million for the fourth quarter and full year guidance is expected to be approximately $725 million. The increase in fourth quarter tariff expense compared with the third quarter is due to an anticipated increase in midstream volumes during by increasing third-party throughput with the ramp up of the Little Missouri 4 gas processing plant in North Dakota. The E&P effective tax rate, excluding Libya, is expected to be an expense in the range of 0% to 4% for the fourth quarter and for the full year. Our crude oil hedge positions remain unchanged. We have 95,000 barrels of oil per day hedged for the remainder of 2019 with $60 WTI put option contracts. We expect non-cash option premium amortization to be approximately $29 million for the fourth quarter. Full year E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are now expected to be approximately $2.7 billion, down $100 million from previous guidance. The reduced spend reflects efficiencies across the portfolio but primarily in the Bakken, where we have reduced well costs and the number of wells expected to be completed for the year, while being on track to exceed our original production guidance for the year. For midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the midstream segment, excluding specials, to be approximately $55 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $165 million for the full year. For corporate, for the fourth quarter of 2019, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million, with full year guidance unchanged at $110 million to $115 million. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $75 million to $80 million for the fourth quarter with the full year guidance unchanged at $315 million to $320 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Devin McDermott, Morgan Stanley.
Devin McDermott: Good morning. Congrats on the strong results today.
John Hess: Thanks Devin.
Devin McDermott: So my first question is actually on the Bakken. And it's been one of the strong points in the portfolio each quarter so far this year, despite some of the weather headwinds. So it's a bit of a two-part question. The first one is, one of the areas of strength on production this quarter was on the higher gas and NGL volumes and you mentioned that part of that was the Little Missouri 4 plant startup and part of that was the POP contracts, some of which reverses into the fourth quarter. I was wondering just how you are thinking about with that reversal, the normalized oil mix going forward and as a rule of thumb on how we can think about the sensitivity around those POP contracts? And then the second part of the question is stepping back, as you think about this transition to plug and perf and how it's gone relative to the expectations, it seems like the results have been beating at least the guidance that you laid out at the Investor Day last year, particularly on cost side. So what opportunities have you found to drive down costs so far and what opportunities do you see going forward to further cut cost out of the system and improve returns there?
John Hess: Okay. Let me take your first question. So yes, you are right. This is a really good thing. The volumes in the third quarter due to higher midstream capture. So the first thing I want to say that is it's not a reservoir issue at all. There is no material change in the GOR at the wellhead. I think it's important to note that in the third quarter we had very strong oil production growth. So, it was 12% increase versus the Q2 level. So, the oil is doing great. And as you mentioned, the higher natural gas and NGL volumes amounted to about 7,000 barrels a day and that was due to two things. First of all, the increased capture from the Little Missouri 4 gas plant that came on in July. And then secondly, as you mentioned, the higher gas and NGL entitlement under our POP contracts. Now how those POP contracts are going to perform in the future is obviously going to be a function of NGL prices. Seasonally, in the fourth quarter, we lowered our expectations for those typically because NGL prices are higher with the weather. Now as we look forward, I think what we can say is that we expect that the Bakken oil percentage is going to average approximately 60%, low-60s on a go forward basis. Now, one other thing I will say is, if NGL prices stay low, there is a chance that it will actually be higher than the 200,000 barrels a day as a result of additional POP volume. So this is all a very good thing. Now, on your second question in terms of performance of the Bakken wells, you are right. Extremely pleased with the performance of the team, both not only on the productivity side. So the plug and perf is, on average, exactly on track with what we expected. The 15% uplift in IP180s, the 5% uplift in EURs, well on track for that. But the second thing I am really proud of the team on is their performance on the cost side. Recall, we started the first quarter of the year at $7.3 million a well. Second quarter, we came in at $7 million a well. And the third quarter, we came in at $6.7 million a well. Now all of that is lean manufacturing gains primarily. We are also doing some technology things where we ran some fiber-optic in the wells that allowed us to reduce our stage count and that also led to our lower well cost. Now we are marching our way towards the $6 million a well that we talked about at Investor Day and if we are successful in achieving that $6 million well cost, it's going to add a further $1 billion to the NPV of the Bakken. So we are well on track from a productivity standpoint and a well cost standpoint.
Devin McDermott: Great. So pretty impressive improvement there. And just one more, if I may, is actually on the Gulf of Mexico. And I think it's been a strong area of the portfolio that probably doesn't get as much attention as it may be should. And you mentioned you picked up 60 new blocks over the past few years there and we had the Esox discovery announced yesterday. And at a high level, how should we think about the Gulf of Mexico and the role of the portfolio going forward in terms of investment level, production profile and also the cadence of the exploration here over the next few quarters and into 2020?
John Hess: Yes. Sure. So obviously, it's a very important part of the portfolio, strong cash generation. We have outstanding capability there, not only in terms of exploration but also project delivery. So the way we think about the Gulf of Mexico is, think of it as being relatively flat at about 65,000 barrels a day over the next several years. And we are confident that we can keep it at that level really through a combination of high-value, short-cycle exploitation projects and infrastructure-led exploration. A couple of examples of that. Obviously the Llano-5 well, which we talked about in our opening remarks, still ramping but producing 8,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, net to us. And then in terms of ILX, the Esox-1 discovery, which we are very pleased with the outcome of the well, 191 feet of light oil-bearing high-quality Miocene reservoir, exceeding our pre-drill expectations. And the thing I would say about Esox is, this is not your typical tieback in terms of size. This is a significant discovery that's going to generate very high returns and cash flow, particularly since it's tied into that existing slot and will be brought online very quickly. So discovery to first oil is a matter of a few months. Now the evaluation of that well, the result is still ongoing. And we intend to provide further updates including a resource estimate, production rate, et cetera early next year after we have some dynamic production data. But I really wanted to highlight Esox, because I think it's a great example of what we think we can do in the Gulf in the short term and the next well up, which is similar to Esox is the Oilfield ILX well. Now beyond that, we will need a new hub to keep it flat or grow it. And as we have acquired those leases over the past five years that John mentioned in his opening remarks, we see some 25 leads and prospects in there. So we have got a fairly healthy inventory.
John Rielly: And you can assume it for capital planning purposes, this would be within our long term capital plan and probably have two wells a year. It might be infrastructure-led, hub class, all infrastructure-led, all hub class, but about two shots on goal a year.
Devin McDermott: Perfect. Thanks so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo.
Roger Read: Yes. Thanks. Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
John Rielly: Good morning.
Roger Read: I guess maybe you kind of answered one of the questions I was going to ask. If we think about CapEx next year with fewer wells this year in the Bakken and then the Esox development, do we have any thought process at this point on 2020 CapEx, whether maybe the bias is to the upside with those two factors, maybe more wells in the Bakken as a catch-up? And then anything in the Gulf?
John Rielly: No. Roger, this was all part of our plan. Now, we will give guidance for 2020 in January. But kind of I mentioned it on the last call and consistent with our Investor Day, we expect our capital and exploratory spend for 2020 to be approximately $3 billion. And it's going to be exactly what we said back in that Investor Day. We are only investing in that high-return, low-cost opportunities like Esox that you just mentioned in order to grow that free cash flow in a disciplined and reliable manner. But our capital really through 2025, 75% of forward spend is going to be allocated to our world-class assets in Guyana and the Bakken and everything you talked about now with wells, we do expect to be more efficient in the Bakken, because as with lean, we will reduce the cost, we will get maybe more wells in 2020 verses 2019. But that's all factored into that $3 billion spend that I mentioned.
Roger Read: Okay. Great. And then the commentary about the Llano-5 well kind of ramping up and looking at Guyana starting production in December of 2019, what's the right way we should think about how that field will start up? I know you are not the operator. But is that a phased kind of say thing? We are going to be pretty careful with the wells? Or there is enough understanding that we should think about those, I think it's eight wells in total just kind of coming on in rapid succession.
John Rielly: No. I think you should assume a three to four month ramp in production. We want to get a lot of dynamic data, including some potential build-ups along the way. So this was all designed to slowly ramp the wells up and see what we have got going on the reservoir. First well is in the reservoir. That's not uncommon in deepwater to do that.
John Hess: And I think another point that needs to be made is the production ramp-up from first oil discovery to production in five years is industry-leading performance and we are very proud of the job. The joint venture is done, specifically ExxonMobil as our operator in bringing that forward and that's going to auger well for our future developments as well.
Roger Read: Great. Thank you. I will leave it there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate, Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Hi. Yes. Good morning. That was a good effort. Good morning everybody. I guess, John, maybe I could kick off, John or Greg, just kick off with Guyana. We have been on Ranger now for quite a while and I just want to make sure I am not reading too much into your language, John, about difference between evaluate with the intention of appraising. Can you just give us any early prognosis that you have currently? And I guess, Greg specifically, the thing I guess we are all watching here is you were planning a flow test, as I understand it. What has been the conclusion of pressure communication with the Ranger-1? Because I guess that's going to be the key thing here is whether or not we have got compartmentalization or whether we have got a viable development. Anything you can share there? And I have got a follow-up, please?
Greg Hill: Yes. Doug, what I can say is that on Ranger, drilling and evaluation are ongoing. As you recall, we have got a very extensive logging, coring program, et cetera on this well. But what I can say is that, however, based on the logs and core that is taken so far, we have seen encouraging reservoir development, confirmation of the presence of oil. So that's about all we can say at this point in time. So stay tuned. There's a lot of operations ongoing on the well.
Doug Leggate: Maybe just press you a little bit on this, Greg. Is there anything that's disappointed you on Ranger?
Greg Hill: Not to-date.
Doug Leggate: Okay. My follow-up is also Guyana-related because obviously, we are going to see a change in reporting here in terms of how the earnings and cash flow are going to flow through. I am just wondering, John Reilly, if there is any help you can give the street in terms of how this is going to play out? Because you will obviously have to report tax associated with this. But as we all know, there is no tax. So is there any way you can -- how are you going to navigate this going forward, because it is going to be such a large part of the portfolio of cash flow going forward? Because headline earnings, if I am not mistaken, are going to be kind of all over the place when this thing comes online. So any help you can offer? And I will leave it there. Thank you.
John Rielly: Sure, Doug. And really what I will do is on the January call that we gave the forecast for the year, that's when we will give some more detailed explanations on this. But you are exactly right. So the way that contract works after the cost recovery, the profit oil, they split for the government and the working interest owners. And the government out of its profit oil pays for the taxes of the working interest owners. So what that requires us to do is record a tax. So we will have a tax line associated with our Guyana production and then what you have is up above in revenue essentially additional barrels being recorded to offset that tax. So the revenue line up above will offset that tax line. Now we will lay that out as we get through the year and I will get through the full forecast, we get Exxon's numbers and then put it together with all our numbers, I will lay out what the tax rate looks like for next year. It can be a little more specific about Guyana. But you are exactly right. Whatever taxes that show up there do not affect the bottom line cash flow from our Guyana production.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I know it's going to be complicated, but I appreciate the answers. Thanks, fellows.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer, Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning. Two Guyana bigger picture questions. The first is, can you broadly speak to how you see the cost structure of future projects evolving? You benefited from the dearth of international project sanctions and low oil services activity? Now oil services companies on the margin are highlighting some inflection in international activity. How do you see cost evolving for future projects, the efficiency side of the equation versus the service cost outlook?
John Rielly: If you look at the deepwater offshore service sector, it continues to be over-supplied, given the extended period of low activity. And as you mentioned, I think also the industry's focus on efficiency and simplification and standardization continues to drive unit cost down. So as a result, we expect to see minimal cost inflation on that front.
Brian Singer: Great. Thanks. And then my follow-up is on the gas condensate discoveries at Haimara and Pluma. Can you just talk about any update there on the process of determining the timing, if at all, of development? And how you would see the rates of return there relative to the other options?
Greg Hill: No. I think these reservoirs will be developed, but certainly they won't be part of the first five FPSOs that we have discussed getting us to the 750,000 barrels a day in 2025. So it will be after that. But they are still very good reservoirs, very good fluids. So they will be developed at some point.
John Hess: And our exploration and appraisal program that we are doing this year, last of which is Tripletail, which is still under evaluation, is going to give us more granularity to sort of give guidance on what the fourth and fifth ship or potentially a sixth ship in that southeastern Turbot Hub area. So I would think next year we can give more clarity on the phasing of the fourth and fifth ship and future ships potentially thereafter.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett with Bernstein Research.
Bob Brackett: Hi. Good morning. I had a question around the commissioning of Liza Destiny. Does the Noble Bob Douglas drillship, what does it do as you get toward commissioning? Is that going to get repurposed? Will that stand by to drill further wells?
John Rielly: No. It will stay there and just finish out the drilling of both producers and injectors for the Liza Field.
Bob Brackett: So the initial ramp will be a partial set of injectors and producers and then drilling will continue during that kind of three to four month ramp?
John Rielly: Yes, it will.
Bob Brackett: Okay. That makes sense. That's all I had. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Gruber, Citigroup.
Scott Gruber: Yes. Good morning.
John Rielly: Good morning.
Scott Gruber: I may have missed it earlier, but any color you can provide on Bakken wells you brought online in 4Q?
John Hess: In terms of basically, the Bakken program in general continues to meet all expectations. We are on track for the 15% on average IP180 increase due to the plug and perf. We are on track for the 120,000 to 125,000 barrels of oil of IP180. So basically all on track. There was nothing remarkable necessarily about the third quarter. Now, we did have lower wells online, but they did outperform in the third quarter.
Scott Gruber: Got it. And just as you consider Bakken CapEx for next year, it sounds like this year there's a lot of general process improvement and efficiency improvement. But as you think about Bakken CapEx next year, do you anticipate incorporating service cost deflation and any color on order of magnitude?
John Rielly: So to your point, Scott, we are not seeing pressure on costs in North Dakota. And obviously, with the decline in the rig count, that helps from the cost standpoint. So at this point right now what we are more focused on is, as Greg said earlier, are just driving our lean manufacturing and continuing to drive down those well costs with our goal of getting to a six million D&C well. So when you are looking at capital next year, we will have some reductions baked in for our efficiencies for those well costs, not really for cost deflation or anything like that, just our lean manufacturing, offset by with our efficiencies, there will be more wells that gets drilled next year, just again as we get better and better drilling the plug and perf. So that's kind of how we are laying out the program for next year. And remember, as John has mentioned earlier, it's six rigs for 2020.
Scott Gruber: Got it. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeanine Wai with Barclays.
Jeanine Wai: Hi. Good morning everyone.
John Hess: Good morning.
Jeanine Wai: Good morning. The Bakken, it's outperforming this year and you just increased the full year production guide. So I just wanted to follow-up from some of the prior questions. So could this outperformance potentially bias the plan to level load at that 200,000 barrels a day? And I think I heard you say earlier in the call that it could be higher than 200,000 barrels a day, but I think that was more related to your NGL contracts. So I guess, if you think about achieving your target, could you do it on less wells and less CapEx? Or would you rather kind of let things float and have higher production and maybe kind of higher free cash flow? And I know there's a lot of moving pieces, but kind of similar to what other people have been saying, there's been, a lot of your recent activity suggests that you have a lot of other opportunities in the portfolio. And I also think there are some infrastructure considerations on that 200,000 a day. So I wanted to check in on that to see if that's a limiting factor.
Greg Hill: Yes. Well, first of all, let me say there is no infrastructure constraints at all for us to make it to the 200,000 barrels a day. We are still on track to deliver 200,000 barrels a day in 2021, a six-rig program next year and then after that we will drop the rig count to four and as you suggested in your remarks, we will then hold that production flat for a number of years at 200,000 barrels a day. And as a result of dropping four rigs, we will be generating significant free cash flow, $800 million to $1 billion of free cash flow, once we drop the rig count to four. So it becomes a very significant cash flow generator for the company. We do get asked why not go higher than 200,000 barrels? If you look at the infrastructure required to build for a bigger peak, it doesn't make economic sense to do that. So the right thing to do from an overall value standpoint is hold it at 200,000 barrels a day. And you are right, the POP contracts are going to ebb and flow with prices. And what I mentioned was, if NGL prices stay chronically low, we could be above 200,000 barrels a day as a result of those additional NGL volumes that we would capture.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. That's really helpful. And my follow-up, again, it's on the Bakken. There's been a lot of talk about well cost reductions and performance. In terms of the base production, we have heard commentary from other operators that making sure that your base is performing well is some of the highest return on CapEx dollars you can spend. So is better performance on the PDPs a component of what's going on with the higher Bakken production?
Greg Hill: It is. I mean, the base continues to hang in there achieving or beating expectations. So we see no problems in the base production. And then, of course, you have the new wells which you are doing much better with the plug and perf design. That's how we are continuing to overachieve in the Bakken.
Jeanine Wai: Okay. Great. Thank you for taking my questions.
Greg Hill: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. Good morning. Greg, I was wondering if you could give us your thoughts on whether the oil mix in the Bakken should hold relatively flat in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter? And it sounds like you still remain comfortable in terms of the 2021 outlook of 200 MBOE per day with a low 60% oil mix. Is that correct?
Greg Hill: Yes, we do. Yes, we are very confident in that number. As I said, probably what's going to effect fourth quarter mix again is the NGL pricing. Does that go up or down? Because always, when this oil volume, always when this gas percentage fluctuates in the Bakken, it's purely due to the midstream, it's increased gas capture and it's POP contracts. That's the only thing providing really the variation. If I look at wellhead GORs, those are staying the same. So, it's purely a midstream issue and the result of how we consolidate our volumes on the balance sheet.
Arun Jayaram: Okay. But at the 165, you would assume it pretty similar to the guide, I believe?
John Rielly: Yes. And again, it all does depend on the NGL pricing as we go forward. So we have estimated NGL prices going up. So it will be a little bit less from the POP contracts. But yes, just as Greg said, we believe we can keep this low-60 with, kind of call it, a normalized NGL price. But I guess the point I think Greg was trying to point out is, is you don't need to focus really on that, right. Our oil production was up 12% quarter-on-quarter. It's going really strong. Everything is going really well in the Bakken from an execution standpoint and a reservoir standpoint. And we will get fluctuations on the gas and the NGLs just due to pricing and gas capture.
Arun Jayaram: Great. Thanks a lot. And then just my follow-up. Liza-1 is coming online a bit early. I was wondering if you could help us better understand how long the ramp would be to full productive capacity at 120. And also, John, maybe you could give us some thoughts on the operating costs. Once you do get the capacity, I think you did lease the vehicle -- the vessel, pardon me. So I was just wondering if you could give us maybe some broader thoughts on op costs as well per barrel.
Greg Hill: Yes. Again, Arun, I think you can assume a three to four month ramp on Liza-1 to get to the 120. And again, that's not uncommon for first wells in field in a deepwater reservoir, because you really want to see how those wells are performing. You will gradually increase the chokes. You may do some shut-ins to get some build-ups. You really want to understand the dynamic nature of the reservoir, again not uncommon at all in deepwater.
John Rielly: And then, Arun, as far as the cost per barrel that will produce, obviously we will get the full guidance as we go out in January. So we will obviously have the ramp, right. So you will have a higher cost per BOE as we are doing the ramp here. Then as it moves on, you are right, we have it leased here for a period of time, which is adding $3-ish per barrel on the cost. So it will be above $10 cash cost per BOE on Phase 1 here on the ramp until that FPSO, which the plan would be later on to be purchased, which would drop that $3 off the op cost and move it to the DD&A line. But this will be a good low-cost addition to our portfolio. So again, it's part of this plan. The Phase 1 will begin to take down our cash cost. Phase 2 will even do it more as we get the bigger ship and more production on at that point.
Arun Jayaram: Great. So the cash cost excluding the leasing cost would be $6 to $7 per barrel. Something like that?
John Rielly: No. It will be a little bit higher than that number. So it will be a little bit above the $10. So you can do let's just call it around $12-ish in that type of range and then you can drop just to a little bit under 10 after the FPSO is purchased. But we will give full guidance as we move into next year.
Arun Jayaram: All right. That's super helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Scotia Howard.
Paul Cheng: John, at some point that by 2022 when Liza-2 come on stream, I would suppose that either 2022 or 2023, you guys will be free cash flow. So on a longer term basis, do you have internally a target? What will be the right production growth rate and free cash flow yield combination that you may be targeting?
John Hess: Well, very much we laid this out in our Investor Day as our long term plan out to 2025. We are on track to execute that strategy, which is 20% cash flow from operations growth, 10% production growth out to 2025. We are on track. Our results this year underpin it. Our results next year that we forecast underpin it. And that's how we really look at any guidance we would say. We put out a long term strategy and we are executing it. Having said that, as our cash engines continue to generate cash and then the Bakken starts becoming a major cash engine, 2021 and beyond and Guyana, 2022 and beyond, obviously we will be a significant free cash flow generator. We see that free cash flow compounding over time and the first call will be continuing to invest in our high-return projects. As John Reilly said, 75% of our CapEx in that $3 billion range goes to the Bakken and Guyana. But once we start to generate free cash flow on a recurring basis, our top priority will be starting to return capital to our shareholders on a consistent basis and the first priority there will be increasing the dividend.
Paul Cheng: I guess my question is that on the longer term basis that do you have a target? Like how much is the cash flow you will return to the shareholder or a free cash flow yield, say 6%, 5% per cycle? Any kind of target like that you have in mind?
John Hess: Because our free cash flow increases over time, I think the best way to look at it is the majority of that free cash flow will be returned as capital to shareholders. I think that's the best way to look at it.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And maybe this is for John Rielly. You have a target cash cost for the corporation will drop below $10 by 2021 versus right now it's like $12 to $13? And you just mentioned that Guyana is going to be, say, call it roughly $12. So what is the major component, the reduction going to be in order for you to drop that much?
John Rielly: Right. So I am going to call it to the two biggest drivers are, as I said, Guyana starts around $12. We will buyout that FPSO because as you know, that's part of the plan. That would happen in 2021. That will drop that cash cost by $3. They are going on Phase 1. So you are under $10 right there with Guyana. And then Bakken again driving up to 200,000 barrels a day is a big contributor there to drop our cash down to $10. Again, now with you got Esox coming in, very good. That's going to be a nice low-cost cash add to the portfolio, as Greg mentioned, Llano-5 ramping up. So it's really is a combination of our portfolio in total, but with the big drivers being Guyana and Bakken.
Paul Cheng: John, what is Bakken your target in 2021 on the cash costs?
John Rielly: I don't lay out a target, per se, by asset there. But as I have always said here, Bakken's cash cost is below our portfolio average right now. So the $12.75, it is below that and it's going to continue to drive down with this significant increase in production going to 200,000 barrels a day.
Paul Cheng: Do you have a number, what is the Hess Midstream total CapEx supply in 2020 and 2021?
John Rielly: No. We have not put those numbers out yet. Although I would tell you when in the announcement that of the midstream transaction, they did put some guidance out for 2020, but not 2021.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Final one. This is for Greg. For Esox-1, I know that you are not going to give us some additional data early next year. Do you think this is a one-well or two-well program ultimately? And also that what's the well production and oil and gas mix which we should assume?
Greg Hill: Yes. So I think, again, evaluation of the well results are still ongoing and we will give you further updates, including resource estimate and production rate probably early next year after we have some dynamic production data. We are going to start with the first well, but we see enough hydrocarbons here that it could take another well to evacuate all that we see.
Paul Cheng: Do you have a oil and gas mix?
Greg Hill: No, not yet. We will provide that. GOR is in the 2,000 to 3,000 range in the reservoirs.
Paul Cheng: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell, Tuohy Brothers.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning and congratulations on a solid quarter.
John Hess: Thank you.
Jeffrey Campbell: I want to return back to the Esox-1 just because it sounds like it's a really big well and maybe even two wells. And then when we put that together with the flat 65,000 barrels of equivalent per day target, it sounds like, I am wondering how that fits together. I mean, will you choke back the well to stay within the 65,000? Or will we have a period where we might have some excessive production? Because if a well exceeds expectations like Esox does, wondering also is there some infrastructure limits embedded in there some place?
Greg Hill: No, there is not. I mean, I think you can assume that Gulf of Mexico will be between 65,000 and 70,000 barrels a day, really in that range. There is no infrastructure constraints. Necessarily we won't choke back wells. We will maximize production in the Gulf of Mexico.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. Thanks. That makes more sense. And I had one Guyana question. I have just noted with interest that a number of these upcoming exploration wells are in the Liza Phase-1 neighborhood. And bearing in mind that's the earliest project to get sanctioned. That strikes me as interesting. And I was wondering if you could add any color on what the thinking is behind the continued exploration in this area.
Greg Hill: Sure. I think I think as we have talked about before, what we are really trying to do is delineate what I call the eastern seaboard that exist between Turbot and Liza. And we see a lot of prospectivity kind of in that whole eastern margin. So really what we are trying to do is understand all the volume we have there to inform the cadence of the future vessels. So that's really the purpose, because as you get closer to Liza, probably higher value in there just because you have a higher oil content on a relative basis than as you get closer to Turbot. So our interest is really, can we delineate as much of that stuff in and around Liza for a future vessel in that area?
Jeffrey Campbell: Right. I understand. And also you want to be capital efficient as well. So thanks very much for the color.
Greg Hill: Absolutely, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hall, Heikkinen Energy.
Michael Hall: Good morning. Thanks for the time.
John Hess: Good morning.
Michael Hall: Yes, I guess a couple of quick ones on my end. I am just curious, given all the moving pieces around the POP contracts that we saw last quarter and then again this quarter and it sounds like there's some of that, although less assumed next quarter. How much of the increase guide in the Bakken is a function of gas capture exceeding expectations and/or POP contracts as opposed to reservoir outperformance or well timing?
John Hess: As Greg mentioned earlier, about 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter was due to a combination of the increased gas capture and the POP. So you can get a feel for that number there. Now again, we are forecasting a higher NGL price, so lower POP volumes for the fourth quarter. So you would have to bake the 7,000 in overall for the year divided by four quarters. So there's an additional 2,000 barrels a day coming in through that. And then we should get picked up a little bit more gas capture in the fourth quarter as well. So nothing specific, nothing that's driving a significant increase in the production from that, but it is a factor, as Greg mentioned.
Michael Hall: Okay. Sorry to beat that dead horse. I just wanted to be clear. I appreciate it. And then I guess just if we think about 2020, clearly as you have outlined, you have got a big ramp in free cash flow coming over the next few years. But at the current strip and with all the different moving pieces, kind of how do you see the outspend shaping up next year?
John Rielly: So, as John Hess mentioned, we have this long term strategy. We laid it out at Investor Day and we continue to execute that. And to go along with the strategy, we have a strong financial position to be able to execute that. So at the end of the quarter, we have $1.9 billion of cash on hand. As we mentioned, post the closing of the midstream transaction, we also get an additional $275 million. And just as a reminder, we still do have the $60 WTI put options in place for 95,000 barrels a day for the remainder of the year. So we are in a really good, strong financial position to fund our program. And we do realize there is an investment program here until Phase 2 comes on. But looking forward now, we have got production from Guyana starting up in December. So we are going to be picking up some cash flow there now in Guyana. And as you mentioned, Bakken is becoming significantly cash flow generative. And by 2021, as Greg mentioned, $800 million to $1 billion of free cash flow. So we will use that cash flow from operations, along with the cash on the balance sheet to fund the Guyana investment program through Liza Phase 2. And when Phase 2 comes on then Guyana is generating free cash flow. So all of our assets are generating free cash flow at that point. So we feel we are in a good position to execute that.
Michael Hall: Okay. But specific to 2020, I mean just to kind of help us think about next year, any figures you can provide?
John Rielly: No, nothing specific. Obviously, commodity prices are going to move. And so as we get into January, we will give more guidance on where our production is from that standpoint. We will be using our cash flow from operations, some of the cash on the balance to fund it. But again, we feel we are in a good position to get through to Phase 2.
John Hess: And also, depending upon market conditions, we will certainly look at adding to our hedge position for 2020 that really is going to look to protecting the downside. We think that's prudent and we are just being disciplined about how we think about that.
Michael Hall: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov, Raymond James.
Muhammed Ghulam: Hi guys. This is Muhammed Ghulam, on behalf of Pavel Molchanov. Thanks for taking the question.
John Hess: Thank you.
Muhammed Ghulam: First of all, do you have any update on the exploration plans for Suriname? Are you guys still planning to drill there in 2020?
John Hess: Yes. So as you recall, there's two blocks in Suriname. So let me talk about each one separately. So in Block 42, we believe there is excellent potential there and a second exploration well is currently being planned for 2021. So there will be nothing on Block 42 in 2020. Recall, Kosmos is the operator there, Hess has a 33.3% interest as does Chevron as well as Kosmos. So third, a third, a third. On Block 59 in Suriname, recall the operator is ExxonMobil there. And what's going on there is the operator's nearing completion of a 2D seismic acquisition on the block. Following that, the data will undergo processing. Then we will shoot a smaller, more focused 3D survey in and around any prospectivity that's identified. And so the first exploration well will likely be spud in 2022 on that block. And the other partners are Hess and Statoil each, with a third again.
Muhammed Ghulam: Okay. Understood. And this one is kind of, well, I know you guys don't focus as much on this segment, but can you guys talk a bit about Libya? What's going on there and what are the next steps, if there are any?
John Hess: Yes. Look, our production continues in Libya. Obviously, there is significant civil unrest there. So giving more clarity, other than that is a hard thing to do. It's a cash generator, not that material. But at the end of the day, operations continue but it's subject to disruption based upon political unrest. And so far it's been fairly stable.
Muhammed Ghulam: Okay. Understood. That's all from me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2019 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Amanda and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Amanda. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website www.hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on todays conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. Now as usual with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will provide a strategy update, Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance and John Riley will review our financial results. In the second quarter, we continued to execute our strategy and deliver strong operational performance. With our full year production now expected to come in at the upper end of our guidance range and our capital and exploratory expenditures projected to come in under our original guidance. Our portfolio, which is balanced between our growth engines in Guyana and the Bakken and our cash engines in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the Gulf of Thailand, is on track to generate industry leading cash flow growth. With a portfolio breakeven that is expected to decrease to less than $40 per barrel Brent by 2025. A key driver of our strategy is our position in Guyana. The 6.6 million acres Stabroek Block, where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator is a massive world class resource that is uniquely advantaged by its scale, reservoir quality, cost, rapid cash paybacks and strong financial returns. In April, we announced our 13th discovery on the Stabroek Block at Yellowtail. The Yellowtail number 1 well encountered approximately 292 feet of high-quality oil bearing sandstone reservoir and is the fifth discovery in the Turbot area, which is expected to become a major development hub. Total discoveries on the Stabroek Block to-date have established the potential for at least 5 floating production storage in offloading vessels or FPSOs producing over 750,000 barrels of oil per day by 2025. Drilling and appraisal activities were completed at the Hammerhead 2 and Hammerhead 3 wells with encouraging results, including a successful drill stem test in July. These results are being evaluated for a potential future development. Exploration and appraisal drilling continues on the block at the Tripletail prospect in the greater Turbot area and at the Ranger discovery where a second well is underway. As a result of this years discoveries and further evaluation of previous discoveries, we have increased the estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources for the Stabroek Block to more than 6 billion barrels of oil equivalent, up from the previous estimate of more than 5.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent and we continue to see multibillion barrels of additional exploration potential. In terms of our developments, Liza Phase 1 continues to advance. On July 18, the Liza Destiny FPSO, which has the capacity to produce up to 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day, set sail from Singapore and is expected to arrive in Guyana in September. First production is expected by the first quarter of 2020. Phase 2 of the Liza development, which was sanctioned in May, will use a second FPSO, the Liza Unity with production capacity of up to 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. Startup is expected by mid-2022. Planning is underway for a third phase at Payara, which will use a FPSO with a capacity to produce between 180,000 to 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day. First production is on track for 2023. In the Bakken, we have a premier acreage position and a robust inventory of high-return drilling locations. We plan to continue operating 6 rigs, which is expected to grow net production to approximately 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2021 along with a meaningful increase in free cash flow generation over this period. Now turning to our financial results, in the second quarter, we posted a net loss of $6 million or $0.02 per share compared to a net loss of $130 million or $0.48 per share in the year ago quarter. On an adjusted basis, we posted a net loss of $28 million or $0.09 per share compared with an adjusted net loss of $56 million or $0.23 per share in the second quarter of 2018. Compared to second quarter 2018, our improved financial results primarily reflect increased U.S. crude oil production and reduced exploration expenses, which were partially offset by lower realized selling prices and higher DD&A expenses. Second quarter net production averaged 273,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, up from 247,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year ago quarter. For the full year of 2019, we forecast that net production will average between 275,000 and 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which is also at the upper end of our previous guidance range. Second quarter net production in the Bakken averaged 140,000 of oil equivalent per day, up 23% from 114,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day a year ago. For the full year 2019, we now forecast that the Bakken net production will average between 140,000 and 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, at the upper end of our previous guidance range. Before closing, I would like to note that we published our Annual Sustainability Report earlier this month for the 22nd year. We believe sustainability practices create value for our shareholders and position us to continuously improve our business performance. Our sustainability report is available on our company website at www.hess.com. In summary, we are successfully executing our strategy, which will deliver increasing and strong financial returns, visible and low risk production growth and significant future free cash flow. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. I would like to provide an update on our progress in 2019 as we continue to execute our strategy. Starting with production, in the second quarter, net production averaged 273,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which was within our guidance for the quarter of 270,000 to 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Strong performance across our operated portfolio was partially offset by unplanned downtime at the Shell-operated Enchilada facility in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, which reduced our second quarter net production by approximately 4,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the third quarter, we expect net production to average between 270,000 and 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, as continued ramp up of the Bakken is expected to be partially offset by planned maintenance at our JDA asset in Southeast Asia and the impact of Hurricane Barry in the Gulf of Mexico in early July. Based on our year-to-date performance and our expectation of strong production growth from the Bakken, deepwater Gulf of Mexico in Southeast Asia in the fourth quarter, we now forecast full year 2019 net production to average between 275,000 and 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is at the upper end of our previous guidance range. Turning now to the Bakken, capitalizing on the success of our new plug and perf completion design, we delivered a strong quarter. Second quarter Bakken net production averaged 140,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was at the top end of our guidance range of 135,000 to 140,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day and approximately 23% higher than the year-ago quarter. For the third quarter, we forecast our Bakken net production will average between 145,000 and 150,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For full year 2019, we now forecast Bakken net production will average between 140,000 and 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is also at the upper end of our previous guidance range. In the second quarter, we brought 39 new wells online, and in the third quarter we expect to bring approximately 45 new wells online. For the full year of 2019, we still expect to bring approximately 160 new wells online. Moving to the offshore, in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged approximately 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter, reflecting planned maintenance activities at Tubular Bells in Baldpate as well as an unplanned shutdown at the Shell-operated Enchilada facility in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, which resulted in a 22-day shut-in of production at our Conger Field. In line with our strategy of investing in high return opportunities, we are pleased to report that the Llano 5 well in the Gulf of Mexico, where Hess has a 50% working interest, was successfully brought online in July and is expected to reach a gross production rate of between 8,000 and 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter. The well was drilled and completed in approximately 60 days, 2 weeks ahead of schedule. In Southeast Asia, net production averaged approximately 59,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter, reflecting a successfully completed planned shutdown for maintenance activities in North Malay Basin. As I mentioned earlier, we also completed a planned 2-weeks shutdown at the JDA last week and production is now back to pre-shutdown levels. Now turning to Guyana, our exploration success on the Stabroek Block continues, with 3 new discoveries so far in 2019 at Tilapia, Haimara and Yellowtail, bringing the total number of discoveries on the block thus far to 13. We completed drilling operations on the Hammerhead-2 and 3 wells in June and July, respectively, which included a successful drill stem test on Hammerhead-3 and we are currently evaluating the results for a potential future development. Our Noble Tom Madden drillship is currently drilling the intermediate section of one of the Liza Phase 1 development wells and will then return to finish drilling in the Tripletail 1 well with results expected in October. The Stena Carron drillship recently commenced drilling of the Ranger 2 appraisal well as a follow-up to the successful Ranger 1 exploration well, which in January 2018 established a large oil-bearing carbonate structure, located approximately 60 miles northwest of the Liza field. An extensive logging and quarrying program as well as the drill stem test are planned for Ranger 2. Now turning to our Guyana developments, Liza Phase 1 is progressing as planned. The Liza Destiny FPSO, with a gross production capacity of 120,000 barrels of oil per day, has departed Singapore and is expected to arrive in Guyana in September. Drilling at the Phase 1 development wells by the Noble Bob Douglas drillship is proceeding to plan and the installation of subsea umbilicals, risers and flowlines is approximately 70% complete. The project is on track to achieve first oil by the first quarter of 2020. Liza Phase 2, sanctioned in May, will utilize the Liza Unity FPSO where fabrication activities are currently underway. Liza Unity will have a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day and will develop approximately 600 million barrels of oil. First oil is expected by mid 2022. A third phase of development at Payara is expected to have a gross capacity of between 180,000 and 220,000 barrels of oil per day, with first oil on track for 2023. In closing, our execution continues to be strong, and in 2019 we are positioned to deliver production at the upper end of our previous guidance range along with lower capital and exploratory expenditures than our previous guidance. Our offshore cash engines continue to generate significant cash flow, the Bakken is on a strong capital efficient growth trajectory and Guyana continues to get bigger and better, all of which position us to deliver industry leading returns, material free cash flow generation and significant shareholder value for many years to come. Ill now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the second quarter of 2019 to the first quarter of 2019. We incurred a net loss of $6 million in the second quarter of 2019 compared with net income of $32 million in the first quarter. On an adjusted basis, which excludes items affecting compatibility of earnings between periods, we incurred a net loss of $28 million in the second quarter of 2019. Turning to E&P. On an adjusted basis, E&P had net income of $46 million in the second quarter of 2019 compared to net income of $109 million in the previous quarter. The price and volume variances between the second quarter and first quarter were immaterial. The other changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P earnings between the second and first quarter of 2019 were as follows: higher operating cost, as guided, driven primary by workovers and maintenance activities at North Malay Basin and Tubular Bells decreased earnings by $27 million; higher production in severance taxes decreased earnings by $7 million; higher seismic expense in Guyana decreased earnings by $9 million; changes in foreign exchange decreased earnings by $8 million; all other items decreased earnings by $12 million for an overall decrease in second quarter earnings of $63 million. Turning to Midstream, the Midstream segment had net income of $35 million in the second quarter of 2019 compared to $37 million in the first quarter of 2019. Midstream EBITDA, before no controlling interest, amounted to $127 million in the second quarter compared to $129 million in the previous quarter. For corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $109 million in the second quarter compared to $114 million in the first quarter of 2019. Turning to our financial position, at quarter end, cash and cash equivalents were $2.2 billion, excluding Midstream, and total liquidity was $6.1 billion, including available committed credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $5.7 billion. During the second quarter, we entered into a new, fully un-drawn $3.5 billion revolving credit facility maturing in May 2023, which replaced our previous credit facility that was scheduled to mature in January 2021. Net cash provided from operating activities was $675 million, while cash expenditures for capital and investments were $640 million in the second quarter. Changes in working capital increased operating cash flows by $115 million in the second quarter. Now turning to third quarter and full year 2019 guidance, for E&P, our E&P cash costs were $12.11 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya, and $12.72 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya, in the second quarter. We project E&P cash cost, excluding Libya, to be in the range of $13 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter of 2019, which reflects the impact of planned maintenance shutdowns at the JDA and Baldpate, planned maintenance projects in the Bakken and the impact of Hurricane Barry. Full year 2019 cash costs, excluding Libya, are now expected to be $12.50 to $13 per barrel of oil equivalent, which is down from previous guidance of $13 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent. DD&A expense was $17.20 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya, and $18.31 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya, in the second quarter. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $18 to $19 per barrel of oil equivalent in the third quarter of 2019, with full year guidance unchanged at $18 to $19 per barrel of oil equivalent. This results in projected total E&P unit operating cost, excluding Libya, to be the range of $31 to $33 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter, and in the range of $30.50 to $32 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2019. Exploration expenses, excluding dry haul costs, are expected to be in the range of $50 million to $60 million in the third quarter and full year guidance to be in the range of $200 million to $210 million, which is in the lower end of our previous guidance. The Midstream tariff is projected to be approximately $185 million for the third quarter, with full year guidance expected to be $740 million to $750 million. The increase in the third and fourth quarter tariff expense is due to an anticipated increase in Midstream volumes driven by growing Hess production and increasing third-party throughput with the startup of the Little Missouri 4 gas processing plant in North Dakota. The E&P effective tax rate, excluding Libya, is expected to be an expense in the range of 0% to 4% for the third quarter and for the full year. Our crude oil hedge positions remain unchanged. We have 95,000 barrels of oil per day hedged for calendar 2019, with $60 WTI put option contracts. We expect option premium amortization to be approximately $29 million per quarter for the remainder of the year. E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $800 million in the third quarter and $2.8 billion for the full year, which is down from original guidance of $2.9 billion. For the Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be approximately $40 million in the third quarter and in the range of $170 million to $175 million for the full year. Turning to corporate, for the third quarter of 2019, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million and full year guidance to be in the range of $110 million to $115 million. Interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $75 million to $80 million for the third quarter and full year guidance to be in the range of $315 million to $320 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Doug Leggate: Hi thanks. Good morning everybody. I wonder if I could ask a couple on Guyana and then just one on the Bakken. On Guyana, Greg, its probably for you. Could you give us a little bit more color on the Hammerhead appraisals? Obviously, theyre kind of scant detailed in the release, but what does this mean for the potential of, I guess, an accelerated development? I think that had been alluded to in the past but to boost your exploration assets and then bring forward the development seems a little bit unusual. And the related question is when you describe the Yellowtail Turbot Longtail area as a major development hub, one assumes that doesnt relate to a single FPSO. So it seems that were kind of stacking up development visibility here. I just wonder if you could offer us any color on why we still havent seen an uplift to the greater than 750,000 guidance for 2025?
Greg Hill: Yes, Doug. Thanks. So let me take your first question. So first of all, the Hammerhead well results for both Hammerhead-2 and Hammerhead-3 really demonstrated three things: first of all, both had high-quality reservoirs. The DST on Hammerhead-3 showed very good mobility. And finally, very good connectivity. And the connectivity is actually between all 3 wells. So, all 3 wells are in pressure communication so that bodes well for a development. Now were rolling all the results of this obviously into the development planned studies for that area. So, were just not ready to announce anything but we are rolling all the data in earnest into the studies as we speak. Regarding your second question, youre right, we do have a lot of volume now underpinned really between the Liza complex and the Turbot complex, and were also, in earnest, doing development studies on that area. Obviously, its going to be a multi-FPSO kind of situation given the amount of volume we found. And then furthermore, as we look forward between now and the end of the year, we are going to do some more exploration drilling really along that northeastern part of the Stabroek Block between Turbot or southeastern block between Turbot and Liza. And well drill probably 3, potentially 4 additional wells or get them started this year, starting with Tripletail first and then 2 or 3 other prospects along that southeastern seaboard. So, continue to see a lot of upside into that area. But again, all thats being rolled into development studies as we speak.
Doug Leggate: Thanks for the clarity, Greg. My follow-up is hopefully a quick one. You guys process a lot of third-party volumes, I believe on a payment in kind system in the Bakken. My question really relates to the oil mix relative to the NGL mix, I guess, in the liquids that you saw this quarter, it seemed that the oil mix dropped quite a bit. I wonder if you could speak to whats going on there and further, we should read through any material change to your expectations for oil mix going forward in your development area? And Ill leave it there.
John Rielly: Sure, Doug. Thanks for that. And no, there shouldnt be any change in our mix going forward. So, let me just talk first at a high-level our Bakken asset. It is doing really well and its in terms of, Ill call it, production overall production, capital and cost and specifically, oil production. So, what we had during the quarter, April and May were tough weather months and well availability was low, but June was really strong and July has been really strong. So, what we can tell you is weve always said were in this low to mid-60s oil cut, so let me just say 63%, 64%. You can feel comfortable using that number on our third quarter production guidance that we gave for Bakken. And you can see there that were going to have a very strong oil production increase from the second to the third quarter. So then specifically, let me get to your point on the second quarter, what happened. As I mentioned, April and May were tough weather months, so well availability was low and that affected both oil and gas. Then if you look at our first quarter, we had a high oil cut of like 66% in that and it does get into the timing of gas capture, so we had additional gas capture in the second quarter. So, all else being equal, I wouldve said our overall production would have been in the 136,000 to 137,000 area, with an oil cut percentage in that 63% to 64%. But now it gets to your, call it, payment in kind on the gas processing fee. So, we do have a percentage of our contracts at the Tioga Gas Plant that are percentage of proceeds or POP contracts. And so, what happened, obviously, between the first and second quarter with lower NGL and gas prices, we received more volumes for those contracts. So, all else being equal, we probably picked up 3,000 to 4,000 barrels a day of NGL sand gas, if you want call it barrels, in the second quarter. So thats why the oil cut is showing where it is. But let me just say, going forward weve always said were going to maintain this low to mid-60% oil cut all the way up to 200,000 barrels a day, so we are right on track for the 200,000 barrels a day. The Bakken asset team is executing really well and the plug and perf wells are doing really well. So, were excited about the asset and the third quarter looks good.
Doug Leggate: Appreciate on the detailed answer John. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett of Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Bob Brackett: Good morning. Quick question on the [indiscernible] prospect in the Guam, can you give us an update on the status of that?
John Hess: Yes, Bob, so we are poised to begin drilling that in the third quarter so we will spud that well in the third quarter. And thats a tieback. If successful, thatll be a tieback Tubular Bells.
Bob Brackett: Okay. And then a follow-up on Ranger 2, can you talk about what the purpose of the appraisal is? It looks like that well sits pretty high up on the structure as opposed to the edge of the structure. Are you looking at sort of the reservoir quality or what are you testing for?
John Hess: Well, I think, Bob, you know the Ranger 1 well was drilled on the leeward side. It was drilled in a relatively safe position from a drilling standpoint. The Ranger 2 well, were actually going to move to the windward side of the historic carbonate reef. So, we expect higher porosity because thats the portion of the reef that was subjected to wave action and also rainwater, et cetera. So, were looking for reservoir quality there. We want to do a DST and that will help us also establish connectivity.
Bob Brackett: Great. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yes, thank you good morning. Just wondering if we could come back to the change in the CapEx guidance and maybe give us an idea of where the efficiencies are flowing through the roughly $100 million decline?
John Rielly: Roger, I wish I had an easy just one-off way but it really is across our portfolio, so its been good execution. So, this is in Bakken, its in Southeast Asia, Guyana, costs have been quite good. So, it really is across the portfolio. Same thing on the cash cost, the reduction there from the $13 to $14 per BOE down to the $12.50 to $13 BOE. Were seeing it across the portfolio. I guess probably on the capital the biggest piece would be the Bakken but it really is across the portfolio.
Roger Read: So, well just call it a potpourri or something like that?
John Rielly: Yes. Thats a good name.
Roger Read: Alright. And then kind of like the rest of the crowd here, I guess lets talk Guyana. As you think about the continued E&A process alongside the development, I mean, should we think about you being able to achieve as you go out, I believe to 2025 for the exploration program, being able to achieve everything you want on exploration with the existing rig fleet or do you think well see expansions there as, I guess, we all would like to see parallel development, continued execution on the original 5 FPSOs that are highlighted and then the ability to achieve all the exploration?
Greg Hill: Yes. So, Roger, we do plan to add a fourth drillship to the theater and that will be initially focused on exploration on the Stabroek Block in the fourth quarter. Obviously, as we begin to get into Phase 2 drilling, etcetera, there will be a couple of rigs drilling development wells at that point in time. But these rigs are going to be flexible. Theyre going to move from E&A work depending on success, might move over to development for a while, come back the E&A. So, we are developing a great plan to get everything we want to get done from an E&A standpoint in time before exploration of the block. So we are developing a plan to do all of that.
Roger Read: Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
Greg Hill: Good morning.
Brian Singer: Just a couple of additional follow-up questions on Guyana and the first does relate to exploration. You mentioned that some of the wells that are going to be drilled are in the southeast corridor upcoming. Can you just talk a little bit more beyond Ranger and there if you see any step out locations that you plan to drill with this fourth rig or otherwise over the next year? And specifically, away from the either between Ranger and Liza or a step out away from Ranger into potentially new structures carbonates or not?
Greg Hill: No. So let me just, again, lay out the kind of drilling sequence for the next 6 months. So, first of all, were going to drill the Ranger 2 appraisal well and then follow that with an extensive logging and quarrying program and DST. So, the rig will be on that location for a fair amount of time. The next rig will spud go back to the Tripletail well, so thats going to be the first exploration well in the second half of the year. And then beyond that, we anticipate 2 or 3 additional exploration wells that spud before the end of the year. With, as I mentioned earlier, the focus really being on drilling out the southeast part of the block between Turbot and Liza. So, really defining that southeastern corridor of the block and obviously, that is so that we can plan our developments down there, how many ships and how do we sequence them, et cetera. And then looking beyond that, of course, in 2020, well spud a well in Kaieteur block as well and then also on the Hess side, well have a Block 42 well in Suriname in 2020 also. But I think its important that we continue to add to the inventory of exploration prospects on the block that represent multibillion barrels of upside. So, there is going to be an extensive E&A program over the next several years in Guyana for sure.
Brian Singer: Thats great. And my follow-up is, with regards to some of the discoveries that at least initially should get connected that youve made like Haimara. Can you just talk about any new data or planning youve seen and how you think about monetization there?
Greg Hill: No. I think thats being rolled into our overall block development plans. And when and how Haimara plays in, not sure yet, its certainly in the queue. But as far as sequencing, not clear yet. And part of it is we want to appraise some more and explore some more in and around that Haimara hub in the next 18 months, well say.
Brian Singer: Great thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey of Mizuho. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey: Hi good morning everyone. Greg, I guess this is very much a variation on the theme in terms of the exploration success and the, sort of, luxury problem you have in Guyana. Is there a point at which there is simply too much inventory and you change plans accordingly or is the very long-term potential nature of this development really mean the levels of activity that youve really quite clearly outlined are fairly stable and are really anticipating major discoveries, therefore, plans dont change?
Greg Hill: Yes, Paul, excellent question. No, were taking a phased approach here, which we think is the most capital-efficient one and it will maximize our financial returns. So actually, from a financial return perspective, the roadmap that weve laid out, which is getting Liza 2 on in mid-2022 after Liza 1, which actually is running ahead of schedule, on in the first quarter of 2020, that will be followed by Payara in 2023 and then the exploration and appraisal program that Gregs talking about is going to give us further definition about a fourth ship, which would probably be a year after Payara, and a fifth ship which would probably be a year after that one. And that really gives you the line of sight for the 5 ships. The exact sizing of the fourth and fifth ship is the reason were doing the exploration and appraisal program. So, were very comfortable about the financial requirements for that, and were very excited about the financial returns were getting from that. Obviously, further exploration drilling may have an impact on those ships in terms of sequencing and also identify further ships. But its very manageable from a financial perspective, and we and Exxon and CNOOC are totally aligned about maximizing value from this opportunity that we have.
Paul Sankey: If I can jump and if I could ask a follow-up, weve had a lot of volatility in times passed regarding oil markets can you just update us on your latest thoughts for how Guyana will impact Gulf oil markets, given how things have changed over the past couple of years?
John Hess: Well, I think Guyana being a very low-cost development with the first ship having a breakeven Brent price of $35 a barrel and the second ship having a breakeven price of $25 a barrel, theyre going to be very well situated to fit into the world oil market. World oil market, as you know, is very much determined by demand and supply. The headwinds that weve had and GDP growth worldwide are obviously having an impact on demand growth, demand is still growing, but at a slower rate as GDP grows at slower rate and then how shale, how these new developments and how OPEC all intersect to keep the market balanced to have a price high enough for investment and low enough for demand growth is obviously something thats unfolding. So, volatility is something we have to live with. And obviously, thats why we want to build a portfolio that has a low cost per barrel. So, we have resilient returns in almost any price environment.
Paul Sankey: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of [indiscernible]. Your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys good morning.
John Rielly: Hi Paul.
Unidentified Analyst: A couple of questions. I know that its still early but I want to look at the preliminary outlook for the 2020 CapEx. I suppose that we should see the Bakken expense to be up on a full year after sixth rig. And then also the Guyana spending probably would be up given that the Phase 2 spending is going to ramp up probably pretty substantially. So maybe, John, you can help us to look at in those items that how the delta is going to change?
John Rielly: Sure, Paul. Obviously, well give our guidance in for 2020 as per our normal practice in late 2019 or early 2020. But I think you can go back to our Investor Day in December 2018 and we laid out the plan that John just talked about as well. So, based on that, we do expect that capital and exploratory spend for 2020 to be approximately $3 billion as we had laid out. To your specific question, so Bakken, whats going to happen with Bakken, we have 6 rigs this year in Bakken and well have 6 rigs next year, and then we go down to the 4 rigs that we had talked about in 2021 and generate that $1 billion of free cash flow. So, the activity level is the same from that standpoint, so were not expecting any big increases there in the Bakken. And obviously, as we talked about, weve been getting some nice efficiencies there. Guyana, yes. Thats as were coming in at $2.8 billion this year, thats what we had expected per the Investor Day that there would be some increase in Guyana. And that will be the add in and were perfectly comfortable with that exactly, as John Hess just laid out, and the timing of that with Phase 2 coming on in mid-2022. So, everything is going along according to plan. Bakken is executing well at 200,000 barrels a day. Were a quarter closer to starting up in Guyana. And so, you can expect that type of guidance when we get to 2020.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Two a quick one. One, I think you overlift by 6,000 barrels per day, maybe I missed it in your detailed remark. Whats the earning and cash flow contribution for the quarter? And secondly, John, as you indicated rightfully that with the Phase I coming onstream next year, and so from that standpoint, and lets say you have a pretty strong balance sheet at this point, is it really necessary for us to have the hedging? What is the future hedging strategy going to look like?
John Rielly: Sure. So just starting with the overlifts, so you can probably tell by our tax line that one of the big overlifts was in Libya, so overall, we had about, let me just call it, 200,000 barrels a day in Libya, we had 200,000 barrels a day in Denmark and we also had a 200,000 barrel a day overlift with JDA, offset by North Malay Basin being under 200,000 barrels. So, what happened is just from an overall earning standpoint it was immaterial, since Libya and Denmark driving that overlift. So, nothing material there. Then as far as were looking on, yes, with our program that we have going forward, we do intend to put hedges on for 2020. We just think its a prudent thing to do, as we just discussed or John Hess just discussed, the oil price volatility. So, its just something that we want to do from an insurance standpoint to make sure that we can execute this great program that we have. So, you can expect us to subject to market conditions to adding hedges for 2020.
Unidentified Analyst: The only comment I would make is that seems like everyone lost money over the long haul in hedging. So, Im not sure that is really for the benefit for the shareholder. Anyways thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan.
Arun Jayaram: Yes. My first question is for Greg. Greg, I was wondering, you did 39 wells in the Bakken in 2Q and I was wondering if you guys have tested some of the areas such as Goliath or Red Sky or some of the areas perhaps outside of your kind of core development area, key, etcetera?
Greg Hill: Yes. So first of all, let me say that we have, and we dont have a lot of wells out there yet. But what I will say is that the wells drilled to-date in those areas are meeting expectations, thats with returns in the order of 40% to 50% at $60 a barrel. Our plan for those areas in 2019 is to drill about 25 wells, and were going to be testing kind of different completion designs and well spacing in order to try and further optimize their development in these areas. As you recall, weve got at least a 15-year inventory of wells that exceeds 50% IRRs at $60 a barrel. And I expect with the optimization that were going to do this year in those areas like Goliath and Red Sky, that  I expect that inventory is probably going to grow as a result of that optimization.
Arun Jayaram: Great. And this ones for John Rielly. John, you gave us some great color on overall production guidance and as well as your thoughts on the Bakken oil mix. Could you help us with your thoughts on a range of oil production versus the BOE total for Q3 and Q4?
John Hess: So if you were looking at where we were kind of the first two quarters and youre saying overall production, we  our oil was 52% of our production in the first quarter and was 52% in the second quarter. So I would say  are you doing  and this is overall Im talking about.
Arun Jayaram: Overall? Right.
John Hess: Overall, yes, company guidance. So for the third quarter, I would expect it to go up slightly driven by good Bakken oil production growth.
Arun Jayaram: Fair enough. And just to sneak one more in, the Llano, is it the number 5 well. Can you remind us what kind of production impact that will be on a net basis?
Greg Hill: Yes. So on a growth base, itll be between 8,000 and 10,000 barrels a day in the fourth quarter and we have half of that. So the net would be half of that.
Arun Jayaram: Great, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning. The press release mentioned improved well performance in the Bakken. I was just wondering, was this anticipated from the shift to plug and perf or was this something in addition to that?
Greg Hill: No. I think this is really referencing the shift to plug and perf. And those are delivering, again, about a 15% increase in IP180 and a 5% to 10% increase in EUR versus our previous sliding sleeve design. And our whole program for 2019  on average, EURs are going to be about 1 million barrels, IP 180s between 120% and 125% and the IRRs at 60% between 60% and 100% for the program this year. So a very strong program and were extremely pleased with the results and the Bakken is doing very well.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. And referring to the Slide 21 of the May presentation. Discussed tighter well spacing for higher Bakken net present value in the  for the drilling acreage, I was just wondering, if youve settled on optimal spacing in your core areas or are you still testing closer spacing in certain areas?
Greg Hill: No. I think the 9 and 8 configuration in the core that were pretty settled on. I think the optimization that could occur is as you get out into Tier 2 acreage, Ill call it, although its all really good acreage, you might actually widen the spacing as you get out there. And why do I say that because our objective is to maximize DSU NPV. So its going to be that equation of profit loading, well spacing, et cetera, to basically maximize DSU NPV. So you might change the well spacing, you may not be as tight as you go out into the other acreage.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. And if I sneak one last one in there, just going back to Hammerhead real quick, I was just wondering are there any further Hammerhead tests in the current plans or are the 3 wells that youve discussed sufficient to determine next steps?
Greg Hill: Yes. I think we have got enough well data and evaluation data to determine next steps.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, great. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Operator: And our next question is from the line of Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking the question. Its not a huge part of your U.S. production mix but you did have 17 Bcf of gas last quarter and in that context with Henry Hub hovering around $2 obviously Bakken pricing is below that. Whats the point where you might resort to shutting in wells?
John Hess: No. We dont see us shutting in wells there. So again, a lot of what we have is associated gas with our Bakken well. So, we wouldnt be shutting in anything. Also you have to remember the Bakken gas stream has probably 3 times the amount of liquids in it than most other shale wells. So as a consequence in the rest of the country, we are in a pretty good position to optimize our net backs even though the natural gas price and NGL prices are down, they are still accretive to our overall net backs.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. And in that same context whats your stance on flaring and the latest status update on that?
Greg Hill: Yes. We are well within regulatory requirements. And I think in particularly, as LM4 south of the river gas plant comes on, our joint venture with Targa, which is actually imminently on that will substantially drop our flaring south of the river and we will be substantially below regulatory requirements at that point in time. So, flaring is not an issue for us, its not a problem for us, particularly with LM4.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2019 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Amanda and Ill be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Amanda. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. Now as usual with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. I will review our continued progress in executing our strategy, Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance, and John Rielly will review our financial results. Our company delivered strong performance this quarter. Our portfolio which is balanced between our growth engines in Guyana and Bakken and our cash engines in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the Gulf of Thailand is positioned to deliver approximately 20% compound annual cash flow growth and more than 10% compound annual production growth through 2025 at a $65 per barrel Brent oil price. In addition, we project that our portfolio breakeven will decrease to less than $40 per barrel Brent by 2025. A key driver of our strategy is also our Guyana and extraordinary investment opportunity that is uniquely advantaged by its scale, reservoir quality, low cost, rapid cash paybacks and superior financial returns. The Stabroek Block Guyana where Hess has a 30% interest in ExxonMobil is the operator, covers 6.6 million acres and contains a massive world-class resource that keeps getting bigger and better. We continue to have exploration success on the block with three new discoveries since the start of 2019 at Tilapia, Haimara and Yellowtail. Last Thursday, we announced that the Yellowtail number 1 well located about 6 miles from Tilapia, encountered approximately 292 feet of high quality oil bearing sandstone reservoir. This discovery is the fifth in the greater Turbot area, which is expected to become another major development hub. In February, we announced that the Tilapia number 1 well encountered approximately 305 feet of high quality oil bearing sandstone reservoir, the thickest net pay of any well yet drilled on the block. Tilapia is located approximately 3 miles west of the Longtail number 1 well, which is also in the greater Turbot area. In February, we also announced that the Haimara number 1 well located in the southeastern part of the block, encountered approximately 207 feet of high quality gas condensate bearing sandstone reservoir. We have now made 13 significant discoveries on the block since 2015, which will underpin at least five floating production storage and offloading vessels to produce more than 750,000 gross barrels of oil per day by 2025. Gross discovered recoverable resources on the block are estimated to be more than 5.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent with multibillion barrels of future exploration potential remaining. The Liza Phase 1 development is progressing well and remains on track to achieve first oil by the first quarter of 2020, less than five years after discovery. This phase will develop approximately 500 million barrels of oil utilizing the Lisa Destiny FPSO, which will have the capacity to produce up to a 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day. The Liza Phase 2 developments will use the Liza Unity FPSO, which will have the capacity to produce up to 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day with startup expected by mid 2022. A final investment decision is expected soon subject to government and regulatory approvals. Planning is also underway for a third phase of development at the Payara field, which is expected to have the capacity to produce between a 180,000 and 220,000 gross barrels of oil per day from the third FPSO. Sanction is expected to occur before the end of this year with first oil in 2023. Also key to our long-term strategy is the Bakken where we have a 15-year inventory of high return drilling locations. Our transition this year to plug-and-perf completions from our previous 60 stage sliding sleeve design is expected to increase the net present value of the assets by approximately $1 billion. Bakken net production is expected to grow approximately 20% per year to $200,000 of oil equivalent per day by 2021, generating approximately $1 billion of annual free cash flow post 2020 at a $60 per barrel WTI oil price. Now turning to our financial results. In the first quarter of 2019, we posted net income of $32 million or $0.09 per share versus an adjusted net loss of $72 million or $0.27 per share in the year ago quarter. Compared to 2018, our first quarter financial results primarily reflect our strong production performance, which was partially offset by lower oil prices and higher DDNA expenses. First quarter net production averaged 278,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya above our guidance of approximately 270,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and up from 220,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year ago quarter, pro forma for the sale of our Utica joint venture interest. Bakken net production averaged 130,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day up from 111,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter of 2018. In closing, our company remains committed to executing our strategy that will deliver increasing financial returns, visible and low risk production growth, and accelerating free cash flow well into the next decade. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Greg Hill: Thanks John. I would like to provide an update on our progress in 2019 as we continue to execute our strategy. Starting with production, in the first quarter, net production averaged 278,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, which was above our guidance of approximately 270,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting strong operating performance across our portfolio. In the second quarter, we expect net production to average between 270,000 and 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. This reflects the impact from plant shutdown and maintenance activities at North Malay Basin in Malaysia and at the Tubular Bells and Baldpate fields in the Gulf of Mexico, all of which was included in our full year guidance that we provided in January of 270,000 to 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. As usual, we will update our full year guidance on our second quarter call in July. In the Bakken, we delivered a strong quarter capitalizing on the success of our new plug-in-perf completion designs. Despite severe weather conditions in the Williston Basin in February, first quarter production averaged 130,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day an increase of more than 17% from the year ago quarter and within our guidance range of 130,000 to 135,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the first quarter, we drilled 38 wells and brought 25 wells online. Weather conditions in the basin have improved. And in the second quarter, we expect to drill approximately 40 wells and bring online approximately 45 new wells. For the full year 2019, we still expect to drill about 170 wells and bring 160 wells online per our January guidance. In the second quarter, we forecast that our Bakken net production will average between 135,000 and 140,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And for the full year 2019, we continue to forecast production to average between 135,000 and 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, approximately 20% above 2018 levels. Moving to the offshore, first quarter production performance was strong in our Gulf of Mexico and Malaysia, Thailand assets. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day; and in the Gulf of Thailand, net production averaged approximately 68,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now turning to Guyana. Our exploration success on the Stabroek Block continues with three new discoveries so far in 2019 at Tilapia, Haimara and Yellowtail, bringing the total number of discoveries on the block to 13. In terms of drilling activities, the Stena Carron recently completed a drill stem tests of Longtail and is now drilling the top whole section of Hammerhead-2, after which it will begin drilling Hammerhead-3. Following the completion of well operations at Yellowtail, the Noble Tom Madden will drill out Hammerhead-2. Results from these tests will provide data for the operator to size and optimize plan of development for this area. Drilling plans for 2019 also include a second well at Ranger and three additional exploration wells the locations of which are being finalized. Now turning to our Guyana developments. Liza Phase 1 is progressing to schedule. At the Keppel yard in Singapore, installation of topside modules is now complete on the 120,000 barrel of oil per day Liza Destiny FPSO and commissioning activities are underway. The vessel is expected to arrive offshore Guyana in the third quarter of 2019. Drilling over the Phase 1 development wells is proceeding and installation of subsea infrastructure as well advanced with installation of subsea umbilicals, risers and flow lines planned for the second quarter. We're on track to achieve first oil by the first quarter of 2020. Liza Phase 2 will utilize the Liza Unity FPSO, which will have the capacity to produce up to 220,000 barrels of oil per day. Six drill centers are planned with a total of 30 wells including 15 production wells, nine water injection wells and six gas injection wells. Government and regulatory approvals are expected soon after which final project sanction will be taken. First oil remains on track for mid 2022. The final investment decision is also expected later this year for a third phase of development Payara, which is expected to have a gross capacity of between 180,000 and 220,000 barrels of oil per day with start off as early as 2023. In closing, our team once again demonstrated excellent execution and delivery across our asset base. Our offshore cash engines continue to generate reliable cash flow. The Bakken is on a strong capital efficient growth trajectory and Guyana continues to get bigger and better, which in combination position us to deliver industry-leading returns, material cash flow generation and significant shareholder value for many years to come. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the first quarter of 2019 to the fourth quarter of 2018. We reported net income of $32 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to an adjusted net loss of $77 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. Turning to E&P. E&P had net income of $109 million in the first quarter compared to a net loss of $5 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of E&P results, between the first quarter of 2019 and the fourth quarter of 2018, were as follows. Lower exploration expenses increased earnings by $57 million. Lower cash costs increased earnings by $37 million. Lower DD&A expense increased earnings by $35 million. Changes in sales volume increased earnings by $7 million. Lower realized selling prices decreased earnings by $9 million. All other items decreased earnings by $13 million for an overall increase in first-quarter earnings of $114 million. Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $37 million in the first quarter of 2019 compared to $32 million in the fourth quarter of 2018. Midstream EBITDA before non-controlling interests amounted to $129 million in the first quarter compared to $127 million in the previous quarter. For corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $114 million in the first quarter of 2019 and $104 million on an adjusted basis in the fourth quarter of 2018. Turning to our financial position. At quarter end, cash and cash equivalents were $2.3 billion excluding Midstream, and total liquidity was $6.7 billion including available commented credit facilities, while debt and finance lease obligations totaled $5.7 billion. In April, Hess entered into a new fully undrawn $3.5 billion revolving credit facility that matures in May 2023 and replaces our previous credit facility that was scheduled to mature in January 2021. Cash flow from operations before working capital changes was $635 million, while cash expenditures for capital investments were $678 million in the first quarter, including cash consideration of $89 million for the Midstream assets acquired from Summit. Changes in working capital decreased cash flows from operating activities by $397 million in the first quarter. This included a one-time repayment of approximately $130 million to our joint venture partner for each share sale-leaseback proceeds related to our sale of the North Malay Basin floating storage and offloading vessel, which was completed in the third quarter of 2018. The remaining working capital items included semiannual interest payments on debt and increase in accounts receivable and a reduction in accounts payable. In the first quarter, we adopted the new lease accounting standard which resulted in the recognition of operating lease liabilities of approximately $800 million on our consolidated balance sheet. The adoption does not impact our P&L or cash flow. Turning to guidance. Our first quarter production, cash unit cost and capital and exploratory expenditures beat guidance and position us favorably for the full year. As is our normal practice, we will update full year guidance on our second quarter conference call. With respect to the second quarter, as Greg mentioned, we expect production and cash unit cost to be impacted by plant maintenance shutdown at North Malay Basin and at the Tubular Bells and Baldpate fields. These plant shutdowns were incorporated in our full year guidance provided in January. We project E&P cash cost excluding Libya to be in the range of $13 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent in the second quarter of 2019, up from $11.54 per barrel oil equivalent in the first quarter, reflecting higher costs for the planned maintenance shutdowns and higher second quarter work over activities in the Bakken including weather-related deferrals from the first quarter. DD&A expense excluding Libya was $18.37 per barrel of oil equivalent in the first quarter of 2019 and is forecast to be in the range of $18 to $19 per barrel oil equivalent in the second quarter 2019. This results in projected total E&P and operating cost excluding Libya of $31 to $33 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter. Exploration expenses excluding dry-hole costs are expected to be the range of $45 to $55 million in the second quarter and the Midstream tariff is expected to be approximately $170 million in the second quarter. The E&P effective tax rate excluding Libya is expected to be expense in the range of 5% to 9% for the second quarter. Our 2019 crude oil hedge positions remain unchanged. We have 95,000 barrels of oil per day Hedge for calendar 2019 with $60 WTI put option contracts. We expect option premium amortization to be approximately $29 million per quarter in 2019. E&P capital and exploratory expenditures are expected to be approximately $750 million in the second quarter, which includes drilling the Llano-5 well in the Gulf of Mexico that was deferred from the first quarter and drilling and completing more wells in the Bakken with tough winter conditions behind us. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess on the Midstream segment to be approximately $35 million in the second quarter. For corporate, for the second quarter of 2019 corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million and interest expense is estimated to be in the range of $80 million to $85 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Bob Brackett of Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Bob Brackett: I will start by observing that it took 22 days to drill Yellowtail and then from that start to think about the cadence of what you're doing this year in terms of the exploration program. And how do you feel about the commentary with ExxonMobil potentially adding a fourth exploration drillship?
Greg Hill: Yes, thanks, Bob. Yes, ExxonMobil is indicated they do plan to add a fourth rig to the theater. However, the drilling sequence and all that, we're still working out with the operator. I think they announced, they will come into the theater sometime in September. But what gets drilled on our block and their other blocks joint blocks, we're still working with that with the operator. So stay tuned on that.
Bob Brackett: And in terms of once Hammerhead-2 and Hammerhead-3 are appraised, what are the Tom Madden and Stena Carron going to do? Have you decided that?
Greg Hill: Yes, I think, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we definitely want to get a second well down at Ranger and then we have three other expiration wells right now. The sequence of which are being worked out between us and the operator, also depending on success and what you find remember, you might have an appraisal well or testing or whatever as success continues on the block.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question is from the line of Arun Jayaram from JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram: Greg, I was wondering, if you could detail maybe the objectives that at Hammerhead 2 and 3? And also maybe give us a little bit more color on Haimara 1, and if you guys tested the deeper objective at Haimara?
Greg Hill: So, let me start with the appraisal wells. Obviously, the objective of those is to understand the extent of the reservoir and continuity of the reservoir. So, that's really the purpose. Haimara that will feature later in the sequence, again, I think the plan is to have some appraisal wells there as well, but the sequence and cadence of when that comes, again we're still working all that with the operator.
Arun Jayaram: Did you all test anything deeper at Haimara? Or is that going to be the next potential well.
Greg Hill: That will probably subject to later appraisal.
Arun Jayaram: Fair enough. Greg, switching gears to the Bakken. Just wondering, if you could highlight any of the testing that you planned at Goliath and Red Sky? And also, we also noted this week that you had, we think as maybe a record kind of Bakken completion at Brumback [ph]. I don't know, if you could maybe comment a little bit on that well, which can hit the state. I think it had an IP in the 10,000 BOE range.
Greg Hill: Yes, let me start with the Brumback [ph] well test. Why we'd do that? It was really designed to better understand open flow potential, and it was a great result because we believe that the well achieved the highest IP-24 ever recorded for U.S. onshore well and that was some 14,600 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now while we achieved a very high IP rate and it confirmed that our acreage performed very strongly in comparison to other operators. We don't think this completion technique will be the standard practice just simply due to the higher costs and efficiencies. But again, it was a great well, great result. Regarding the testing in the Goliath acreages, as we kind said earlier in the year, we will drill 25 wells or so outside the core areas this year and that's really just to begin to establish what completion practices do we want in different parts of the field. Our current standard design is 36-stage with about 280 entry points. We know that that can vary as we get out to other areas of the field, so we really want to get some wells out in that area to begin to understand and optimize what completion designs will be. Because obviously in the future, those will feature in our inventory, so we want to get ahead of that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Devin McDermott of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Devin McDermott: My first question is on Guyana and as given the continued success there, incremental discoveries, growing resource size. I just wanted to talk at a high level about how that might impact the long-term development plan, which Im sure is still in flux? But what Im thinking about is specifically, how the potential might be for pallet developments, tiebacks or better use of shared infrastructure that might drive down the cost overtime or improve returns on the development of future phases?
John Hess: Devin, good question. Obviously, a lot of our work this year is to do further appraisal, to start to get more clarity on the answer to your question. ExxonMobil is the operator and we're working closely with them or trying to optimize what that development will be obviously with the bigger resource. We're still looking at phasing, but it is possible that we will be more than five ships going forward to produce oil, but the key is going to be doing further appraisal on the resource that we have and evaluation worked really optimize what the ultimate development will be. So, work in progress.
Devin McDermott: Got it, make sense. And then shifting over to the Bakken, as noted on the call and one of the previous question, the results there continued to be strong and even with the weather issue that was seen in the past quarter. You guys came in within guidance. I just wonder, if you could give an update on, you know, what you're seeing there as you roll out the plug-and-perf completions across all of your wells relative the guidance and base plan you all laid out last year?
John Hess: Yes, I think as you mentioned, we did have a good performance in the first quarter and despite the bad weather, we actually got 10 wells last online and what was in our plan, but still were able to stay within the guidance. We guided that these high intensity plug-and-perf completions are delivering a 15% to 20% increase in IP 180 and 5% to 10% increase in EUR versus at previous sliding 60-stage sliding sleeve design. Were confirming those results. I mean, we're well within that range. Because wherever we're drilling in the first quarter was a little better than that, but that's still going to be our guidance for the year. And as John mentioned in his opening remarks, this is going to increase Bakken NPV by over billion at $60 WTI. So far so good, we're very pleased with the results.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
John Abbott: This is John Abbott on for Doug Leggate. Doug is currently on a plane. Doug is currently on a plane flying back from the Destiny FPSO. I'm sure he's listening in on the plane, if the Wi-Fi is working. He has sent me a list of questions. His first being, it is his belief that the FPSO will sell in mid-June and likely be in Guyana in August. Can you now confirm that first oil may possibly start before the end of the year?
Greg Hill: Well, I think as we said in our opening remarks, we expect first oil by first quarter 2020. The project is going well. The project is ahead of schedule. There is a chance that it will be on before that. I think it's the reason that there is a little bit left in the schedule is because we started all the open water activities. So, I think it's prudent to stick with our buy first quarter 2020 for now until everything shows up in theater and you start the open water work.
John Abbott: Appreciated and his second question is on hedging. You're fully hedged on short for 2019 with $60 floor, but you've also said at $60 oil in the Bakken you can generate around $450 billion of free cash in 2020 at $60. Given that oil is trading above that level now. How should we think about your hedging strategy going forward? As it seems to us, you have a chance to draw an early line under any future cash burn.
Greg Hill: Thanks. So just like you said, we are well-positioned here for this year in 2019 with our hedges that are $95,000 barrels a day to put options at $60 WTI floor. So, we're comfortable and well positioned in 2019. To your point, it is our intention to add positions for 2020 obviously depending on market conditions. We do not have any 2020 positions on right now, but it is our intent to add that just like you said to draw that line in the sand, ensure that we have a strong cash flow next year, as we continue to invest in Guyana and Bakken.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian Singer: I wanted to follow up on the topic of oil prices, maybe a little bit less on the hedging front, but more, if these oil prices hold likely higher relative to what was originally anticipated. Can you just talk about the strategy for use of excess cash and in terms of either returning to our shareholders paying down debt or investing in the business?
John Hess: Yes, Brian, our first priority as you know is to make sure we have a strong financial position and cash position to fund the first ship in Guyana, the second ship in Guyana and the six-week program we have in the Bakken. So, the strong cash position will be prioritized for investing in those high return projects.
Brian Singer: And then my follow is on Guyana. Can you just talk and compare and contrast? What you're seeing so far in the Tilapia, Yellowtail area with the strong thickness of pay in comparison to say what you see at Liza? I know there is a knowledge difference right now, but little bit of comparing contrast will be helpful.
John Hess: Now, I think the Yellowtail was a great result. It had high net to gross. As John mentioned in his opening remarks, 292 feet of that, well had good porosity and it has got good oily fluids that are Liza-like. So, Yellowtail is closer to Liza from a geologic standpoint. And so, we're very pleased with that result.
Brian Singer: And then, in Tilapia nearby?
John Hess: Tilapia, again, a very good well, 300 feet, very high quality oil bearing sandstone reservoir, so we're also very pleased to that also. I think the key point here is both of those wells are great talk about are very oily. high quality oil, and really increase our confidence that the greater Turbot area should underpin the fourth and fifth FPSOs that are being contemplated.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Campbell: To that point, I just wanted to -- it's kind of asking some that was asked before, but I just want to ask it a different way. It appears that you may have actually discovered additional Guyana resources. It's beyond what might have been currently your mark for the development plan through 2025. And that may not be right, you can tell me, but I was wondering. If exploration success continues, could this potentially expand the plans into 2025%? Or is it more likely that it becomes longer dated oil?
John Hess: No, again, we're optimizing our plans. The first three ships are very much defined. The fourth and fifth ship, we still have more appraisal work to do. We're also looking at Hammerhead how that might fit in the queue. But since this is a phase development, it's very manageable from a financial perspective and very much aligned with the financial outlook we gave out to 2025 in our Investor Day in December.
Jeffrey Campbell: And I just want to turn quickly to North Malay when noted the output increase. I was under the impression we're already close to near peak that obviously wasnt the case. So, I was just wondering this future growth beyond what we saw in the first quarter expected at some point or the volumes getting near their new ceilings?
John Rielly: Really, what you saw in the first quarter were increased nominations above typical nomination, now the field as you could see, it has a capability of delivering that, but it really based on local demand. So, what I would say is, you should expect that that nominations come down. We're expecting that part of our second quarter forecast is to have some of that demand for the nomination come down a bit. But the field to your point is performing very well and has the availability to produce at a higher level, should the demand be there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Pavel Molchanov: I dont think anyone's asked you about the Midstream. You guys had a pretty sizable drop down. A few ago, if Im not mistaken, the largest dropdown since the MLP originally went public. What's kind of the expectation for additional dropdown beyond the organic expansion that I know you guys announced this morning?
Greg Hill: Yes, so, you're right. We did. In the first quarter, we sold our water business or dropped that down into the upper tier into the Midstream JV. So, that was complete in the first quarter and then also in the first quarter of Midstream did acquire some other North Dakota transportation assets from Summit Midstream partners. So, they did that. They've been busy. And as you know, you mentioned that we are expanding our Tioga Gas Plant from 250 million to 400 million scuffs. So, there's a lot of activity and there is a lot of demand for our infrastructure of North Dakota. So, we're well-positioned for it and we're excited actually for the increase in the gas plant. As far as other assets, we do have other assets in North Dakota; and actually outside in North Dakota, we've talked about the Gulf of Mexico as well, that could be dropped in. So, we will continue to look at that and we will put assets into the Midstream overtime. But as of right now, nothing immediate I would tell you.
Pavel Molchanov: And when I look at the guidance for the Midstream tariff, starts at, you did 162 million in Q1, guiding to 170, so the implied rate for the second half of the year is about over 200 million per quarter. Is that right? And what explains the increase?
Greg Hill: So, we will have a significant -- begin to get significant increase of throughput capacity when the little Missouri four plant comes online. That is expected to come online in the third quarter. So, the Midstream will see and it's not just test, its third parties as well, utilizing our additional capacity at the little Missouri plant. So, it is just the throughput increase that will increase the tariff. Some of it'd been in Hess related and some of it'd be in third party.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ross Payne of Wells Fargo Securities. Your line is now open.
Ross Payne: Nice job guys across the board. Can you speak to the process to sanction Liza 2 in any governmental challenges you expect to get that sanctioned and permitted? And second of all, what's the latest news on the no-confidence vote? And does that have any impact on future permitting?
Greg Hill: I think I will talk to Phase 2 and John will speak to no-confidence vote. But on Phase 2, as we said in our opening remarks, the approval is eminent. So, we don't expect any issues.
John Hess: In terms of the no-confidence vote, as you probably are aware, the no-confidence vote was overturned in court. It's now going to a higher court to have that ruling upheld. We expect that to occur during the month of May and I can assure you. The current government is running their approval process in the normal course of business, and we don't see the no-confidence vote or the overturned of the no-confidence vote of having any impact in the day-to-day running of the Guyanese government and their oil affairs.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2018 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Amanda and Ill be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Amanda. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I will review our progress in executing our strategy, Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance, and John Rielly will then review our financial results. Our strategic priorities are; first, to invest only in high return low cost opportunities. Through 2025, we plan to allocate about 75% of our capital expenditures to our Guyana and Bakken assets, two of the highest return investment opportunities in the industry. Second, we have built a focused portfolio with a combination of short-cycle and long-cycle investment opportunities with Guyana and Bakken as our growth engines and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the Gulf of Thailand is our cash engines. As we discussed at our recent Investor Day, our portfolios position to deliver approximately 20% compound annual cash flow growth and more than 10% compound annual production growth through 2025 with a portfolio breakeven of less than $40 per barrel Brent by 2025. Third, we will continue to ensure that we have the financial capacity to fund our world-class investment opportunities and maintain an investment grade credit rating. We entered 2019 with 2.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet, 95,000 barrels of oil per day hedged in 2019 with $60 WTI put options and the spending flexibility to reduce our capital program by up to $1 billion should oil prices move lower on a sustained basis. Fourth, we are focused on growing free cash flow in a disciplined and reliable manner. We are adding an exciting inflection point, transitioning from an investment phase in 2019 to a free cash flow generation phase beginning in 2020 with a start-up of the Liza Phase 1 development offshore Guyana, followed by the Bakken growing to 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2021. And then the Liza Phase 2 start-up offshore Guyana by mid-2022 with an additional ship planed in Guyana for each year thereafter through 2025. Finally, as our portfolio generates increasing free cash flow, we will prioritize return of capital to shareholders through dividend and opportunistic share repurchases. As we execute our strategy, we will continue to be guided by our long-standing commitment to sustainability in terms of safety, protecting the environment, and social responsibility. A key driver of our strategy is Guyana where Hess has a 30% interest in the Stabroek Block and ExxonMobil is the operator. In December, we announced the tenth discovery on the block at Pluma. As a result of this new discovery, and further evaluation of previous discoveries, the estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources for the block was increased to more than 5 billion barrels of oil equivalent with multi-billion barrels of additional exploration potential. Earlier this month, drilling began on the Haimara-1 exploration well, 19 miles east of the Pluma-1 discovery and on the Tilapia-1 exploration well in the Turbot area. The Liza Phase 1 development is on track to start-up in early 2020. Project sanction for Liza Phase 2 is expected in the first quarter of 2019 with start-up expected by mid-2022. Sanctioning of a third development Payara is expected towards the end of 2019 with start-up, as early as 2023. Also, key to our strategy is the Bakken. Our largest operated growth asset where we have more than a 15-year inventory of high return drilling locations. Our transition to plug-and-perf completions should increase net present value of the asset by approximately $1 billion. Net production is expected to grow to 200,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2021, generating approximately $750 million of annual free cash flow post 2020 at current oil prices. Now, turning to our 2018 financial results. Our adjusted net loss was $176 million, compared to a loss of $1.4 billion in 2017, and cash flow from operations before changes in working capital was $2.1 billion, up from $1.7 billion in the prior year. In 2018, we delivered proved reserve additions of $172 million net barrels of oil equivalent representing an organic replacement rate of 166% at an F&D cost of just under $12 per barrel of oil equivalent. The majority of these additions were in the Bakken. Proved reserves at the end of the year stood at 1.19 billion barrels of oil equivalent and our reserve life was 11.5 years. Full-year 2018 production was 257,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Pro forma for our asset sales and Libya, our production was 248,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2018, 10% higher than the pro forma 224,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day produced in 2017. In 2019, our production is forecast to average between 270,000 and 280,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Bakken net production is forecast to average between 135,000 and 145,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2019. In summary, we are extremely well-positioned to deliver increasing and strong financial returns, visible and low risk production growth, and significant future free cash flow, the majority of which will be deployed towards increased return of capital to our shareholders.  I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Greg Hill: Thanks, John. 2018 was a year of strong operational execution and continued delivery of our strategy. We delivered production of 250,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2018, excluding Libya, which exceeded our original production guidance of 245,000 to 255,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. This was achieved within our capital guidance of 2.1 billion and even after accounting for the sale of our JV interest in the Utica, which reduced full-year 2018 net production by approximately 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day versus guidance. In Guyana, on the 6.6 million-acre Stabroek Block where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator, we continued our extraordinary run as exploration success with five further major discoveries over 2018 at Ranger, Pacora, Longtail, Hammerhead and Pluma. In December, the estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources for the Stabroek Block were increased to more than 5 billion barrels of oil equivalent, up from about 3.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent a year ago. The growing resource base on the block reinforces the potential for at least five floating production storage and offloading vessels or FPSOs, producing more than 750,000 barrels of oil per day by 2025. Guyana is world-class investment opportunity in every respect. The combination at scale, exceptional reservoir quality, shallow producing horizons, and timing of the development in the cost cycle provide industry-leading breakevens, which is key to moving Hess towards a $40 per barrel Brent breakeven oil price by 2025, while delivering significant growth in returns on invested capital and cash flow generation. In the Bakken, we have a 15-year inventory of drilling locations that can on average generate IRRs of more than 50% at $60 per barrel WTI. Through field trials and an independent study, we confirmed that our planned transition to plug-and-perf completions in 2019 from our previous 60 stage sliding sleeve design is significantly value accretive. Based on these results, we expect production to grow to approximately 200,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2021, after which the asset should generate approximately $750 million of free cash flow annually at current prices through the middle of the next decade. In 2018, we also brought further focus to our portfolio by successfully closing on the sale of our JV interest in the Utica shale play to Ascent Resources for approximately $400 million in late August. Now, turning to production. In the fourth quarter, production averaged 267,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, above our guidance of approximately 265,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day on the same basis. For the full-year 2019, we forecast production to average between 270,000 and 280,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, which on a pro forma basis is approximately 10% above 2018. In the first quarter of 2019, we forecast production to average approximately 270,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now, turning to the Bakken. In the fourth quarter, production averaged 126,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, which represented an increase of approximately 15% over the year ago quarter and above our previous guidance of 125,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full-year 2018, production averaged 117,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in-line with full-year guidance of 115,000 to 120,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day.  For the full-year 2019, we forecast our Bakken production to average between 135,000 and 145,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day approximately 20% above 2018 levels. In the first quarter of 2019, we expect Bakken production to average approximately 130,000 to 135,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. In 2019, we plan to drill approximately 170 wells and bring approximately 160 new wells online, compared to 121 wells drilled and 104 wells brought online in 2018. Moving offshore in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, production averaged approximately 68,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 57,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full-year 2018 above our guidance, reflecting strong performance from our new Penn State Deep 6 well and the early return to production of the Conger field. We forecast 2019 production from our deepwater Gulf of Mexico assets to average between 65,000 and 70,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. At the Malaysia Thailand joint development area and the Gulf of Thailand in which Hess has a 50% interest, production averaged 35,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 36,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full-year 2018. At the North Malay Basin, also on the Gulf of Thailand, net production averaged 28,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day over the quarter and 27,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full-year 2018. Combined production from our JDA and North Malay Basin assets is forecast to average between 60,000 and 65,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full-year 2019. Turning to Guyana. Earlier this month the Stena Carron drillship began drilling the Haimara-1 well, located 19 miles east of the Pluma-1 discovery and the Noble Tom Madden drillship began drilling a second well, Tilapia-1, located 3 miles west of the Longtail-1 discovery, both in the southeastern part of the Stabroek Block. We expect to have results from both of these Wells shortly. Following completion of drilling operations on these wells, the Stena Carron will conduct a drill stem test at the Longtail discovery and the Noble Tom Madden will drill an additional exploration well on the Turbot area, likely Yellowtail. Beyond these wells, 2019 drilling on the Stabroek Block is expected to include appraisal of the Hammerhead and Ranger discoveries, and further exploration and appraisal in the Turbot area. Additional prospects and play types on the block, where we continue to see multibillion barrels of exploration upside, will also be prioritized for the drill schedule. The Liza Phase 1 development is progressing the schedule, drilling of Phase 1 development wells in the Liza field by the Noble Bob Douglas drillship is well advanced. Subsea equipment is being prepared for installation, and the topside facilities modules are being installed on the Liza Destiny FPSO in Singapore. Preparations are underway for the installation of subsea umbilicals, risers and flowlines in the second quarter and the Liza Destiny FPSO is expected to sale from Singapore and arrive offshore Guyana in the third quarter of 2019. Also, as mentioned earlier, we continue to expect sanction of Liza Phase 2 in the first quarter and the Payara development to be sanctioned later this year. In closing, I believe that we have built distinctive capabilities and created a world-class portfolio that together will enable us to deliver industry-leading performance and significant shareholder value for many years to come. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the fourth quarter of 2018 to the third quarter of 2018, and provide guidance for 2019. We incurred a net loss of $4 million in the fourth quarter, compared to a net loss of $42 million in the third quarter. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, results in the fourth quarter were a net loss of $77 million, compared to net income of $29 million in the previous quarter, resulting primarily from lower realized crude oil prices. Turning to E&P. On an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $5 million in the fourth quarter, compared to net income of $109 million in the third quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the fourth quarter and third quarter of 2018 were as follows: Lower realized selling prices reduced results by $122 million. Lower exploration cost improved results by $78 million. Higher DD&A expense reduced results by $58 million. All other items reduced results by $12 million for an overall reduction in fourth quarter results of $114 million. Turning to Midstream. The midstream segment had net income of $32 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $30 million in the third quarter of 2018. Midstream EBITDA before the noncontrolling interest amounted to $127 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $130 million in the previous quarter. After-tax corporate and interest expenses were $31 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, compared to $122 million in the third quarter of 2018. On an adjusted basis after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $104 million in the fourth quarter of 2018, compared to $110 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position. Excluding midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $2.6 billion, total liquidity was $7 billion, including available committed credit facilities, and debt was $5,691 million at December 31, 2018. Cash flow from operations before working capital changes was $584 million, while cash expenditures for capital were $664 million in the fourth quarter.  Changes in working capital increased cash flows from operating activities by $297 million in the fourth quarter, due to an increase in accounts payable and a reduction in accounts receivable. In the fourth quarter, we purchased $250 million of common stock, which completed our previously announced $1.5 billion stock repurchase program. Now turning to guidance, we project E&P cash cost, excluding Libya to be in the range of $12.50 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent in the first quarter of 2019, and $13 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent for full-year 2019, which includes costs for pre-production activities for Guyana Phase 1 and pre-development costs for future phases. DD&A expense, excluding Libya is forecast to be in the range of $18 to $19 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter of 2019, and for the full-year of 2019. This results in projected total E&P unit operating cost, excluding Libya of $30.50 to $32.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter and $31 to $33 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full-year 2019. As guided earlier, capital and exploratory expenditures in 2019 are expected to be $2.9 billion. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs are expected to be in the range of $45 million to $55 million in the first quarter with full-year 2019 forecast to be in the range of $200 million to $220 million. The midstream tariff is expected to be approximately $170 million in the first quarter with full-year 2019 projected to be in the range of $750 million to $775 million. The E&P effective tax rate, excluding Libya is expected to be an expense in the range of 0% to 4% for the first quarter and full-year 2019. Our 2019 crude oil hedge positions remain unchanged. We have 95,000 barrels of oil per day hedged for calendar 2019 with $60 WTI put option contracts. We expect option premium amortization will be approximately $29 million per quarter in 2019. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be approximately $35 million in the first quarter with full-year 2019, expected to be in the range of $170 million to $180 million. Turning to corporate, for the first quarter of 2019, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million, and full-year guidance to be in the range of $105 million to $115 million. Interest expenses are estimated to be in the range of $80 million to $85 million in the first quarter and in the range of $315 million to $325 million for the full-year of 2019. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. John Rielly, the CapEx plan obviously hasn't changed given you only just put out a few weeks back, but given the dynamics of the oil price what would it take, I guess given the hedge position you are in, what would it take for you to need to cut, I guess going into perhaps the second half of this year, what I'm really thinking is, obviously oil prices are well below where they were when you set the budget, I'm just curious if youve got any contingency plan just to where the flexibility would come?
John Rielly: Sure, Doug. I mean, as we laid out at our Investor Day, we do have this long-term strategy and we do intend to continue to execute it. We really feel that we have the portfolio on a really nice place from the asset sales and were really  now this portfolio can deliver the 10% production growth and the 20% cash flow growth as John Hess mentioned earlier. So, the only thing that we can't predict with this, with our portfolio is commodity prices. So, all were doing now is trying to manage uncertainty. So, what did we do with proceeds from the asset sales? Weve left $2.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet and we have the hedges in place for 2019 and thats 95,000 barrels of oil per day with the $60 floor price and thats WTI. So, the company is well-positioned to deliver that strategy even in this low-price environment. Now, if we get extended in an extended low-price environment and really would have to go really more into 2020, the tail-end of 2019 into 2020, in that case an extended low-price environment we have the flexibility as we mentioned to reduce our annual CapEx by as much as $1 billion and thats principally by reducing rigs in the Bakken. But right now, our plan is to execute with six rigs in the Bakken and deliver everything that we said that we laid out in Investor Day.
Doug Leggate: Okay. I appreciate. Obviously, were not expecting at this point, but we will keep an eye on it. My follow-up if I may is on exploration and its kind of couple of part question, I guess. The Tom Madden as I understand was only contracted for 2 well slots, I was just wondering if that has now been extended and if so, what do you have in the plan for this year by way of total exploration wells? And I realize that can move around, but well test and so on, and if I may just on that last point, Greg, I wonder if you could just characterize Haimara for us in terms of scale, it looks like it's a big green block to the east of the Turbot-Longtail, but as you probably saw from the other day, our understanding is that service sector is telling is that is already under test, which would imply discovery. So, any confirmation or color you can offer around that would be appreciated? Thanks.
Greg Hill: Yes, thanks Doug. So, Haimaras operations are currently underway and as we said in our opening remarks, we expect to announce something on that shortly, as well as the Tilapia well. Regarding the Tom Madden, yes, we plan to use that rig throughout 2019. We really have, without talking about specific well numbers because again it does depend on kind of what we find in testing and etcetera as we go forward, but our main objectives on the block this year are really threefold. One is, to appraise Hammerhead; second is to appraise Ranger; and then our third objective is to continue to explore/appraise around Turbot. And the purpose of those three objectives is really to underpin vessels four and five, where are they, how big are they, et cetera. So, those are our main objectives this year, and well do that with two rigs in the exploration/appraisal theater.
Doug Leggate: Just to be clear, the $200 million guide thats a G&G cost not a dry hole cost, right?
John Rielly: I'm sorry Doug, the 200 million guide from?
Doug Leggate: Yes, the guidance that you suggested I think for exploration, that is G&G, not dry hole?
John Rielly: Okay. So, exploration spend for 2019 is going to be $440 million thats what we laid out in Investor Day.
Doug Leggate: Sorry. I thought I [indiscernible].
John Rielly: Oh, so are you talking from my  when my guidance that I give out, we give exploration expenses without dry hole costs, so, thats the expense. The capital spend for exploration will be approximately $440 million in 2019.
Doug Leggate: Right. Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer: Thank you, good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Brian Singer: Wanted to follow-up actually on the point on Guyana you were just talking about with regards to appraisal, so what degree does the appraisal program over the next 6 months to 9 months, as you said, just underwrite FPSO is 4 to 5 versus open up the door for additional FPSOs beyond 5 or it is the emphasis on the plus  5 plus FPSOs expansion beyond 5 contingent on additional exploration as opposed to appraisal success?
John Hess: Yes, Brian. So, the answer is both. I mean, as I said in my remarks earlier, one of the primary intentions though with the program this year is to underpin vessels 4 and 5. So, where are they? We know that there will be one or more potentially in the Turbot complex so it is likely to be one or more on the Hammerhead, and then finally Ranger or how does that play in and when does it play in. And as you mentioned, we will additionally be doing additional exploration on new prospectivity on the block above and beyond that. So, its really both, but were anxious to get 4 and 5 underpinned, obviously, because we want to keep the cadence of design one, build many, kind of, a ship a year coming online. So, its important to understand where those are, get them engineered, get them designed, and more importantly how big to build them.
Brian Singer: Great. Thanks. And then my follow-up is that with regards to the Bakken, can you just give us the latest that you're seeing in terms of the service cost environment of may be unrelated to your shift to the plug-and-perf, but just more of the service cost environment in the Bakken and then what you're currently seeing on the realization front? Thank you.
John Hess: Yes. So, Ill take the service cost. So, I guess first point Brian is, you know the Bakken is very different than the Permian. Its a more regional market. Therefore, its not experiencing the level of cost inflation that the Permian is seeing. Now, having said that, were seeing an average cost increase of 5% to 10% on average in the Bakken in 2019. Most of thats in the form of higher labor cost, but having said, were confident that with the combination of the performance-based service contracts we've established with our suppliers or many of our suppliers and our lean-manufacturing capabilities we will be able to cover all of that inflation. So, from a well cost guidance standpoint, we're very confident well deliver what we promised, in spite of the inflation.
John Rielly: And just Brian to your question on the realizations, they are back to normal in the Bakken. So, during the fourth quarter, at the beginning of the fourth quarter, the Clearbrook spread moved from a plus $0.78 of the [TI] to minus $8.30 per barrel and that was due to about 1 million barrels of demand going away just due to refinery maintenance. So, now like the refineries are back online, the differentials are back around normal. Theyve been a dollar above to a dollar under and so were just seeing more of the normal type of Bakken differentials. And if I can just add again, our strategy is to have multiple export markets there to provide us flexibility to move our oil into the highest value market. So, we can get about 70% of our oil to the coast to get the Brent influenced pricing. So  and thats through a combination of our firm transportation of pipelines in rail.
Brian Singer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of Ryan Todd of Simmons Energy. Your line is open. And Mr. Todd, you line might be on mute, your line is open.
Ryan Todd: Sorry, I apologize for that. A couple of quick questions on the Bakken. Of the 35 wells that you brought under in the fourth quarter how many of those if any were plug-and-perf and can you comment on how early production looks relative to expectations in your targeted type curve for the 2019 program?
John Hess: So, in the fourth quarter it was 13 were plug-and-perf that came online and as we said basically going forward, its almost 100%. We could have had some carryover sliding sleeves being coming online, but really all our program is plug-and-perf. Ill turn it over to Greg on performance in the plug-and-perf.
Greg Hill: Sorry. I was on mute for a second. Just a reminder, the high intensity plug-and-perf completions are expected to deliver a 15% to 20% increase in IP 180. At least a 5% increase in EUR. That increase is our plateau production to 200,000 barrels a day from the previously guided 175. And importantly an increase in overall Bakken NPV by over $1 billion at $60 per barrel WTI, and what I will say is that results so far indicate that we are meeting or beating expectations on IP rates. So, were in good stead going forward.
Ryan Todd: Alright. Its good to hear and maybe any near-term impacts from the weather, and you had a relatively strong oil mix in the fourth quarter as well, I know that bounces around every time is ask you from quarter-to-quarter, but anything on those two things?
John Hess: Now there has been some minor weather impacts. You know, its extremely cold. So, the polar vortex is alive and well in North Dakota just like the rest of the nation, but we expect to recover from all that as normal.
Greg Hill: And then, just going to the oil cut too and I know the way you asked your question youre right. I mean oil cut is going to fluctuate quarter-on-quarter really due to changes in gas volumes captured, NGL's extracted and also NGL pricing, but just from our guidance standpoint, we do expect to average in the low-to-mid 60% range for the foreseeable future. So, the increase in Q4 relative to our gas it was driven by lower gas was gathered because we did have Tioga Gas Plant maintenance in the quarter, and that drove up the oil cut.
Ryan Todd: Perfect. I appreciate the help. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open. 
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning and congratulations on the quarter.
John Hess: Thank you.
Jeffrey Campbell: I was just wondering could you add some, kind of color with regard to the Guyana, 2019 well test program, you know how specifically how thats going to help you to confirm or eliminate development options for the future?
John Hess: Well, I think, you know the purpose of the testing program, the primary purpose is always to establish reservoir continuity. So, is there compartmentalization or anything like that going on so far. All of our drill stem tests have indicated very good reservoir continuity everywhere we go. So, thats important as you think about vessels 4 and 5 to have some tests under your belt to understand how many wells will it take to evacuate those reservoirs. So that will be the purpose again, if looking at 4 and 5 and the majority of the testing will be dedicated to that or new discoveries that we would like to get drill stem testing, while were there.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, thank you. And I was just wondering, could you comment broadly on the distribution of the drilling and completions in your best areas such as Keene and Stony Creek versus East Nesson and Beaver Lodge in 2019? Just kind of wondering how you're going to distribute the rigs around the completion?
John Hess: Yes. So, if you think about the 160 wells online that we're going to drill, about 45 of those would be in Keene, about 30 or more be in Stony Creek, 40 or so will be in East Nesson, and then 20 will be in the Beaver Lodge, kind of [cap area], and then we have another 25 miscellaneous wells that are really spread out to try different loadings etcetera. So, kind of test wells in other parts of the field.
Jeffrey Campbell: On the 25, is that  I know that other operators in the Bakken have talked about this as well, is that sort of an effort to try more moderate completions may be in areas where you havent done it recently to see if you can push those EURs up?
John Hess: Yes. I think so. You know those 25 wells, were going to be about 11 in Goliath and 14 in Red Sky. So, really that as you kind of move out, how do we think about profit loading and potentially even spacing in those areas of the field. So, we want to get some of that experience under our belt this year. But if you look at the program for this year, the IP 180's are going to average 120 to 125. And certainly, the EURs will be well north of 1 million barrels for the program. So, good healthy program and returns in the 50% to 100% range.
Jeffrey Campbell: Great. I appreciate that color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett of Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Bob Brackett: Hi, good morning. Could you talk in terms of Guyana, the pending government and regulatory approvals. How do you see the milestones coming through the first quarter and are they influenced by the election down in Guyana?
John Hess: Lets handle it two ways. With the recent no-confidence vote in elections still being scheduled, there is absolutely no impacts to our exploration or development activities. Liza Phase 1 remains on track to achieve first oil in early 2020. And we also expect Liza Phase 2 to start up by mid-2022. The government on the final approval on plan of development its just a question of getting a third-party engineering firm in place, which is underway to work with ExxonMobil to basically vet the details of the plan of development and we anticipate getting that in the first quarter and moving forward, but I think the important thing there Bob is that  all steam ahead.
Bob Brackett: Yes. Thats clear. Related follow-up that the F&D of under $12 a barrel is quite strong. If you look back to the 2017, that was an amazing $5 a barrel as those Liza bookings came through. How do we think about the cadence of Guyana reserves booking either on project sanction or then production-related revisions as we go forward?
Greg Hill: Sure, Bob. We really believe weve got competitive advantage with our reserve resource and backlog basically. One, just so you know we only have 40 million barrels of Guyana booked at this point, and as Exxon says theres greater than 5 billion barrels discovered. And it is this cadence because with the cadence we have the sanction of the Phase 1. Weve booked the approximately 40 million barrels and did not book any barrels here in 2018. So, when Phase 2 as John says get sanctioned, we will pick up barrels then. Phase 3 is Exxon is same by the end of the year. Well pick up those barrels. Then also as we drill the production wells now for Phase 1 and begin to start-up performance on Phase 1, well be picking up additional reserves at that time. So, from a reserve standpoint, Guyana will be the gift that keeps on giving for us here over the time because as John Hess mentioned earlier, as we expect to have these phases come on once every year, well continue to record additional reserves every year as this moves out and you saw the low F&D cost associated with that. So, little on the scale and just the uniqueness of the low-cost reserves it just puts us in a terrific competitive advantage.
Bob Brackett: Great. And thanks for that color.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Roger Read: Yes, thanks. Good morning. Maybe just to follow-up on some of the Guyana stuff, can you talk to us a little bit about, I guess what some of the issues we should watch for in terms of completion and delivery of the destiny vessel and then anything else on the development drilling or any other critical equipment timelines we should be watching to remain comfortable with the early 2020 start-up?
John Hess: Yes. So, I think as I mentioned in my opening remarks, you know the cadence of when the vessel will show up and whatnot, were on schedule to do that, so there are no issues foreseen yet. We are on schedule to get the vessel on location. I think the next key thing to watch is all of the surf activities that really start in the second quarter in Guyana. So, those are key activities, but we are  based on the project progress to date, we are on schedule to deliver oil in early 2020. Then you will ramp those wells up over a 4-month to 6-month period so it won't be an instantaneous ramp. The reason for that is you will bring them on flow just to make sure that you don't have any say in control issues. So, there will be a ramp of 4-months to 6-months, according to the operator.
Roger Read: Yes, of course understand that. And then just one last question on balance sheet flexibility, obviously hedged up for this year the 95,000 barrels, I was curious is there and you may have mentioned this, I may have just missed this in the original commentary, but whats been done or could be done for 2020 or what do envision maybe needing to do for 2020, if the opportunity to hedge at $60 would represent itself again?
Greg Hill: Yes. We will continue to look to add hedges as we move into 2020 or 2021. As I said earlier, were just looking to manage the uncertainty, and we do like to have that healthy insurance to ensure our program and continue to be executed because, as I said earlier, we really like where the portfolio is right now and what it can deliver that 10% production growth and 20% cash flow growth. So, with the 95,000 barrels a day hedged at the $60 WTI floor for 2019, once we look to 2020, we will look to put on hedges as well to add insurance.
John Hess: And I think its important to know that the structure wed use would be similar where we protect the downside, but we don't cap the upside.
Roger Read: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Barclays. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng: Hi, guys. Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: John Rielly, I have to apologize, you gave a number about amortization cost per quarter for the hedges is that 29 million after tax?
John Hess: Yes. That is 29 million after tax?
Paul Cheng: Okay. And John just curious that, I mean, have you or Exxon have ever reached out to the opposition party and see what is their current view about contract and everything?
John Hess: Yes. So, you know that both major parties, the current ruling party, as well as the opposition party have stated that they are supportive of the development and have consistently stated their intention to honor our PSCR contract.
Paul Cheng: And based on the current trend, when the consortium will start to developing the natural guess for the local market?
Greg Hill: Paul, that project is still under review and under discussion with the government and we were doing some early engineering studies to figure out what it will take, but in any case, it will be a small amount  relatively small amount of gas going onshore in the main to deliver to a gas fired power plant. But that project has not been sanctioned. Its still under feasibility studies and whatnot.
Paul Cheng: Great comment. So, that saved me some reading through the entire PSC, is that being specified in the PSC in terms of this scoop and the when that gets the market and need to be developed?
Greg Hill: No. All thats still under discussion with the government.
Paul Cheng: Okay. So, that is actually subject to discussion is not framed into PSC?
Greg Hill: No. I think weve agreed for the necessity for it, but timing and how it all is going to work and all that is yet to be determined.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And at Bakken, at 200,000 barrel per day of the peak, many years that you can sustain based on the [full rigs]?
Greg Hill: 4 to 5.
Paul Cheng: 4 to 5 rigs. I mean how many years [indiscernible]?
Greg Hill: Based on what we know today. I mean 4 rigs, but 4 to 5 years at a peak, you know obviously based on what we know today, you know completion technology could get better. I mean theres lots of things that could get better that could extend that?
Paul Cheng: But the current base on what you know today the resource is 4 years to 5 years on that?
Greg Hill: Right. Thats roughly 200,000 barrel a day peak. At a 4-rig level, so let me be clear about that?
Paul Cheng: Yes. John Rielly on the Midstream, can you tell us what is the expected CapEx for 2019 and 2020?
John Rielly: For 2019, the Midstream has put out its guidance. Its 275 million to 300 million of CapEx for Midstream. There is some small amounts that are in that Midstream related to water assets, because you know the water asset sale is expected to close in the first quarter. Thats approximately 25 million to 30 million on top of that, but thats the gross amount that I was giving you.
Paul Cheng: Okay. How about 2020, any kind of rough number?
John Rielly: No. We don't have guidance out on that. So, again, it will depend all on our plans, as well as any potential third-party opportunities that the Midstream has.
Paul Cheng: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ross Payne of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ross Payne: How are you doing guys? Obviously, Venezuela got involved with Exxons exploration ship on the very western part of the Guyana border, can you give us an update on when you think that will be resolved through the UN? Thank you.
John Hess: Drilling and development operations in offshore Guyana are unaffected by the incident that involved the seismic acquisition vessels on Saturday, December 22 when the vessels were approached by the Venezuelan Navy. The area where the incident occurred is more than 110 kilometers from the Ranger discovery, the closest of our 10 oil discoveries, and approximately 190 kilometers from the Liza development area. So, the point is, our drilling and development operations in offshore Guyana are unaffected by that incident. And I think its also important to know that exploration and development drilling is continuing in the Southeast area of the Stabroek Block. Greg just talked about that. The activities related to Liza Phase 1 development, which is expected to be producing up to 120,000 barrels oil a day in early 2020 also unaffected. And in terms of where it goes from here, it will be going to an international court. The UN fully supports Guyanese position. The United States supports the Guyanese position, as well as the CARICOM. So, this is an issue that is diplomatic that will have to be handled through the court, but at the end of the day we're very optimistic and encouraged that the Guyanese position will prevail.
Ross Payne: Okay, thank you very much. One more question on the Bakken, can you, it sounds like you can get about 70% of your barrels to the Gulf, what percentage is pipeline versus rail and is that mix going to change at all in 2019 or 2020?
John Hess: So, what we have right now is approximately 50,000 barrels a day that goes on DAPL. So that can get to Patoka, it can get to [Netherland], you can export from there. Then we have approximately from the rail that can go east, west or Gulf Coast. You've got like 25,000 to 30,000 barrels a day on rail that we can move. So that's basically how we get to the Gulf  to the various coasts and get the Brent-link pricing.  And we will  there are multiple potential expansions going out such as DAPL and we'll continue to look to keep that competitive advantage as our Bakken production grows to again access more of those Gulf  I keep saying Gulf, but coast pricing to get Brent-link pricing on our crude. So, we are looking at some of these expansions such as DAPL.
Greg Hill: So, you looked at the future of the majority of our movements to market our Bakken crude will be through pipeline and the rail will be there for flex.
Ross Payne: Okay, perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Pavel Molkanov of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Pavel Molkanov: Thanks for taking the question guys. Back to the general topic of takeaway capacity in the Bakken, any issues with gas flaring or anything around those lines that are facing constraints as you continue to ramp volumes?
John Hess: No, we don't anticipate any gas flaring restrictions as we ramp our volumes. We have adequate capacity in place.
Pavel Molkanov: Okay. And then just a quick one on buyback, having completed the previous authorization in Q4 as you mentioned is it fair to say that no additional buyback is envisioned as part of the 2019 capital allocation?
Greg Hill: Our first second and third priority is to maintain a strong cash and balance sheet position, ample liquidity to ensure that we can fund our world-class investment opportunities in Guyana and the Bakken without the need for further debt or equity financing by the way. As we transition from our investment phase and our portfolio begins to generate recurring free cash flow, and you go forward in time out to 2025. We plan to return the majority of that free cash flow to shareholders through higher dividends and opportunistic share repurchases.
Pavel Molkanov: Alright. Very good, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from the line of John Herrlin of Societie Generale. Your line is open.
John Herrlin: Hi, just some unrelated ones. With reserve additions this year you said they were primarily Bakken where most of the addition is extensions Greg?
Greg Hill: It was actually a mixture John of extensions and add. So, generally with the ads you're going to get the extra year in the five-year program, so were going to get those ads. Then you get some of these technical ones where you could have had in a program well A, in the previous year and now well A, is out, you got well B, so you get ads versus revisions, but you do get the additional year of the pods and then you get some revisions pick up. The prices were higher, so you do pick up some revisions from that as well.
John Herrlin: Okay. Would you ever consider discussing your captive resource base given the fact that reserve additions are going to be lagged in Guyana and its so large and you do have other resource potential elsewhere because it's not something you frequently discuss?
John Rielly: No. We don't  we typically don't discuss this like the 6P type resource number, but what we do and as we laid out on Investor Day and Exxon has laid out that we do have greater than 5 billion barrels growth in Guyana. Obviously, we have a 30% working interest. So, people can get the scale of that and as I mentioned we only have 40 million of that booked right now. And then in the Bakken, obviously with our 15-year well inventory that we have with greater than 50% returns and then we have obviously an inventory of well locations beyond that. So, that's how we give that flavor because to your point, we do believe we have a real good competitive advantage with our backlog, our resources and reserve position.
GregHill: Greg. And the estimated EUR in the Bakken is somewhere around 2.3 billion barrels there as well.
John Herrlin: Thanks, Greg. Since, John was answering a lot of the questions, where do you capitalize on this year in terms of interest expense for 2019?
GregHill: John, I'm going have to dig that one out.
John Herrlin: We can do it off-line thats fine.
GregHill: Yes, maybe I can get back to you off-line on exactly what that is.
John Herrlin: Yes. That's fine. And then the last one for me as for 2018 costs incurred. Could you give us a sense of what was exploration? What was development?
John Hess: So, from our cost incurred standpoint in 2018. Our exploration spend was $440 million.
John Herrlin: Okay, great. Thanks.
John Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp. John B. Hess - Hess Corp. Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp. John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.
Analysts: Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2018 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Gigi and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp.: Thank you. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. Now, as usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will provide a strategy update, Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance, and John Rielly will review our financial results. We delivered another strong quarter of execution with higher production and guidance and lower unit costs and guidance while keeping capital and exploratory expenditures flat with guidance for the year and generating a profit for the quarter. We continue to execute our strategy to deliver capital-efficient growth in our resources and production, investing in the highest return projects to move down the cost curve and be profitable in a lower price environment, with increasing cash generation and returns to shareholders. Fundamental to this strategy is our focused high-return portfolio with Guyana and the Bakken as our growth engines where we plan to invest about 75% of our capital and exploratory expenditures over the next five years, and Malaysia and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico as our cash engines. Pro forma for our asset sales, our high-graded portfolio is on track to deliver capital-efficient compound annual production growth of approximately 10% through 2023 while driving cash unit costs down approximately 30% to less than $10 per BOE over the same period. The combination of growth and margin expansion is expected to drive compound annual cash flow growth of approximately 25% through 2023 at a $60 per barrel Brent oil price. An integral part of our strategy is maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity position to ensure we have the financial capacity to fund our world-class investment opportunity in Guyana and maintain our investment grade credit rating. Our position in Guyana is truly world-class in every respect and transformational for our company. As of June, gross discovered recoverable resources for the Stabroek Block where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator have grown and are estimated to be more than 4 billion barrels of oil equivalent with multi-billion barrels of additional exploration potential. In late August, we announced a ninth oil discovery on the block at the Hammerhead-1 well located approximately 13 miles southwest of the Liza-1 well, proving a new play concept for potential development. This month, a second exploration vessel, the Noble Tom Madden, arrived to accelerate exploration and appraisal activities on the block, starting with the Pluma prospect located 17 miles south of Turbot where we expect to spud in early November. The Liza Phase 1 development which was sanctioned in June of last year is well-advanced with first production of gross 120,000 barrels of oil per day expected by early 2020. Phase 2 development with gross production of 220,000 barrels of oil per day is on track for startup by mid-2022. A third phase of development at the Payara Field is expected to have a gross production capacity of approximately 180,000 barrels of oil per day with first production in 2023. We now see the potential to produce on a gross basis more than 750,000 barrels of oil per day by 2025 with industry-leading returns and cost metrics. Also key to our strategy is the Bakken where we have a premier acreage position and a robust inventory of high-return drilling locations with a significant infrastructure advantage. During the quarter we continued testing limited entry plug-and-perf completions and higher proppant loadings, and initial results are encouraging. In September we added a sixth rig and we expect to generate capital-efficient production growth of 15% to 20% per year through 2021 along with a meaningful increase in free cash flow generation over this period. Now, turning to our financial results. In the third quarter we had net income of $52 million or $0.14 per share compared to a net loss of $624 million or $2.02 per share in the year ago quarter. On an adjusted basis, net income was $123 million or $0.38 per common share compared with an adjusted net loss of $324 million or $1.07 per common share in the third quarter of 2017. Compared to 2017, our improved third quarter financial results primarily reflect higher realized crude oil selling prices combined with lower operating costs and DD&A expense. We had a strong operating performance across our portfolio. Third quarter production was above the high end of our guidance range, averaging 279,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Net production from Libya was 18,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter. For full year 2018, we expect production to average approximately 255,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, at the top end of our previous guidance of 245,000 to 255,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the fourth quarter, production is expected to average approximately 265,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Third quarter net production in the Bakken averaged 118,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 103,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year ago quarter. For the full year 2018, we continue to forecast that Bakken net production will average between 115,000 and 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In summary, our reshaped portfolio is positioned to deliver a decade plus of capital efficient production growth with increasing cash generation and returns to shareholders. We look forward to providing a further update at our upcoming Investor Day on Wednesday, December 12 in Houston. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an update of our operational performance for the quarter as we continue to execute our strategy. In the third quarter, company-wide production averaged 279,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. This was nearly 10% above the midpoint of our guidance range of 250,000 to 260,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day for the quarter and reflects strong performance across our portfolio. In the Bakken, production averaged 118,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, in line with our guidance for the quarter, and we drilled 34 wells and brought 29 new wells online. Consistent with previous guidance, we added a sixth Bakken rig and a third frac spread in the third quarter. For the fourth quarter, we forecast Bakken net production will increase to approximately 125,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day; and we expect to drill approximately 35 wells and bring 31 wells online, bringing the total for full year 2018 to 120 wells drilled and 100 new wells brought online. Average IP 180 for the year, which will be dominated by our 60-stage sliding sleeve completion design, is expected to exceed 125,000 barrels of oil, an increase of approximately 15% from full year 2017. We are also seeing encouraging results from our transition to limited entry plug-and-perf completions. Of the 100 gross operated wells we now expect to bring online this year, approximately 30 are planned to be plug-and-perf. We'll provide further details regarding these new high-intensity completions at our Investor Day in December. On August 31 we closed on the sale of our JV interests in the Utica shale play to Ascent Resources for approximately $400 million. As a result of the sale, fourth quarter net production will be reduced by approximately 10,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day relative to the third quarter. Turning to the Gulf of Mexico. Net production came in well above guidance at 71,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting the return of production from the Conger Field in July, minimal weather-related downtime, and strong operating performance across all assets. As a result, we are raising our full year guidance to approximately 55,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the fourth quarter, we forecast Gulf of Mexico production to average approximately 65,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day which includes 6,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day of planned downtime primarily associated with an inspection of one of the risers at the Conger Field. Now moving to the Gulf of Thailand. Production from our Asian assets averaged 68,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day during the third quarter. At the joint development area in which Hess has a 50% interest, production averaged 37,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter. Production is forecast to average approximately 36,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day over the full year 2018. At the North Malay Basin, where Hess holds a 50% interest and is operator, production averaged 31,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter which came in higher than expected due to a one-time rebalancing of entitlement volumes. Production is forecast to average approximately 26,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2018. Company-wide, we forecast fourth quarter production to be approximately 265,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Strong year-to-date performance across our portfolio enables us to raise our full year guidance to approximately 255,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day which is at the upper end of our previous guidance range of 245,000 to 255,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day despite the loss of volumes associated with the sale of our Utica assets. Now turning to Exploration. In August we announced our ninth discovery, Hammerhead, on the Stabroek Block offshore Guyana in which Hess holds a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator. The well, which is located about 13 miles southwest of the Liza-1 discovery well, encountered 197 feet of high-quality, oil-bearing Miocene age sandstone reservoir, opening up a new play type. We recently completed a successful flow test and further appraisal activities are planned. The Stenna Carron rig will now go to Las Palmas in the Canary Islands in Spain for recertification and is expected to return to the block in late December when we plan to spud a well on the upper Cretaceous Amara prospect located 24 miles southeast of the Turbot discovery. A second exploration vessel, the Noble Tom Madden drillship, has arrived in theater and is scheduled to spud a well on the Pluma prospect in early November. The well location is approximately 16 miles south of Turbot and will also target upper Cretaceous reservoirs on trend with the Turbot and Longtail discoveries. In Suriname, Kosmos announced earlier this month that the Pontoenoe well on Block 42 in which Hess has a one-third interest failed to encounter commercial hydrocarbons and the well was expensed in the third quarter. The partners are studying the results of the well and will reprocess seismic to improve our understanding of the subsurface and regional geology. We continue to see multiple additional large prospects on the block which are independent from Pontoenoe and will be tested in 2020. In Canada, offshore Nova Scotia, BP continues drilling the Aspy play test well targeting a large subsalt structure analogous to those found in the Gulf of Mexico. Moving to Guyana developments, Liza Phase 1 sanctioned in June 2017 remains on track for first oil by 2020 with a nameplate capacity of 120,000 barrels of oil per day. Liza Phase 2 is also on track for first oil by mid-2022 with a nameplate capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day. And finally, Phase 3 is currently in feed with first oil expected in 2023. The operator is focused on maximizing value through rapid, phased developments and accelerated exploration plans. In closing, we have once again demonstrated strong execution and delivery and we are well-positioned to deliver significant value to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today I will compare results from the third quarter of 2018 to the second quarter of 2018. For the third quarter of 2018 we had net income of $52 million compared with a net loss of $130 million in the second quarter of 2018. On an adjusted basis which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, we had net income of $123 million in the third quarter of 2018 compared with a net loss of $56 million in the previous quarter. Turning to E&P. On an adjusted basis, E&P net income was $203 million in the third quarter of 2018 compared to $21 million in the second quarter of 2018. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P earnings between the third quarter and second quarter of 2018 were as follows. Higher sales volumes increased earnings by $146 million. Higher realized selling prices increased earnings by $65 million. Lower cash costs increased earnings by $12 million. Higher DD&A expense reduced earnings by $39 million. Higher exploration expense reduced earnings by $13 million. All other items increased earnings by $11 million for an overall increase in third quarter earnings of $182 million. Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $30 million in both the third and second quarter of 2018. Midstream EBITDA before the non-controlling interest amounted to $130 million in the third quarter compared to $126 million in the previous quarter. For corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $122 million in the third quarter of 2018 compared to $191 million in the second quarter of 2018. After-tax adjusted corporate and interest expenses were $110 million in the third quarter of 2018 compared to $107 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position. Excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $2.6 billion, total liquidity was $7 billion including available committed credit facilities, and debt was $5.7 billion at September 30, 2018. Cash flow from operations before working capital changes and items affecting comparability was $738 million in the third quarter while cash expenditures for capital and investments were $566 million in the quarter. Changes in working capital reduced cash flows from operating activities by $258 million in the third quarter, reflecting premiums paid of $105 million on WTI crude oil hedging contracts for calendar 2019 and a payment of $84 million related to previously accrued legal claims associated with our former downstream interest. For calendar 2019, we have purchased WTI put options with a notional amount of 95,000 barrels of oil per day that have a monthly floor price of $60 per barrel. In the third quarter we completed the sale of our joint venture interest in the Utica shale play for a net cash consideration of approximately $400 million. We also entered into a sale and leaseback agreement for a floating, storage and offloading vessel to handle produced condensate at our North Malay Basin project and received net proceeds of approximately $130 million. The gross lease obligation is reported as debt on our balance sheet and we will recover our partner share through future joint interest billings over the lease term. In the third quarter we purchased $250 million of common stock, bringing total share repurchases under our previously announced $1.5 billion stock repurchase program to $1.25 billion. We plan to purchase the remaining $250 million in the fourth quarter. Now turning to guidance. For E&P, in the third quarter our E&P cash costs were $11.41 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya, and $11.87 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya, which beat guidance on strong production and lower costs. On a pro forma basis, excluding Libya and Utica which was sold in August, cash costs in the third quarter were $12.20 per barrel of oil equivalent. We project cash costs for E&P operations, excluding Libya, in the fourth quarter to be in the range of $12.50 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent which includes planned maintenance costs at the Conger Field in the Gulf of Mexico. Full year 2018 cash costs are expected to be $12.50 to $13.50 per barrel of oil equivalent which is down from previous guidance of $13 to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent. DD&A expense in the third quarter was $16.14 per barrel of oil equivalent, including Libya, and $17.03 per barrel of oil equivalent, excluding Libya, which was below guidance. On a pro forma basis, excluding Libya and Utica, unit DD&A rates in the third quarter were $17.68 per barrel of oil equivalent. DD&A expense, excluding Libya, is forecast to be in the range of $18 to $19 per barrel of oil equivalent in the fourth quarter of 2018, and full year DD&A expense is projected to be $17 to $18 per barrel of oil equivalent which is down from previous guidance of $18 to $19 per barrel of oil equivalent. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs, excluding Libya, of $30.50 to $32.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter and $29.50 to $31.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2018. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $55 million to $65 million in the fourth quarter with full year guidance expected to be in the range of $190 million to $200 million which is in the lower end of our previous guidance. The midstream tariff is projected to be approximately $170 million for the fourth quarter and approximately $655 million for the full year of 2018 which is up from previous guidance of approximately $635 million to $650 million. The E&P effective tax rate, excluding Libya, is expected to be a benefit in the range of 0% to 4% for the fourth quarter. The full year effective tax rate is expected to be a benefit in the range of 7% to 11% which is updated from the previous guidance of a benefit in the range of 16% to 20%. For full year 2018, our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures guidance remains unchanged at $2.1 billion. Our 2018 crude oil hedge positions remain unchanged. We have $50 WTI put option contracts on a notional 115,000 barrels per day for the remainder of the year. We expect amortization of the premiums on these hedge contracts will reduce our financial results by approximately $50 million in the fourth quarter. For calendar 2019, we have purchased $60 WTI put option contracts with a notional amount of 95,000 barrels of oil per day for $116 million. We expect amortization of the calendar 2019 option premiums will reduce our financial results by approximately $29 million per quarter in 2019. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be approximately $30 million in the fourth quarter with the full year guidance of approximately $115 million remaining unchanged. For corporate, for the fourth quarter of 2018 corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million and for the full year guidance to be in the range of $100 million to $105 million which is in the lower end of our previous guidance. Interest expenses are estimated to be approximately $85 million in the fourth quarter and approximately $340 million for the full year of 2018 which is also at the low end of our previous guidance. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Bob Morris from Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Nice quarter, John.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Greg, on the Bakken you've got 35 wells still to drill here in the fourth quarter. Looks like you've added five plug-and-perf wells in the slate. Where are those wells spread out between the four different areas in Q4 and where are you primarily drilling the plug-and-perf wells between Keene, Stony Creek, East Nesson, and Capa?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, they're actually spread out in a number of areas across the field. I don't have the actual well numbers in front of me but it's really spread out over our whole position.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. I didn't know if there was one area that sort of was left for the year end. So in the...
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: ...sixth rig that you just added, where was that put? What area?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: That was put in the core.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: In Keene or Stony Creek?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, it was put in East Nesson.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: East Nesson? Okay. And then I was going to ask about the continued outperformance at Stony Creek and Keene but I guess you'll give us an update on all that here in December.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: I will absolutely at Investor Day.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, great. That's all I had for now. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Morning.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I wonder if I could hit a couple of questions on exploration in Guyana to start off. Greg, I realize that Guyana is probably going to be a focus on December 12, but I just wonder if you could touch on the visibility you have today. I want to reflect on comments you made back in August about potentially fast-tracking Hammerhead. That's not in the 750,000 barrels a day or the more than 750,000 barrels a day as I understand it. And similarly, the latest thoughts on the scale of Payara/Liza-3, and I've got a follow-up, please.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Okay, Doug. Well, first of all, Hammerhead, we just completed it at DST. Couple comments on Hammerhead to start. This is a massive accumulation. A very thick sand package. In fact, it's the thickest single sand package that we drilled on the block. It's a very large structure so it's going to require some additional appraisal. What we can say is that the results of the DST were good, meaning that the reservoir quality is excellent and the reservoir seems to be well-connected. You're right to say that Hammerhead's accretive to the 4 billion barrels and it could jump the queue in terms of being ahead of some of the other phases that were on the Turbot cluster, but it's too early to say that because we need some additional appraisal before we make that final decision. But, again, it is accretive to the 4 billion barrels. On the Payara cluster, as you mentioned, we're in feed. Right now, the vessel is sized at 180,000 barrels a day but that's still under discussion and will be part of the final project sanction towards the end of 2018.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you for that, Greg. And my follow-up on Guyana, if I may, is the exploration program. You mentioned the Amara prospect. I just want to be clear. Did that have another name? Was that Escolar (00:29:30) or is that something different? And if you could just give us an idea of where Ranger now fits in the queue because my understanding was (29:39) was going to go back to a Ranger appraisal at some point.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, Doug, you have a great memory. Amara is actually Escolar (00:29:48) or used to be called Escolar (00:29:49). Regarding the sequence of exploration and appraisal next year, that's still under discussion with the operator. We'll let you know once we get our budget finalized in 2019, but Ranger will be one of the things in the queue in 2019 obviously. But we've got some Hammerhead appraisal we want to do; there's some more work that we want to do in the Turbot area, so all that sequence is still being worked out.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Last one for me if I may, guys, is for the two Johns. And John Hess, I realize you've made your thoughts on share buybacks quite clear, but I guess I'm looking at the strength of the cash flow this quarter, the underlying cash flow. The demonstrable part of the portfolio obviously in this environment is pretty punchy. What is the right level of cash to carry on the balance sheet? And what's at the back of my mind really is you've got your preference issue maturing next year. I'm just wondering if there's a potential offsetting buyback that could dilute that or offset that dilution we're going to see next year, and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Doug, as you know, we are currently purchasing our stock under our current program. We constantly assess our allocation of capital. And as you know, we have been a leader among our peers in return of capital so we will continue to balance investing in our highest-return projects and returning capital to shareholders. That's our investment proposition and that's the path we've been following and we will continue to follow.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great stuff. Appreciate the answers, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Bob Brackett from Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Good morning. I understand you're probably not willing to talk too much about the 2019 program, but can you talk about the planning process and how you balance oil price uncertainty against the capital program and against building free cash flow?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure, Bob. So the first thing as you heard that we were looking at, we've always looked at 2019 again as with our bridge to Guyana coming in 2020 and we know we're investing in Phase 1 and now you know we're going to be also investing in Phase 2 and others, that the first thing we did, we put the 95,000 barrels a day of WTI put options in place. So watching oil volatility, we made sure we put a floor on that price for us for a good part of our production to ensure that we have that base cash flow. So we will, as you said, we'll be talking a lot more about this later on in our Investor Day. But while our budgeting process is underway, we're really excited about our capital and exploratory expenditure program through 2025. We think it's distinctive kind of as John Hess talked about earlier, that it'll deliver capital-efficient production growth that generates significant free cash flow over the period. So just to be high level, talking about the activity levels that Greg was discussing, our 2019 budget will be closer to $3 billion. But it's important to note that all that incremental spend between 2018 and 2019 will be targeted, in our view, to the highest-return investments in the E&P business, and that's our Bakken and Guyana assets. And then just going longer-term, and again we'll give more detail on this, but maintaining our disciplined capital allocation, we currently expect capital and exploratory expenditures to average approximately $3 billion per year through 2025 and the portfolio to be cash-generative post-2020. And I would tell you, for now what we're looking at from a planning assumption case is using a $60 WTI and a $65 Brent. But, again, we'll provide more information later on in our Investor Day in December but, again, really excited about that. Just specifically because Greg had mentioned it, what's going on in the Bakken, it's basically that incremental spend is almost half and half between the Bakken and Guyana. So in the Bakken we're going to be operating six rigs, that's 30% higher rig count than 2018, and right now probably approximately 50% more wells online in 2019 than 2018. So the vast majority also of those wells in 2019 are expected to be the higher-intensity plug-and-perf completions which currently carry an incremental cost of about $1.5 million per well versus our previous sliding sleeve design. But these wells are expected to deliver increases in both IP, rates, and more significantly in NPV. So it'll result in our Bakken production exceeding our previous guidance of 175,000 barrels per day by 2021. Then in Guyana, we have the peak spend on Phase 1 in 2019. From our previous sanctioned release in 2019, it was about an $80 million increase in 2019 for Phase 1. And now you're going to see the commencement of spending for Phase 2. And remember, Phase 1, the initial year was $110 million so Phase 2 is obviously bigger than Phase 1, so you're going to see a little more spending for that. As well now feed costs for FPSOs 3 and 4 most likely and we are bringing the additional drill ship in, the Noble Tom Madden for next year. So that's kind of just high level. We'll go into more detail on it. But, again, from our overall program we're going to be generating significant free cash flow over the period because of these investments in Bakken and Guyana.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great, appreciate the color. A quick follow-up. Adding that second exploration rig to Guyana, can you talk about how many wells you can get down in 2019 and how you'd split those across exploration of brand new concepts, exploration across the proven concepts, and then kind of appraisal/development?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, Bob, obviously it depends on what we find as we continue to explore the block. Again, that whole sequence hasn't been lined out yet with the operator but we know that we want to do some more appraisal in Hammerhead, so there will be some more there. We know we've got some more exploration/appraisal around Turbot. We know that we've got appraisal at Ranger. We know that we're going to drill this Hamira (00:36:28) well which could lead to more appraisal. And in addition to that, we have 20 additional prospects and leads that we'd like to drill on the block. So it's going to be a mix of exploration and appraisal and it really depends upon what we find as to how much appraisal we need. So we'll give you more color when we do our budget for 2019.
Robert Alan Brackett - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: As we try to figure out the cash flow piece of the equation for next year, and we look specifically at the Gulf of Mexico where there was a nice step-up in production and it seems like maybe you're free and clear of some of the issues over the last year and a half, is 70,000 barrels a day or BOE a day the new normal when there's no downtime and how do you think about a more sustainable run rate of production and then the CapEx required to keep it there?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So what we've always said in the Gulf of Mexico is that kind of 65,000 barrels a day is a level of production that we can maintain here for several years because of the tieback opportunities that we have. So in 2019 we do have two rigs contracted, right, so we'll be completing the drilling and stampede with those two rigs. And then we talked about between signs of kind of like $100 million and $150 million that we spend every year just to do some tieback opportunities and hold that Gulf of Mexico production right around 65,000 barrels per day.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it, thank you. And then shifting to the Bakken, and I guess obviously we'll get more details shortly here in December, but to follow-up on the points you just made on the closer to $3 billion in 2019 CapEx overall, can you talk more on the Bakken specifically in terms of rig adds and then also expectations for well productivity/intensity and then also takeaway?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Okay. Let me let me take the first two and then John can talk about the takeaway. Certainly, our plan for next year is to hold six rigs flat. So we added that sixth rig in the third quarter and our plan is just to hold the rig count at six. As I mentioned, we're transitioning to a plug-and-perf completion, so that'll be a 10 million pound per well proppant loading that was confirmed as the optimum in the Bakken study. Just a few words about the Bakken study. Remember, that was an independent third party look that examined over 10,000 wells, both ours and our competitors, and the study confirmed a couple things. First of all, it confirmed that our use of sliding sleeves and tight spacing during the downturn maximized DSU NPV which has always been our objective, and then secondly that the transition to plug-and-perf in 2018 as a result of improving technology and lower costs in that space is the right strategy to deliver more value going forward. And as John Rielly mentioned previously, the cost of those wells currently right now is running about $7.5 million per well, so about $1.5 million above the sliding sleeve completion. However, just as we did with the sliding sleeves, we begin to apply lean manufacturing to that process and we're reasonably confident that we can bring those well costs down over time as we apply lean manufacturing. But we will transition to that design over the remainder of 2018 and into 2019 on plug-and-perf. And, again, we'll give more color on that in our Investor Day in December.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. And, Brian, fair question. In terms of takeaway, our company does not have an issue in terms of takeaway capacity from the Bakken because of the pre-investment we've done to have access to multiple export markets, and that flexibility really positions us well to maximize the value of our sales netbacks. The recent widening in the Clearbrook differential began with October trading and is primarily the result of unusually high Mid-Continent refinery maintenance, not a takeaway issue, where that maintenance shut in more than 1 million barrels per day of refinery capacity. We expect this refinery demand to return in December with differentials narrowing towards historical levels. And our strategy of having these multiple export markets to maximize the value of our sales netbacks, recently in June when Clearbrook was a premium, was about $1 over WTI, we were actually maxing sales into the Clearbrook market. And in the current market, we are currently delivering about 70% of our crude to export markets where we receive Brent-based pricing which is about $6 over WTI. And in terms of the future, we're well-positioned now but we will continue to look at potential pipeline expansions as they may occur and may add additional firm transportation in the future to further optimize our marketing efforts.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Michael Hall from Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is now open.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks. Good morning. Just curious on the comment on the Williston and the new plug-and-perf-focused program being able to deliver higher peak volumes relative to the prior 175 MBOE a day that you all had discussed. Any willingness to talk about what that new peak looks like and how long you can hold it? What sort of rig and annual completion cadence is required to do that?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, we will talk about that at our Investor Day in December. But you're right. The peak is going to go up. Our current plan on the Bakken which, again, we'll cover on Investor Day is to take it to that new peak level, drop the rigs to four, and then hold it at that new peak level for a number of years. And, yeah, at that point the Bakken becomes a massive cash generator for the company, so cash flow will be significantly up in the Bakken. So as John Rielly mentioned, post-2020 you really have all of our assets generating free cash, significant amounts of free cash flow. And then of course, in 2022 when Phase 2 comes on, then Guyana becomes a major cash flow-generating asset. So you'll have all four assets generating significant amounts of cash when Phase 2 comes on.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay, that's helpful. How about how long you can hold that peak? Any commentary there at this point?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: We'll, again, talk about that in December but it will be multiple years.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. And then I guess maybe just on Suriname. Any additional color or commentary on what you guys have learned here post-mortem on the initial test? And it sounds like additional activity is not planned until 2020, but any spending that we should expect in 2019 as it relates to that asset?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: I think first of all, the Pontoenoe well encountered 63 meters of really high-quality reservoir. Unfortunately it was wet, but now we're taking all that data from the well and we're going to recalibrate the seismic, rerun all the seismic, and that'll help inform future exploration in Suriname. But despite the dry hole, we still believe the block has significant resource potential as there's multiple play types on the block. So as you mentioned, current thinking is we won't get back to drilling until 2020 on the block and give us a good amount of time to reprocess things and understand what we saw.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay, great. That's helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Ajun (sic) [Arun] (00:45:43), your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: John, appreciate your comments on the Bakken takeaway where I think you are better positioned than your peers given your 50,000 barrels per day or so on DAPL, et cetera, and I think you only sell about 20% in the local markets today. My question is as we think about the incremental barrel that you produce in the Bakken, in our model we have you going from the mid-70s in oil to the low 90s in oil. So for those incremental barrels, where would you be selling those? Would they be on rail, et cetera? So just trying to understand what kind of diffs you could see on the incremental barrels that you're producing next year.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good question, Arun. Our plan would be to continue to access Brent-based pricing between pipeline deliveries to the Gulf Coast and also rail deliveries either to the Gulf Coast, East Coast or West Coast.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Got it. And that's based on rail capacity that you have today or one or...?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yes. Yeah, we're positioned for this now. And we'll also look at, as I said, potential pipeline expansions and may add additional firm transportation on those to ensure that we continue to optimize our differentials by getting access to offshore Brent-based pricing.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And I understand you guys are going to leave quite a bit for the Bakken for the December update. But the plan as I understand is to do about 50% more POPs are tied in line in the Bakken in 2019. Is that correct, like 150 wells or so?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes. Yes, you can make that assumption there with the six rigs at right around 150 and maybe a little bit more.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And my final question is, John, you mentioned that CapEx could approach $3 billion or so in 2019. Is that just in the E&P level or does that include with the consolidation of the Midstream the Midstream piece of that as well? Or if you could separate the two, that would be helpful.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: That's the E&P portion and includes the spend for exploration as well. So that's just that E&P, yeah.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Morning.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Two quick questions. John, on the well capacity, can you tell us how much you plan to ship from Bakken in the fourth quarter? And also, we've heard from people saying that the well operator that they are unwilling to increase the (00:48:35) unless you are willing to sign multiple year contract. Is that what you, guys, are seeing?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: In terms of takeaway capacity, right now, I mentioned it before, it's about 70% of our crude is going to export markets where we can receive Brent-based spot pricing, most of it on DAPL, out to Nederland, and then some to both the East Coast and West Coast via train. And in terms of going forward, there are multiple pipeline expansion opportunities. We're looking at them and the terms and conditions of those vary.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Can you share with us that? I mean, how much is the cost for you to move from Bakken to the East Coast if you're going to (00:49:25)?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Well, I tell you, what I would say is going down south to Nederland is about $7. And train's a little bit higher than that, West Coast being closer to that number, East Coast being a little higher.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Read, Read, whatever it needs to be today I guess. Good morning, guys.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: How you doing?
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Doing all right, thanks. Just one thing I'd like to follow up on on the CapEx side, the move from kind of $2.1 billion, $2.2 billion this year to $3 billion overall. You mention kind of half between the Bakken and half between Guyana. Since we had obviously a little spending on Utica and maybe some other places this year, kind of what's the right increment? Is that to think about it as $900 million and $450 million, $450 million or it's a larger number as the starting point is slightly different? And then maybe other way to think about it is does exploration spending go up from here relative to what we've seen which I would think has to happen given a second rig in Guyana and then potential in 2020 to restart in Suriname? So maybe just a little clarity on that if you could.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So first, outside like you said Utica or assets like that, we were not spending much capital in 2018 on that. So the base that you should start with is the $2.1 billion because our capital guidance remains unchanged, and so then moving up, I'd say, going to that, closer to $3 billion. There's a little bit more going to Bakken than Guyana. And if you can just  I'll do some simple math for you. Bakken guidance was approximately $900 million for this year. We're about at 4.75 rigs and we're going to six rigs for the full year. On average we're 4.75 rigs. Just do the math on that, you'll get about $240 million just with everything being exactly the same. Then as Greg and I had mentioned, the current plug-and-perf wells are approximately $1.5 million higher. We're going to be drilling a lot more of them next year than we did this year. So just simply, if you took that 150 times $1.5 million, put our working interests around 80% or so in it, you can kind of see how you're getting to the numbers there in the Bakken. So it's simply like that. And then Guyana, it's exactly what I talked about before. It's just the additional drill ship. That factors in for exploration. So when I was talking about Guyana, that included this additional exploration spend from that additional drill ship.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. And, Roger, just again to, I'd say, reemphasize the point that John made earlier, the increment in CapEx is going to very high-return projects, the increment being probably in the range of 30% to 50% IRRs, very quick paybacks. While next year we'll ramp up in CapEx, we should start becoming cash flow-positive in a $60 WTI, $65 Brent world. In 2020, covering the CapEx and dividend, we should become cash flow-generative there. And then the outlook going past that, and we'll go over this at Investor Day, is that CapEx going forward probably is going to be in the range of $3 billion, holding flat out to 2025. So our portfolio becomes very cash-generative, putting us in a great position to balance investing in the business in the high returns going forward and also returning capital to our shareholders.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: That's great clarity. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeffrey Campbell from Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Morning.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: I wanted to just ask a quick question regarding the expectations for the Pluma exploration well that you mentioned in the press release. And I'm really asking this because I'm trying to get some sort of a feel for how the hubs are going to develop. If it was successful, would it more likely be a tie-in to Turbot or could it potentially support stand-alone production?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, I think it'll be part of that what we call the greater Turbot complex. We're really trying to define that to understand how many vessels it's going to take to evacuate that, right, that area. There's a lot of accumulations there that we want to get a drill bit in.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. No, that's helpful. Thank you. And I just wanted a quick question, just a little color on the improved Bakken well performance that was mentioned in the press release. I was just wondering is there anything new going on at the completion candidate or was this just an example of exceeding prior expectations?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, I think it's just continuous improvement in completion practices. That number that I gave you is primarily dominated by sliding sleeves fleet. So recall this year we increased the proppant loading in our 60-stage sliding sleeves to 140,000 pounds per stage, so that's about 8.4 million pounds on the sliding sleeve. So primarily that number I gave you reflects that increase in proppant in sliding sleeves. In addition to that, we're also transitioning to plug-and-perf. And based on the results of the Bakken study and some of the very preliminary results that we got from our early plug-and-perf trials, that move to 10 million pounds is going to be very value-accretive. So we'll give you some more color on that in December but that'll be to  the first jump was sliding sleeve move, the next jump will be plug-and-perf, and you'll get an increment on each of those.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, great. Yeah, that's very helpful and I look forward to the Analyst Day in December. Thank you.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey from Mizuho. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Hi everyone.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Hi.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Actually, John Hess just hit the nail on the head I was going to ask about the run rate of CapEx given next year's number, but you clearly answered that one so thank you there. Maybe I could ask on DD&A coming down. Could you give the outlook for that dynamic, what caused it to come in below expectations, and what do you think the outlook is there? Thank you.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: And, Paul, before John Rielly answers it, I understand congratulations are in order for your marriage. So I want to get that out first.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: I appreciate that, John. Thank you very much indeed.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Paul, the DD&A in the third quarter, really, the better performance in guidance was due to the production. So what we had was that higher production in the Gulf of Mexico with lower DD&A, and so that's what's driving that third quarter DD&A rate down. And then on a go-forward basis, as we project into the future kind of what John was talking about with always our capital being focused in those high-return Bakken and Guyana assets, we continue to see over this period through 2025 that our DD&A rate will continue to come down, and we'll give more information on that on the Investor Day.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Great. Thank you, gentlemen.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question. It seems like every week now there is a parent company that is taking back and acquiring its MLP. In that context, I thought I would get your thoughts on how committed you are and Global Infrastructure Partners is to maintaining Hess Midstream as a stand-alone public entity.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I mean, it hasn't been that long since we've done the IPO of the Midstream. And the Midstream has been performing fantastically and it's been a great partner for us in this build-out of infrastructure. And as we're going to talk about obviously moving to the plug-and-perf and our increasing production above the 175,000 barrels per day, having that midstream partner, GIP, and Hess Midstream overall will really help us in that. And as John had mentioned before in our takeaway capacity, it's really just in general put us in a great place from a revenue standpoint and a cost standpoint. So where we are with that? I know what you've been talking about. We've been watching that happen in the market but it's early days. We've got plenty of growth left in that public midstream vehicle that we have. We're happy with its performance and expect it to continue to perform well.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: And one question about Guyana that  you'll maybe hold off on this until the Analyst Day, but you're very close to approving Phase 2. You're talking about five total. For a country as small as Guyana, and that has never had an oil industry, are you facing any labor shortages or other kinds of bottlenecks as you're creating essentially a brand new value chain where none has existed before?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. So far there's no issues with labor shortage. Remember, this is an offshore development so the majority of everything is floated in, right, and the work is all done offshore. And I think ExxonMobil as operator has done a great job in maximizing local content where possible.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys. Sorry for lining up again. I just wanted to clarify something on the capital program. So, John Rielly, I know you don't want to give details on the Guyana fiscal contract. But exploration costs on the entire block as I understand it can be recovered from any revenue? Is that still the case? In which case, once you've got first oil what can you say about the cost recovery on the exploration dollars?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: The contract works as the whole block is the ring fence, so all costs can be recovered once production starts. So you are correct in what you said.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And that applies to development dollars on subsequent phases as well?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes, it does.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great stuff, thank you. And just one final quick one on the MLP given that question just got asked. Is your plan still to monetize units on the MLP over time?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: We are committed to the MLP and we don't have the need as Hess to monetize anything right now and neither does GIP because basically the drop-downs from Hess is going to Midstream Partners and we have a multi-year runway where we don't need to do any drop-downs into the MLP, so I just want to be clear. And I also want to be clear that Hess and GIP are committed to the MLP and continuing the growth trajectory and really maximizing value from our investment in the Midstream business.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp. John B. Hess - Hess Corp. Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp. John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.
Analysts: Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc. Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2018 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is James, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp.: Thank you, James. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information which will be provided on our website. Now, as usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will provide a strategy update, Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance, and John Rielly will review our financial results. We continue to make significant progress during the quarter in executing our strategy, to grow our resource base in a capital discipline manner, to move down the cost curve so we are resilient in a low price oil  low oil price environment and be cash generative at a $50 per barrel Brent oil price post-2020. Consistent with this strategy, in June, we announced the sale of our joint venture interest in the Utica for a net cash consideration of approximately $400 million as part of our continued efforts to high grade and focus our portfolio by divesting lower return non-core assets. In addition to the $3.4 billion from our 2017 asset sales, these proceeds are being used to invest in our highest return assets, Guyana, which is one of the industry's largest oil discoveries in more than a decade, and the Bakken, our largest operated asset, where we have more than 500,000 net acres in the core of the play, as well as to fund our previously announced $1.5 billion share repurchase program and reduce debt by $500 million. During the quarter, we announced that we will retain our interest in Denmark where we hold a 61.5% interest in the South Arne field and are the operator. The offers received in a previously announced sale process did not meet our value expectations. Key to our strategy is our position in Guyana; the 6.6 million acre Stabroek Block where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator is a massive world-class resource that is uniquely advantaged by its scale, reservoir quality, cost, rapid cash paybacks and superior financial returns. As such, our first priority is to maintain a strong balance sheet and our investment grade credit rating in order to fund one of the most attractive oil investment opportunities in the world today. Earlier this week, we increased the estimate of gross discovered recoverable resources for the Stabroek Block to more than 4 billion barrels of oil equivalent, up 25% from the previous estimate of 3.2 million barrels of oil equivalent. The increase follows completion of testing at the Liza-5 appraisal well, discoveries at Ranger and Pacora and the incorporation of results from the recent Longtail discovery into the Turbot area evaluation. The Liza Phase-1 development that was sanctioned last June is progressing rapidly with first production of gross 120,000 barrels of oil per day expected by early 2020. Phase 2 of the Liza development, which is targeted for sanction by the end of this year, will use a second FPSO with gross production capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day, start-up for Phase 2 is expected by mid-2022. The Liza-5 well was successfully tested the northern portion of the Liza field along with the giant Payara field will support a third phase of development in Guyana. Planning is underway for this third phase, which is targeted to be sanctioned in 2019 and will use an FPSO vessel designed to produce approximately 180,000 barrels of oil per day with first production as early as 2023. The Longtail discovery established the Turbot Longtail area as a potential development hub for recovery of more than 500 million barrels of oil equivalent. Additional prospects to be drilled in this area could increase this estimate. The total discovery discoveries on the Stabroek Block to date have established the potential for up to five FPSOs producing over 750,000 barrels of oil per day by 2025. There is potential for additional development phases from significant undrilled targets and plans for rapid exploration and appraisal drilling, including at the Ranger discovery. We continue to see multi-billion barrels of additional exploration potential on the Stabroek Block. In April, we extended our acreage position in the prolific Guyana-Suriname Basin by acquiring a 15% participating interest in the Kaieteur Block which is adjacent to the Stabroek Block. The Kaieteur Block is approximately 3.3 million acres or roughly the size of 580 deepwater blocks in the Gulf of Mexico. Also key to our strategy is the Bakken, where we have a premier position and a robust inventory of high return drilling locations. We added a fifth rig in June and plan to add a sixth rig early in the fourth quarter which is expected to generate capital efficient production growth, from an average of 114,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter to 175,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2021 along with a meaningful increase in free cash flow generation over this period. During the quarter, we continued evaluating new completion techniques and initiated a comprehensive study to further maximize the value of this important asset. We plan to provide an update on these initiatives later in the year. Second quarter net production in the Bakken averaged 114,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full year 2018 we continue to forecast that Bakken production will average between 115,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now, turning to our financial results, in the second quarter of 2018 we posted a net loss of $130 million or $0.48 per share down from a net loss of $449 million or $1.46 per share in the year ago quarter. Compared to 2017, our improved second quarter financial results primarily reflect higher realized crude oil selling prices and lower operating costs and DD&A expense, partially offset by lower production volumes primarily due to asset sales. Second quarter production was above the high end of our guidance range, averaging 247,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, driven by strong performance across our portfolio. For full-year 2018, we reaffirm our net production guidance of 245,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 255,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. This guidance includes the loss of production from the sale of our Utica joint venture interests and the benefit from the earlier than planned return of production from the Conger field in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico. In summary we continue to make significant progress in executing our strategy and positioning our company to deliver long (09:09) and superior financial returns to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an update on our operational performance for the quarter as we continue to execute our strategy. In the second quarter, production averaged 240,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. This was above the top end of our guidance range of 235,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day to 245,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day and reflected strong performance across our portfolio. In the Bakken, we delivered another strong quarter despite some despite some curtailments related to heavy rains in June that caused a significant number of road closures. Second quarter Bakken production averaged 114,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the second quarter, we drilled 28 wells and brought 27 wells online. For the full year 2018, we still expect to drill approximately 120 wells and bring 95 wells online. In line with our previous guidance, we have added a fifth rig in the Bakken and plan on adding a sixth rig early in the fourth quarter. We also added a third frac crew early in the third quarter. We continue to see encouraging initial results from our pilot of limited entry plug-and-perf completions. Of the 95 gross operated wells we expect to bring online this year, approximately 25 are planned to be plug-and-perf. In late June, we announced an agreement to sell our JV interests in the Utica Shale play to Ascent Resources. Production from this asset was expected to average 14,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day over 2018 and we expect this transaction to close by the end of the third quarter. In mid-July, Shell brought its Enchilada facility in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico back online which allowed us to restart production from the Conger field. Production from Conger is in the process of ramping back up to its pre shut-in rate of approximately 15,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. Taking these factors into account, we forecast third quarter production to increase to between 250,000 and 260,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. We are maintaining our full year 2018 production guidance range of 245,000 to 255,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, as the earlier than expected return to production of the Conger field is expected to offset the production associated with the sale of our Utica joint venture assets. Both in the third quarter and for the full year 2018, we forecast that Bakken production will average between 115,000 and 120,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. We continue to forecast steady Bakken production growth to approximately 175,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2021 assuming a six-rig program. Now turning to the offshore. In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, production averaged 47,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day for the quarter, in line with guidance and again reflecting approximately 15,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day of production that was shut in at our Conger field over the quarter. For the third quarter, we forecast Gulf of Mexico production to average approximately 60,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. By the fourth quarter with all Enchilada-impacted fields back online and the continued ramp-up at Stampede, we forecast Gulf of Mexico production to average approximately 65,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to the Gulf of Thailand, production from our Asian assets averaged 63,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day during the second quarter. At the joint development area in which Hess has a 50% interest, production averaged 37,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. Production is forecast to average approximately 36,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day over 2018. At the North Malay Basin, where Hess holds a 50% interest and is operator, production averaged 26,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter and is forecast to average approximately 26,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day over the year. Now turning to Guyana. We announced on Monday that gross discoverable recoverable resources at the Stabroek Block, in which Hess holds a 30% interest are now estimated to exceed 4 billion barrels of oil equivalent, which is up 25% from the previous estimate of more than 3.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent. In addition, total discoveries to-date have established the potential for up to five floating production, storage and offloading vessels or FPSOs to produce over 750,000 gross barrels of oil per day by 2025. As we've said before, Guyana continues to get bigger and better. In late June, the operator ExxonMobil announced an eighth oil discovery at Longtail-1, which is located in the southeast of the 6.6 million acre Stabroek Block, approximately 5 miles west of the Turbot-1 discovery. The well was safely drilled to 18,057 feet in 6,365 feet of water in 26 days. It encountered approximately 256 feet of high quality oil bearing sandstone reservoir. With the success at Longtail, we believe the combined gross recoverable resources in the Turbot Longtail area exceed 500 million barrels of oil equivalent, and we continue to see several additional prospects in this area that could potentially take this estimate even higher. Post Longtail, the operator decided to perform routine maintenance on the Stena Carron. This provided an opportunity to complete the riser-less top hole section of Ranger-2 before proceeding to the Hammerhead-1 exploration well in the coming days. Hammerhead is located 9 miles southwest in  of the Liza discovery. In the coming days, the drillship will move to the Hammerhead-1 exploration well and following completion of the well operations on Hammerhead, the current plan is to return to Ranger. The Liza Phase 1 development sanctioned in June 2017 continues to make rapid progress. Development drilling began in May, laying the foundation for production start-up in early 2020. Liza Phase 1 will consist of 17 wells and an FPSO designed to produce up to 120,000 gross barrels of oil per day. Development drilling and construction of the FPSO and subsea equipment is progressing on schedule. Liza Phase 2 is on track for sanction by year end. The Phase 2 development will utilize an FPSO with a gross production capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day with first oil expected by mid-2022. Given the ongoing exploration success on the Stabroek Block and its significant remaining potential, the operator now plans to add a third drillship by the fourth quarter which will be dedicated to exploring and appraising the numerous high value prospects on the block. On the recently acquired 3.3 million acre Kaieteur Block offshore Guyana in which Hess holds a 15% participating interest, the 2018 work program will include processing and interpretation of 3D seismic data and evaluation of a future drilling program. In neighboring Suriname, Hess has exposure to an additional 4.4 million acres through our 33% interests in both block 42 and 59. We see these blocks as a potential play extension from the Stabroek Block in Guyana with similar play types and trap styles. The operator Kosmos plans to spud a first exploration well on a prospect called Pontoenoe in Block 42 by the end of the third quarter. In Canada, offshore Nova Scotia, the operator BP has spud the Aspy playtest well targeting a large subsalt structure analogous to those found in the Gulf of Mexico. BP and Hess each hold a 50% working interest in exploration licenses that cover approximately 3.5 million acres, equivalent to some 600 Deepwater Gulf of Mexico blocks. We anticipate results by the end of the third quarter. In closing, we have once again demonstrated excellent execution and delivery across our portfolio. The Bakken is on a strong capital-efficient growth trajectory and this combined with our sizable interest in the world class Guyana Suriname basin has positioned us for more than a decade of visible cash flow and production growth and improving returns and cost metrics. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the second quarter of 2018 to the first quarter of 2018. We incurred a net loss of $130 million in the second quarter of 2018 compared with a net loss of $106 million in the first quarter of 2018. Our adjusted net loss which excludes items effecting comparability of earnings between periods was $56 million in the second quarter of 2018, down from $72 million in the previous quarter. Turning to exploration and production, on an adjusted basis E&P had net income of $21 million in the second quarter of 2018 compared to net income of $12 million in the first quarter of 2018. The changes in the after tax components of adjusted E&P results between the second quarter and first quarter of 2018 were as follows: higher realized selling prices increased earnings by $46 million, higher sales volumes increased earnings by $47 million, higher exploration expense reduced earnings by $25 million, higher DD&A expense reduced earnings by $23 million dollars, higher cash costs reduced earnings by $14 million, higher Midstream tariffs reduced earnings by $12 million, all other items reduced earnings by $10 million for an overall increase in second quarter earnings of $9 million. Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $30 million in the second quarter of 2018 compared to net income of $28 million in the first quarter of 2018. Midstream EBITDA before the non-controlling interest amounted to $126 million in the second quarter compared to $123 million in the previous quarter. Turning to corporate, after tax corporate and interest expenses were $191 million in the second quarter of 2018 compared to $109 million in the first quarter of 2018. After-tax adjusted corporate and interest expenses were $107 million in the second quarter of 2018, compared to $112 million in the previous quarter. Turning to our financial position. In April, we entered into a $500 million accelerated share repurchase agreement which was completed in June, bringing total share repurchases under our previously announced $1.5 billion repurchase program to $1 billion. Total shares purchased to date amount to 19.2 million shares at an average price of $52.18 per share. We plan to purchase the remaining $500 million of shares during the second half of 2018 and are targeting $250 million of purchases in the third quarter and $250 million in the fourth quarter. In the second quarter, we also purchased approximately $110 million of our public notes, increasing total debt retired to $500 million. Excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $2.5 billion, total liquidity was $6.8 billion including available committed credit facilities and debt was $5.5 billion at June 30. In the third quarter, we completed the purchase of WTI put option contracts that set a floor price of $60 per barrel on a notional 35,000 barrels of oil per day during calendar year 2019. Proceeds from the recently announced sale of our Utica joint venture interests are expected to be received in the third quarter. Turning to guidance, first for E&P, in the second quarter, our E&P cash costs were $13.37 per barrel of oil equivalent including Libya and $14.03 per barrel of oil equivalent excluding Libya which beat guidance on strong production and lower costs. We project cash costs for E&P operations excluding Libya in the third quarter to be in the range of $13 per barrel of oil equivalent to $14 dollars per barrel of oil equivalent, while full-year 2000 (sic) [2018] cash cost guidance remains unchanged at $13 per barrel of oil equivalent to $14 dollars per barrel of oil equivalent. DD&A expense in the second quarter was $16.85 per barrel of oil equivalent including Libya and $17.92 per barrel of oil equivalent excluding Libya, which was in line with guidance. DD&A expense excluding Libya is forecast to be in the range of $18 per barrel of oil equivalent to $19 per barrel of oil equivalent in the third quarter of 2018 and full-year DD&A expense guidance of $18 per barrel of oil equivalent to $19 per barrel of oil equivalent is unchanged. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs excluding Libya of $31 per barrel of oil equivalent to $33 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and for the full-year of 2018. Exploration expenses excluding dry hole costs are expected to be in the range of $50 million to $60 million in the third quarter with full-year guidance remaining unchanged at $190 million to $210 million. The Midstream tariff is projected to be approximately $165 million for the third quarter with full-year guidance forecast to be in the range of $635 million to $650 million. The E&P effective tax rate excluding Libya is expected to be an expense in the range of 0% to 4% for the third quarter. The full-year effective tax rate is expected to be a benefit in the range of 16% to 20%, which is updated from the previous guidance of a benefit in the range of 0% to 4%. For the full-year 2018, our E&P capital and exploratory expenditures guidance remains unchanged at $2.1 billion. Our 2018 crude oil hedge positions remain unchanged. We have $50 WTI put option contracts on a notion of 115,000 barrels per day of production for the remainder of the year. We expect the non-cash amortization of premiums on our crude oil hedges will reduce our financial results by approximately $50 million per quarter for the remainder of 2018. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be approximately $30 million in the third quarter with the full year guidance of approximately $115 million, which is above the midpoint of our previous guidance. Turning to corporate, for the third quarter of 2018, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million and the full year guidance is estimated to be in the range of $100 million to $110 million, which is down from the previous guidance in the range of $105 million to $115 million. Interest expenses are estimated to be approximately $85 million for the third quarter and the full year guidance is estimated to be in the range of $340 million to $345 million, which is also down from the previous guidance in the range of $345 million to $355 million. This concludes my remarks. We'll be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Bob Morris with Citi. Your line is now open.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Congratulations John on the continued success in Guyana on that reserve update earlier this week.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Greg. You're welcome. Greg, just some quick questions on the Bakken shale. I know that 40 of the 95 completions this year are supposed to be in the higher productive Keene area. How many of those 40 wells in the Keene area have you done in the first half of the year? And then also of the 25 plug-and-perf wells, how many of those were completed in the first half of the year?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, let me  thanks, Bob. And before I get started, I do want to correct something in my remarks. Our second quarter production was 247,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, I believe I said 240,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was obviously incorrect. Let me start with the plug-and-perf wells first. So we expect to do 40 of those this year, drill and complete, but only have 25 of those online. And as you said, we do expect to have 40 Keene wells online, seven of those will be plug-and-perf by the end of the year that will be drilled and completed. Regarding how many we've got done in the first part of the year, I think we have about 12 done in the Keene area in the first half of the year, so the remainder will come in the second half of the year. Now, what I should say is those Keene wells are doing extremely well, so they're outperforming their type curves at least on the wells that we've done so far by some 25%. So the results here have been very good. Also in the Stony Creek area, the wells that we have done there, again reminding everyone we're going to do 25 of those this year in Stony Creek, those were outperforming their type curves by around 40%. So Stony Creek and Keene are really the top two areas in this year's drilling program and then our East Nesson South and our Capa wells are performing at, about at expectation on the type curve. So Keene and Stony Creek are the ones to watch.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks for that update.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thank you. Good morning, and congrats on the quarter. If we could maybe just hit Guyana a little bit here. So if we look at the guidance of 750,000 or more barrels by 2025, and the expectations of barrels out of the first three FPSOs, we'd be implying kind of Liza-1 sized FPSOs at the minimum in terms of phases 4 and 5, and is that  should we think of them as upside to maybe where Liza-2 is, when we're trying to frame the overall impact of the development?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Okay, thanks. Thanks for that, Roger. A couple of comments there. I think first of all, in our messaging you note that we said that we see the potential up to five FPSOs to produce over 750,000 barrels a day. So that's one caveat. I think the other one  the other thing is, is that the ultimate size and timing of those last two vessels very much in the scoping phase, and it's going to be a function of a lot further exploration and appraisal drilling as well as detailed engineering work. And again, these are massive reservoirs with very large areal extent and multiple horizons. So those are directional numbers. Let's get that appraisal and exploration drilling done, and then we can be much more definitive. But again, we see it as over 750,000 barrels a day.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Thanks. And one more clarification as we think about Guyana. I know Phase 1 here is an oil only situation, how are we thinking about the gas and the other liquids as you look at these future phases? Any plans to bring the gas to shore or are we thinking pretty much 100% oil in terms of production?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, I think that the grand majority of the gas will be re-injected in the reservoir. There is a small project being discussed with the Government of Guyana to bring a small amount of gas onshore for an onshore power plant. Other than that, all the gas right now is anticipated to be re-injected in the reservoir, because particularly in the Liza complex the gas is miscible. So there will be recovery uplift as a result of putting that gas in the reservoir.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Morning, everybody.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Morning.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Guys, maybe I could kick off with a follow up on Guyana, just very quickly. I think Roger kind of hit the point about the 752,000 FPSO math doesn't really seem to make any sense, but can you walk us through what the exploration plan is for the second half of the year, it looks like Ranger has obviously been brought forward in the plan. But with a third rig coming in, what should we think about  what you're trying to identify for the second half and what I'm really trying to get at is, are we getting to a point where we're going to start to see parallel developments on some of these things as you move into that 2023, 2024, 2025 timeline?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Let me answer your second question first, Doug, I think regarding in parallel, we are in absolute agreement and alignment with the operator that the way to approach this development is in a phased manner, so that's currently the thinking right now and we're absolutely in support of that. Regarding the exploration drilling program for the remainder of the year, all I can say now is that next we go to Hammerhead, we just are in the final phase of drilling the top or drilling the top section on the Ranger-2, we'll go to Hammerhead, then most likely we'll go back to Ranger, the sequence for the fourth rig we're still working out with the operator, but obviously we've got a lot of stuff to do, and we've got a lot of stuff to do in kind of the Turbot Longtail area; there's some things that we'd like to drill there as well, potentially a good resource increase there. So the exact order, we're still working out but there'll be more and more in the Turbot Longtail area.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Just to be clear, Greg, is this a third rig or a fourth rig?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: It's a third rig, yeah.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Third rig. Okay. Thank you. Okay, so my follow-up is if I could take you back to the Bakken for a second and I appreciate the color on the Keene and the Stony Creek wells doing better, but can you kind of walk us through, have you completed any plug-and-perf wells yet? Is that contributing to the better performance or is there something else going on with the better performance? And then your answer, Greg, I wonder if you could take one other comment I think John had made at a prior third-party conference that you're starting to look at potentially putting ESPs down some of these wells as well. So I guess I'm really just trying to get a prognosis for what was embedded in your guidance because clearly the better type curve wasn't embedded in your guidance. So what are you assuming in your guidance and how should we think about the risks for that guide and for well performance as we move into 2019?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, so Doug, the grand majority of our guidance reflects the sliding sleeve wells, and the reason for that is because we only have three of the plug-and-perf wells on right now. Now, they're doing better than expected, but it's early days. So we didn't want to build a whole bunch of uplift in the guidance at this point until we got more data on those plug-and-perf wells. So far so good, but we wanted to have confidence in the data before we did that. Now on ESPs, we've been evaluating the use of ESPs as well as some other forms of lift. As you know, some operators up there are doing gas lift as well, particularly in the areas that have higher fluid rates and require the use of additional liquids handling. And in particular, the plug-and-perfs, if they continue to perform and have high fluid rates, obviously that's something we're looking at. But at the end of the day, the decision on which forms of artificial lift we're going to use is ultimately going to be driven by economics, not volume. So it will be an economic decision as to what we do on the lift side.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Sorry to press you on this, Greg. Just to be clear, the Keene wells, the Stony Creek wells are doing 25% and 40% better than your type curve, and they're the majority I think of the completions in the second half of the year and that's not in your guidance. So why haven't you raised the guidance in the Bakken?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, we've raised some of the guidance on those Keene wells but only on the sliding sleeve completions, Doug. So I wouldn't  watch this space, as we get more data, it will reflect itself in the production numbers, but we have not raised guidance on the Bakken until we get more data from the plug-and-perf wells.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah, I think the important thing here, Doug, and obviously you're onto something, which is with the improved completion techniques, we're doing a study to really optimize our investment in the Bakken going forward and we'll be ready to share the results of that study between now and the end of the year where we hopefully can give more specificity and clarity on to what our future production rates might be in the Bakken. So let's get a couple more wells under our belt, and as we do, incorporate that into our investment program, and then the output of that program, obviously focused on returns as Greg was saying, I think we'll be able to provide more clarity on the question you're asking by the end of the year.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks for your patience, guys. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Devin McDermott with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Good morning. Thanks for taking the question.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I had first a follow up on Guyana as it relates to the addition of the third drillship later this year. I was just hoping to better understand the CapEx impact of that. Now, I noticed that overall, CapEx guidance for the year is unchanged, so are there some offsetting efficiencies you're seeing elsewhere in the business that are allowing you to keep CapEx flat with that addition of the drillship?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes. I mean, if you look where our run rate is right now, so for the first half of the year we came in at $909 million on our capital spend. And the reason is we'd look at that and say why isn't the guidance coming down, but it's because of these type of things that you mention. So, what do we have in the second half of the year? So Guyana, we do have the third drillship, as you mentioned, coming in, it's going to come in the fourth quarter, so that will be an impact. What we also have is a little more Phase 2 spend as we're again coming up on sanction than we had in the first half of the year, so we'll have Phase 1 in Guyana 1 and more Phase 2 spend in the second half of the year. And then the other component that we have that is going to raise capital in the second half of the year is the Bakken, right? So we have the fifth rig coming in now and the sixth rig coming in later in the year. And yes, so far, our efficiencies have been good with our program. But as we see it right now, we're reaffirming that guidance to $2.1 billion.
Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. That's helpful color. And then thinking just longer term on the overall cash flow profile of the company, you've talked about being cash flow positive post-2020. And I believe since then there's been upside to the Guyana resource estimate as well as potential for additional phases of development. Can you just talk about the latest thoughts there on cash generation post-2020 and also the ability to fund within cash flow these incremental developments at Guyana longer term?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. The best thing that we can do for our portfolio and matching up with our strategy on generating free cash flow at a $50 environment is to add more oil resources in Guyana. It's just a fantastic asset. Obviously, you've heard all the attributes on it. But combined with the great reservoir characteristic, it just gives superior financial returns and has a very low breakeven price, as we talked about, at $35. So what happens is that you add Phase 4, Phase 5, what we've done for the portfolio is it continues to lower our breakeven price as we go forward and can generate more cash flow in a low price environment or in a higher price environment. Now, just to get to your specific question on timing on free cash flow, let me tell you what we know right now and as Greg mentioned earlier what we really don't have good information on. So starting with Phase 1, obviously we've got really good information on that, what the capital, what the timing is. Phase 2 feed is progressing rapidly, we expect to sanction that before the end of the year and achieve first oil by mid-2022. So we have good information on that. Phase 3 has now been sized, expected to be sanctioned during 2019, so we have a decent estimate on that. So with those three FPSOs in place, we do see that we can generate free cash flow at $50 post 2020 with those three FPSOs. Now, Phases 4 and 5 still require, Greg mentioned it, we've got additional exploration appraisal drilling in order to size the projects and optimize the development plans. So at this point, I really do not have a good estimate as to timing how much of that capital could be in 2021 and what exactly the amount will be for future phases. It will be further out in the future. But what we can say about this funding is the way we pre-position the portfolio with our asset sales that the funding is very manageable and that Guyana itself is expected to become free cash flow positive really once Phase 2 starts producing. So that, as I mentioned, will be in 2022. So again, for us, Guyana, it fits right in our strategy, driving our cost down and driving our breakeven for the portfolio so that we can really drive production growth and free cash flow.
Devin J. McDermott - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Arun, if your line is on mute, can you please unmute.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, the first question is for Greg. Greg, as you test the plug-and-perf completions in the Bakken, can you remind us of how you're doing the well spacing within the Middle Bakken and the Three Forks for the plug-and-perf because I believe under sliding sleeve, you're doing eight wells or nine wells in the Middle Bakken per DSU, and maybe seven or eight in the Three Forks. I just wanted to see if you could give us a sense of what the spacing will look like for plug-and-perf?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Again, it's early days. So what we're doing now is we are using the same well spacing that we're using with sliding sleeve because we want to compare the two. So, we want to have a valid comparison by keeping the well spacing the same. Now as we mentioned as part of the Bakken study, we're going to take our data, relevant industry data and one of the outputs of the Bakken study will help us confirm the appropriate well spacing, completion type and proppant loading for each area of the basin. So, that's ultimately what we're trying to determine. And then the penultimate question is, what's the way to maximize value from those DSUs in the Bakken? So that's what we're aiming for with the Bakken study and through our own experimentation.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And just can you remind us what the current spacing is under sliding sleeve, just to get the baseline?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. It's on the nine and eight, nine and eight configuration.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Nine and eight, okay. Okay. Great. And Greg, just in terms of the 3Q Bakken guide of 115,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, you did 114,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day this quarter with some weather impacts. Do you view that guidance conservative?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, I think we're back on track in the third quarter. So we're right within our guidance range on the third quarter, recovering from the weather impacts that hit us in very late June.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got you. Got you. And my final question is just on Guyana, you have a gross 4 billion barrel kind of resource range. Can you help us think about potentially now five phases of the project? How much resource do you expect to recover in five of those potential distinct phases?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: I think the recoverable resource on the block again is 4 billion barrels. I think those last two phases as I said before are very much in the scoping phase as to where that  where those vessels could lie, are they going to be in Ranger or are they going to be in Turbot, kind of complex where are they. So there's still a lot of uncertainty in that. But clearly, we've got a lot of oil to recover here; extremely high value. We're going to do that as judiciously as possible. So this is all good news.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Sankey with Mizuho. Your line is now open.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Thanks, everyone. I wanted to ask about the free cash flow inflection, but you've clearly answered that. I guess one follow up would be, given this is so transformative for you in Guyana, the hedging, how do we think about that? And also I guess buyback given that you're currently buying back stock, is that really something that you'll be doing when you have these big asset sales, I assume? And then the final thing again thinking transformatively is dividend policy? Thank you.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So, let me get the dividend policy and the buyback. So let me just start where we are with that right now. I think as you know, we've got $500 million left under our share repurchase program right now, and we expect to complete that by the end of the year, and we're targeting $250 million in the third and $250 million in the fourth. And so, as we look at it, we've got drilling coming here in the third quarter, we got an exciting well in Suriname, another well as Greg mentioned, Hammer on what our investment plans are going forward. So, it's a little early right now, we'll get to the end of the year, we'll see where prices are and at that point in time, we'll look where we are and see if there's anything from a buyback or debt reduction as we look into the future. Was there, I forgot, Paul, did you have another?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Hedging.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Hedging, sorry.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Yeah. I started with hedging, but you sort of headed towards dividend. Go ahead, sorry.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes. So from a hedging standpoint as I mentioned we did add 35,000 barrels a day for 2019 and you can expect us to add a bit more for 2019. Why again, it's we're still in the investment phase, Guyana production hasn't started up in 2020. So again from our standpoint, we just think it's prudent to put some insurance on in 2020. Obviously when we get to the free cash flow phases of Guyana then we're in a different position and hedging may be less as we move forward, and that's when we're generating the growth and free cash flow is when we'd start looking at our dividend policy as well and potentially increasing it at that time.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: Great. Thank you. And then the follow-up would be, you talk about a $35 breakeven for Guyana, many of us on the call are oil finance nerds. Could you talk about the assumptions that you make to get that breakeven? Thank you.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. It's not  you don't have to do really that much from an assumption standpoint. So the contract is out there and it's public. It's there. We can't from a confidential standpoint talk about it, but it's public, so you can look at the contract. And the unique difference from a Guyana versus just  let's just call it a U.S. on a tax and royalty system is the production sharing contract impact. So, even if we're in a great point in the cycle and you have low cost from that, so you can get low F&D in the Gulf of Mexico. But what happens is if prices are lower, then obviously your breakeven is affected because you're not being able to get additional barrels out of the ground. With a production sharing contract what works with that is your cost recovery gets affected by the price. So, as prices go lower, you get more cost recovery to help with that and that's the way the point of a production sharing contract. So, it's really the mixture of  the mixture of the reservoirs, how good they are, the low point in the cycle, the F&D costs associated with it and the production sharing contract that gets you to that $35.
Paul Sankey - Mizuho Securities USA LLC: That's great. I appreciate your answers. Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: You've undergone a significant restructuring here in preparation for the Guyana development and production, selling the non-core assets, repurchasing shares. I wonder if you consider yourself towards the final innings of that restructuring with a $0.5 billion of share repurchase left and the Utica assets to close in the third quarter, or do you see any more to come on the asset shifting side of the equation?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. The portfolio reshaping, I'd say the majority of the work's been done. There are one or two assets that still if we got full value for them, we would consider monetizing; if not, we're happy to have them in the portfolio because they're good cash generators. Having said that, I think the key point going forward is as both John and Greg have said; Guyana is really a truly world-class investment opportunity. One of the best if not the best in the industry with low breakeven oil prices and high financial returns across the industry, it's one of the best. So our first, second and third priority is to fund that, maintain a strong balance sheet, investment grade credit rating to ensure we have the capacity to do that. As we get further definition regarding our future capital requirements for the third phase of development and then potentially a fourth phase and fifth phase as well as the outlook for oil prices, then we're in a better position to give consideration to further returns of capital. But right now, we're focused on execution, finalizing the share repurchase program that we have and bringing more clarity both to our Bakken growth plan and our Guyana growth plan. So that's where we are, but we love the position we're in. And obviously, I think we're going to be in a position to generate superior financial returns and cash flow generation for many years to come as Guyana comes to fruition and our Bakken plan does as well.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thanks. And then my follow-up is with regards to that third drillship specifically from an exploration perspective, it sounded like there are some priorities for appraisal at Ranger and elsewhere, but can you speak more to the when and potentially where we would see exploration within the Stabroek Block? And maybe relatedly, can you talk about the extent to which the Ranger and Liza discoveries have de-risked the portion within Stabroek in between the two discoveries, the acreage in between and the plan for exploration there?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. The third ship is going to  as we understand from the operator now we're working with the operator, going to be focused on bringing further definition to the greater Turbot area with the success that we had at Longtail. To your point, this area is starting to be de-risked, we see some other prolific sand channels there and potential resource adds. So, that's what the third ship is going to try to appraise. The other exploration ship as Greg said goes to Hammerhead first, in the coming days that should be spud, then after that we'll go to further appraised Ranger, maybe one or two wells, we'll see where that goes. And yes, obviously, as we get definition in each of those campaigns and we get further seismic work correlating the well results with the seismic, we definitely see numerous more prospects on the block. I think Exxon said and we would agree, there are probably another 20 exploration prospects on the block to drill and yes we do see the Stabroek Block being further de-risked as we have more success remember, we're 8 out of 10.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from all Paul Cheng with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey guys. Good morning. A number of questions ...
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: ... first is for Rielly. On the hedges for 2019, do you have an estimate what is the amortization cost?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. The cost of the 35,000 barrels a day was approximately $50 million. So, it would be....
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: For the full year?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: ... amortized over for the full  for the full year.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And that's after tax?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And John when  previously I thought the 2018 hedges you already closed out or that you already have to offset things so that I thought the amortization charges should be stay constant, why is edging up over the last several quarter? I mean initially you're talking about $30 million a quarter and then $40 million, now they're talking about $45 million. Any particular reason or, now it is $50 million, why there has been hedging up?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. There's two reasons, one that the jump from the $30 million to $45 million was due  you remember, we did have a collar in place with the $50 WTI options at $65 and we bought back that collar and obviously we're benefiting from the higher prices right now from that purchase. So, that increase from $30 million basically to $45 million. The only difference between the $45 million and $50 million is due to accounting. You have mark-to-market on the way these hedges, you get this ineffectiveness. So we've got this additional amount that sits in other comprehensive income that's going to be amortized for the remaining part of the year, so nothing except accounting associated with that.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. On the Phase 2 Guyana  on the development, should we assume that the unit cost is going to be about the same as Phase 1 or that because it's a new drillship, so that is going to be higher?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: So we are still, we're progressing feed right now and getting all of that information. So I'd prefer, Paul, we're going to be at the end of the year that we can be a little bit more specific on it. But obviously what I would tell you, this is still going to be a terrific investment there. But right now we're still working with the operator on exactly what the costs will be. We're working through the feed and we'll update you at the end of the year. And... (56:01)
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: What I will say, Paul, what I will say is that based on what we know so far that the costs are coming in lower on Phase 2 than they did for Phase 1 for most of the service line. So obviously that bodes well for Phase 2.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And Greg, should we assume 220,000, that given that size (56:21), that would be a new drillship, right?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yes, that will be a new build.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Because that Phase 3, on the other hand, will be potentially refurbished. If you only go for 180,000, is that the way how we should look at it?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yet to be determined, but I think it will be no matter what it is, it's going to be consistent with this design one, build many, very efficient kind of strategy where the only thing that flexes is the topsides, those will be modular based on the specific attributes of the development.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And can you give us some rough idea of what's the different cost between the refurbished and a new drillship, is that about $1 billion difference?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Paul, I don't have that information in front of me. What we're doing right now is just working with the operator. Obviously ExxonMobil has been doing a terrific job on that. We could refer that type of question to them, but we'll be again trying to maximize value on this is as we move from Phase 3.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think the key point here, Paul, is we're finalizing our costs. The operator is doing a great job getting those numbers to be as cost efficient as possible. When we sanction the second FPSO, you'll have the number, and that will be before the end of the year, and then you'll be able to compare as other investors will with our Phase 1 ship as well. So, once we finalize the sanction numbers, we'll give them to you, and then you'll be able to compare that with the first ship that we already have contracted.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And John and Greg, (57:59), now that you no longer put it up for sale, how should we look at that asset, that I think before you put it up for sale, at one point you were thinking about spending some money to gradually expand the production. So, now that you are no longer selling it, should we just assume you're going to maintain it as flat or allow you to decline over time or you're trying to grow it a little bit over time, so how should we think of it?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Paul, South Arne is a very good cash generating asset. Obviously, Brent based pricing generates good cash flows, and it has upside potential both in terms of optimizing the field and further production with some investment, and also some nearby exploration that we could tie in. So, we're coming up with our plans now to have an investment program there. It will have to compete for capital in the rest of the portfolio. But having said that, as we get further definition on what our investment program there, which we think will be very manageable, we'll be happy to communicate that to you. And we're going to retain the asset. We're happy to do it. It's all about value. And in the normal course of business, we'll continue to evaluate options to maximize its value.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sure. Hey, final one from me is probably for John Rielly, that if we're looking at your 2018 Midstream tariff, say call it $640 million, $650 million, that's roughly about $16 per barrel for the Bakken production. And that must be including some minimum volume. So as we looking out, when you get to 175,000 barrel per day, by 2021, what kind of unit tariff that we should be assuming?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So first, Paul, we do put in the supplement, you can see, how the Midstream tariff then gets calculated in coming back to Hess net barrels, because the first thing, when you calculate it on those numbers, you're getting kind on a tariff applied to a net number, which is really applied to gross volumes and also includes third-party numbers. So if you look at the supplement which we do, we'll put that in place after the call here, you'll see for us it's about $8.70 on a gross basis for our barrels. And then, we have 50% of that. So it's sitting in that kind of $4.00, $4.60 type range net to Hess. Then as we see going forward, when the volumes do increase from the Bakken, you will get  it is factored in, the growth is factored in the way we calculate the tariffs  but over time obviously, you'll get the efficiency of scale impact to those tariffs.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Now do you have a number you can share by 2021?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: No. So, I mean, again, we've talked about the Bakken study, what we're doing now, that all has to be integrated into our infrastructure plans and that will work into the tariffs. So that's all part of the Bakken study to maximize value.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Hall with Heikkinen Energy Advocators (sic) [Advisors]. Your line is now open.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Michael Hall with Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Yeah, no problem. So, most of mine have been answered at this point. I'm just curious, on the Bakken, earlier in the year you had talked about a 4Q rate of around 120 to 125 mboe a day. Is that still in the cards? Is that something we should still be modeling towards? It sounded like maybe sub 120 per the comments, but I didn't know if that was just kind of rounding, for a lack of a better word?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: So I just want to make sure what you're asking, Michael. So on the Bakken volumes that we're talking about as we were getting to the end of the year?
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Yeah, I think it was about two calls ago or something, you talked about 120 to 125. Is that still fair?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, you can still expect us to be at 120,000 barrels plus in the fourth quarter...
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: ...in the Bakken. In fact if you just look at our guidance and the way we have the 115,000 to 120,000 barrels in the third and then going 115,000 to 120,000 barrels for the full year, you'll see we are still planning to be above 120,000 barrels.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Got it. Yeah, I didn't know if that comment on the full year meant the rest of the year or  sorry, I was just trying to clarify.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, no.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: That's helpful. Okay. And then the remaining wells to be turned online in the Williston this year, are those relatively evenly loaded across the year or is there any emphasis in 3Q or 4Q just from a timing standpoint?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: More of them will be in the fourth quarter because what happens now is we get the fifth rig coming in, really any wells that are drilled by the fifth rig, that won't impact the third quarter. That's why we'll get more wells online in the fourth quarter and the production going up from there.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah. The fourth quarter is going to be a very big quarter in terms of wells online.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. And then the last one, I guess, just on the Williston again and can you just quantify how much the weather impacted 2Q in June?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: It was a couple thousand because we were, as Greg said, we were right on track April, May, it was June and the weather  and that month was affected. So overall for the quarter it was a couple thousand barrels. And right now we are right back on track where we were before.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Great. That's it. Thanks very much.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phillips Johnston with Capital One. Your line is now open.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Hey guys, thanks. Greg, just to follow up on the prior questions about Keene, as we look out to 2019 with the rig count entering the year at six versus four in the first half of this year, from a directional standpoint should we expect activity will be less focused on the Keene area with the mix maybe dropping down to closer to a third of completions versus close to half this year, or would you expect to keep the Keene mix closer to 50%?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. I think the Keene percentage will go down, but obviously in our 2019 budget we'll update the guidance because we will be most likely in a 100% plug-and-perf mode by then. So all the IP180s and everything will have to be updated as we do our planning guidance for 2019.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: But, yes, there will be fewer Keene wells next year than this year.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay. And can you quantify...
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: But that doesn't mean IP180s average for the year will be less. With plug-and-perf, there would be upward pressure on IP180s in a plug-and-perf situation. But we'll update all that when we give guidance next year.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay. And you've quantified how many remaining locations there are at Keene or is that something that will come out after the study?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: That's something that will come out after the study as well.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then just a question maybe for John Rielly. You guys have reported working capital cash outflows for the past six quarters that have amounted to roughly $1 billion or so. What have been the primary factors there? And when would you expect that trend to sort of reverse?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So first of all, we did have the hedging, right? So we'd kind of gone through with our hedges. Now we will have, as I mentioned earlier, we have $50 million on our 35,000 barrels a day in 2019. So that will come in the third quarter. So our hedging do go through there. Some of the things that were basically impacting us besides the hedges of premiums paid is we do have  you've got your normal things like pension contributions, you've got  we had abandonment. If you're going back several quarters in when we had Valhall, those were always significant amounts. We've got timing on income tax payments related to Libya, in the 93.5% tax rate. So those will always continue. And what I would say is on a normal run rate basis, our first quarter and our third quarter were going to be the higher pulls on working capital. So you have  because one, we  that's the semi-annual payments on our bonds happen in the first and third quarter. The first quarter always has your bonus payments in there as well. And then, outside of that, it's just normal recurring. So the only unusual things that we'll get in there is kind of from the hedging and things like that. So if you looked at this quarter, right, it wasn't much of a pull in cash flow and you can see it was an add in fixed assets. So we actually, on an overall basis, working capital had a positive on the bottom line from it. So things are going to move in and out just like that and first and third being bigger and second and the fourth not so much.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc.: Okay. Sounds good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. I wanted to just ask Greg to kind of step back and give me an overview of all this plug-and-perf stuff. In the past, I thought you had said that you felt these were going to be best for maybe Tier 2 type resource, but it sounds like that it's, particularly based on what you just said about 2019, it sounds like this is moving towards becoming a primary way to complete the wells, so maybe I was confused. But, could you just talk about it kind of on a higher level?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. You bet. So I think you are correct. We always knew that as we went outside the core of the core that we would have to use plug-and-perf, so I think we've always said that. But what we are doing is part of the Bakken study, because some of our competitors are using plug-and-perf in the core of the core. We're trialing some of that as well. So again, our mission here is for the two-thirds of the inventory remaining in the Bakken, what is the best way to maximize value per DSU both in the core and outside the core. So we wanted to get some wells in the core as well to do a good comparison. So that's the ultimate, ultimate objective of the Bakken study. Now based on the results, so far, and again it's a limited sample but based on the results so far indicatively it looks like that even plug-and-perf in the core can give you an improvement. So, but, at the end of the day we're going to go area by area in the field and answer that question, what's the best way to maximize value per DSU. And that answer could vary depending on where you are on the field and the completion design could vary dependent on where you are in the field. Right now directionally we're just saying plug-and-perf looks pretty good, so from an assumption standpoint let's assume that we're going to do plug-and-perf throughout the field.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Well that's helpful and also I assume as you always say that case-by-case it's going to be economics, so if  if it were somehow possible that sliding sleeve would produce a better economic in....
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: ....some place then you would use that.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Exactly. And I think what's happened with plug-and-perf, so there's been quite a change in plug-and-perf over the last couple of years which kind of changes how we think about it and that's the introduction and perfection of limited entry perforating. So, that allows you to tightly control where your proppant and fluids are going. And then secondly the cost of plug-and-perf have come down substantially during the downturn. So, that made plug-and-perf come more into queue on a comparison basis to sliding sleeve. And then finally we reached kind of the technical limit on sliding sleeve is about 60 stages is all you can really stuff in those. So, I can get more stages, have tight control and is a cost that's not that far off of plug-and-perf, or sliding sleeve. So, therefore it makes sense to evaluate that technology now.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: That was really helpful. I appreciate it. And I just wanted to ask quickly, you mentioned you're going to go to six Bakken rigs by the end of the year, and I think you said you've already added a third frac crew. I was just wondering, is this the activity level that you see maintaining going forward or are you still unsure until you complete the development study?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, I think directionally it looks like six rigs is about right, and that's a function of -- you don't want to build infrastructure too fast and overbuild and not be capital efficient. So six rigs at this point is still kind of the sweet spot. The third frac rig -- frac crew will be added in the latter part of the year. So we have not added that yet, but it's on its way.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Well, thanks for clarifying that. Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi, guys. Just one question for me, kind of a high level point about Guyana. Given the new targets you're putting out for 2025, at least a third, possibly half of the company's net volumes will be coming from Guyana at that point. How comfortable are you just kind of conceptually with that level of asset concentration, and to state the obvious, what's historically been somewhat of a frontier market?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: We're very happy to have one of the truly world-class investment opportunities in the oil industry that keeps getting bigger and better. We believe that our 30% working interest is appropriate for this world-class asset. We have a world-class operator in ExxonMobil, and so we're happy to have this opportunity to invest shareholder money which has a very high financial return. So net-net we are happy with it and you got to remember, it's part of our portfolio, we also have the Bakken, we also have the Deepwater Gulf and also Malaysia. So the combination of that portfolio I think manages and is really managing not only the risk of the different investments but the financial performance of those. So we think our focused portfolio with that balance and that's the key makes Guyana standout and be positioned the best way that it can be for our shareholders.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, clear enough, appreciate it.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference, thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp. John B. Hess - Hess Corp. Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp. John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co. Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Michael McAllister - MUFG Securities America, Inc. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2018 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Sonia, and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Sonia. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information that will be provided on our website. Now, as usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. I will review our strategy and key highlights from the quarter. Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance, and John Rielly will review our financial results. Our company delivered strong performance this quarter and continues to make significant progress in our strategy. First, to grow our resource base in a capital-disciplined manner. Second, to move down the cost curve so that we are resilient in a low oil price environment. And third, to be cash-generative at a $50 per barrel Brent oil price post 2020. Our strategy reflects our view that shale alone will not be enough to meet the world's oil demand growth and offset base production declines. For the past several years, the industry has significantly underinvested in longer cycle projects, which currently represent approximately 90% to 95% of global oil supply. We have focused our portfolio on four key areas, offshore Guyana and the Bakken as our growth engines with Malaysia and the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico as our cash engines. By investing in our highest return assets, divesting higher-cost mature assets, and implementing a $150 million annual cost reduction program, we expect to lower our cash unit production costs by 30% between 2017 and 2020, while reducing unit DD&A rates by 35% over the same period. On a pro forma basis, production from our high-graded portfolio is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate of approximately 10% between 2017 and 2023, assuming a flat $50 per barrel Brent oil price, operating cash flow is expected to grow at a compound annual rate of approximately 20% over the same period. In 2017, our asset monetizations resulted in proceeds of $3.4 billion. Proceeds are being used to prefund our world-class investment opportunity in Guyana, increased from four rigs to six rigs in the Bakken, returned $1.5 billion to shareholders by the end of 2018 through share repurchases, and reduced debt by $500 million. Key to our strategy is our position in Guyana, which represents one of the most attractive oil investment opportunities in the world today. The 6.6 million acres Stabroek block in Guyana where Hess has a 30% interest and ExxonMobil is the operator is uniquely advantaged by its scale, reservoir quality, cost, rapid cash paybacks, and superior financial returns. In February, we continued our exploration success in Guyana with a seventh oil discovery at the Pacora-1 well. This discovery followed positive results from the Ranger-1 well in January, which demonstrated that the petroleum system is working in a new geologic play more than 60 miles Northwest of the Liza development and reaffirmed the extraordinary exploration potential of the block. Excluding Ranger and Pacora, estimated gross discovered recoverable resources on the block were increased to more than 3.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent. And we continue to see multi-billion barrels of additional exploration potential on the block. The Liza Phase 1 development, which was sanctioned last June, is progressing well with first production of gross 120,000 barrels of oil per day expected by 2020 less than five years after discovery. Phase 2 with gross production of 220,000 barrels of oil per day is slated for start-up by mid-2022. The giant Payara field is planned as the third development with start-up expected in late 2023 or early 2024, bringing expected gross production from the first three phases of development to more than 500,000 barrels of oil per day. Turning to the Bakken, our largest operated asset where we have more than 500,000 net acres in the core of the play. We plan to add a fifth rig in the third quarter and a sixth rig in the fourth quarter of this year. This increased activity is expected to generate capital efficient production growth from a 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2017 up to 175,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2021 along with a meaningful increase in free cash flow generation over this period. Turning to our financial results. In the first quarter of 2018, we posted a net loss of $106 million, or $0.38 per share, down from a net loss of $324 million, or $1.07 per share in the year-ago quarter. Compared to 2017, our first quarter financial results primarily reflect higher realized crude oil selling prices and lower operating costs and DD&A. First quarter production was above the high-end of our guidance range of 220,000 to 225,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day averaging 233,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Bakken production averaged 111,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day above our guidance of approximately 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In summary, our focus for 2018 is on execution. And we believe we are off to a very strong start to the year. In the first quarter, we increased cash returns to shareholders, reduced debt, exceeded our production guidance, continued to lower our costs and announced two significant oil discoveries offshore Guyana, Ranger and Pacora. Longer-term, our reshaped portfolio is positioned to deliver a decade-plus of capital-efficient growth, with increasing cash generation and returns to shareholders. With that, I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an update of our progress in 2018 as we continue to execute our E&P strategy. Starting with production; in the first quarter production averaged 233,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, above our guidance range of 220,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day to 225,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, primarily reflecting strong performance in the Bakken. In the second quarter, we expect production to average between 235,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day and 245,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. We maintain our full-year 2018 production guidance of 245,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day to 255,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. Production is expected to grow steadily throughout the year increasing to between 265,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day and 275,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter, which represents a growth rate of over 15% between the first quarter and fourth quarter of 2018. In the Bakken, we delivered a strong quarter that continued to build upon the successes of last year. First quarter production averaged 111,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of more than 12% from the year-ago quarter. Our 60-stage, 8.4 million pound proppant completions continue to show a 15% to 20% uplift in both IP180s and EUR over our previous 50-stage's 3.5 million pounds standard. Because we were reaching the practical limits of the sliding sleeve system in terms of stage count. Last year, we began piloting limited entry plug-and-perf completions and initial results are encouraging. This new limited entry technique allows us to more than double the number of distinct entry points in a 10,000-foot lateral, while maintaining good fracture geometry control and should result in a further increase in initial production rates, estimated ultimately recovery, and most importantly net present value. Well, we only have a small number of wells that have been on production for 90 days or more. We are increasing the number of plug-and-perf completions and plan to complete approximately 40 and bring online 25 of these wells in 2018. We will keep you apprised of results as we go throughout the year. We're also conducting a comprehensive study of the Bakken to determine optimum development methodology for each area of the basin. As previously announced, we plan to add a fifth rig during the third quarter and a sixth rig during the fourth quarter. We also plan to add a third frac crew by the end of the year. In the first quarter, we drilled 23 wells and brought 13 wells online. For the full year 2018, we expect to drill approximately 120 wells and bring 95 wells online. In the second quarter, we forecast that our Bakken production will average approximately 115,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day and for the full-year 2018, we forecast production to average between 115,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day and 120,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. Longer-term, we continue to forecast steady Bakken production growth to approximately 175,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2021, assuming six rig. Moving to the offshore. In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, production averaged 41,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter, reflecting the previously announced downtime at the Shell-operated Enchilada Platform following the fire there in early November 2017. During the first quarter, production was restored at our Baldpate and Penn State fields as well as at the Shell-operated Llano field. Approximately 15,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day of production remain shut-in at our Conger field, but we expect Conger to resume production by the end of the third quarter. At our Stampede field where Hess is operator and has a 25% interest, we achieve first oil from the field in January. We will continue to ramp-up production gradually throughout 2018 and expect to achieve peak rates during 2019. Drilling will continue throughout this period. For the second quarter, we forecast Gulf of Mexico production to average between 45,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day and 50,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day and maintain our 2018 full-year production forecast of approximately 50,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. By the fourth quarter with all Enchilada-impacted fields back online and the continued ramp-up at Stampede, we forecast Gulf of Mexico production to average approximately 65,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to the Gulf of Thailand, at the joint development area, in which Hess has a 50% interest, production averaged 34,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter. Production is forecast to average approximately 36,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2018. At the North Malay Basin, also in the Gulf of Thailand, production averaged 22,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter and is forecast to average approximately 26,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2018. Now, turning to Guyana. At the Stabroek block, in which Hess holds a 30% interest, we announced a seventh oil discovery at Pacora located approximately 4 miles west of Payara. The well encountered approximately 65-feet of high-quality oil barring sandstone reservoir. Following well operations on Pacora, ExxonMobil spud the Liza-5 appraisal well on March 8, the well has been logged and cored and the operator is currently performing a drill stem test, results from the Pacora-1 and Liza-5 wells will be incorporated to appropriately size the FPSO for the third phase of development, which will be between 175,000 barrels of oil per day and 220,000 barrels of oil per day. Following completion of the well test on Liza-5, the Stena Carron will drill the longtail 1 (15:45) prospect located approximately four miles Northwest of the Turbot-1 discovery. A second drilling rig the Noble Bob Douglas, spud an exploration well on the Sorubim prospect on April 3, which is located approximately 37 miles Southwest of the Ranger discovery. Well operations are still underway. Following Sorubim, the Bob Douglas will begin drilling the first of 17 planned development wells associated with Liza Phase-1. The Liza Phase-1 development sanctioned in June 2017 remains on track for first oil by 2020 with a nameplate capacity of 120,000 barrels of oil per day. Liza Phase-2 is on track for sanction by year-end with a nameplate capacity of 220,000 barrels of oil per day and first oil expected by mid-2020. The Liza Phase-3 development is in feed and first oil is expected in late-2023 or early-2024. In Canada, offshore Nova Scotia, The Aspy well was spud on April 22. BP is operator and has each hold a 50% working interest in exploration licenses that cover approximately 3.5 million acres equivalent to some 600 Deepwater Gulf of Mexico blocks. The well is targeting a large subsalt structure, analogues to those found in the Gulf of Mexico. In closing, our team once again demonstrated excellent execution and delivery across our asset base. The Bakken is on a strong capital-efficient growth trajectory and Guyana continues to get bigger and better. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the first quarter of 2018 to the fourth quarter of 2017. We incurred a net loss of $106 million in the first quarter of 2018 compared with a net loss of $2.677 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017. Our adjusted net loss, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods was $72 million in the first quarter of 2018, compared to a net loss of $304 million in the previous quarter. Turning to exploration and production. On an adjusted basis, E&P had net income of $12 million in the first quarter of 2018, compared with a net loss of $219 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the first quarter of 2018 and the fourth quarter of 2017 were as follows. Higher realized selling prices improved results by $54 million, lower sales volumes reduced results by $133 million. Lower DD&A expense improved results by $207 million, lower cash cost improved results by $40 million. Lower exploration expense improved results by $32 million. All other items improved results by $31 million for an overall improvement in first quarter results of $231 million. Turning to Midstream, the Midstream segment had net income of $28 million in the first quarter of 2018, compared to net income of $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. Midstream EBITDA before the non-controlling interest and excluding specials amounted to $123 million in the first quarter, compared to $113 million in the previous quarter. Turning to corporate and interest. After-tax corporate and interest expenses were $109 million in the first quarter of 2018, compared to $105 million in the fourth quarter of 2017. After-tax adjusted corporate and interest expenses were $112 million in the first quarter of 2018. Capitalized interest in the first quarter was lower than the prior quarter by $21 million due to first production at the Stampede field in January. Turning to our financial position. We increased our share buyback during the quarter to $1.5 billion from $500 million, representing nearly 10% of shares outstanding. This combined with our previously announced plan to retire $500 million in debt allows us to maintain a strong balance sheet, while providing current returns to shareholders. Excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $3.4 billion. Total liquidity was $7.7 billion, including available committed credit facilities; and debt was $5.587 billion. In the first quarter, we purchased approximately 8 million shares of common stock for $380 million, which completed the initial $500 million program. In April, we entered into a $500 million accelerated share repurchase agreement that is expected to be completed by the end of the second quarter. During the first quarter, we paid $415 million to retire debt including the redemption of $350 million principal amount of 8.125% notes due in 2019 and to purchase other notes. We remain on target to complete our $1.5 billion stock repurchase program and our $500 million debt reduction initiative in 2018. Now turning to second quarter guidance; in the first quarter, our E&P cash costs were $13.46 per barrel of oil equivalent, which beat guidance on strong production performance and a deferral of Tubular Bells workover to the second quarter. As a result of the workover deferral, cash costs for the second quarter of 2018 are projected to be $14.50 to $15.50 per barrel of oil equivalent, with full-year guidance of $13 per barrel to $14 per barrel of oil equivalent remaining unchanged. DD&A expense in the second quarter is forecast to be in the range of $17.50 to $18.50 per barrel of oil equivalent with the full-year guidance remaining unchanged at $18 to $19 per barrel of oil equivalent. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs of $32 to $34 per barrel of oil equivalent in the second quarter, with the full-year guidance remaining unchanged at $31 to $33 per barrel of oil equivalent. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $60 million to $70 million in the second quarter, with full-year guidance remaining unchanged at $190 million to $210 million. The Midstream tariff is projected to be approximately $165 million for the second quarter and $625 million to $650 million for the full year of 2018, which is unchanged from prior guidance. The E&P effective tax rate, excluding Libya, is expected to be a benefit in the range of 0% to 4% for the second quarter, with the full-year guidance of a benefit in the range of 0% to 4% remaining unchanged. With respect to our 2018 crude oil hedges, we are now able to realize the benefit of WTI prices above $65, which we accomplished by buying back the $65 WTI call options within our crude oil collars. We continue to keep the $50 WTI put options on 115,000 barrels per day of production for the remainder of the year. We expect amortization of premiums on our crude oil hedges, which will be reflected in our realized selling prices, will reduce our results by approximately $45 million per quarter for the remainder of 2018. We anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be approximately $30 million in the second quarter, with the full-year guidance of $105 million to $115 million remaining unchanged. Turning to corporate and interest. For the second quarter of 2018, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million and interest expenses are estimated to be in the range of $85 million to $90 million. Full-year guidance remains unchanged at $105 million to $115 million for corporate expenses and $345 million to $355 million for interest expenses. This concludes my remarks. We'll be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Morning.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Guys or maybe Mr. Hess, I wonder if you could opine on the latest thoughts on your disposal plans, and what I have specifically in mind is, obviously oil prices are a little healthier? Now Denmark appears, I believe that process is underway. So, if you could give an update, any expectations on the timing. If I could ask you to also address Libya and the Utica and was in the back of my mind is, obviously, Marathon say with Libya, and any other issues you think may contribute to non-core assets sales this year? I've got a follow-up question.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah, Doug, you know the sale process for our Denmark assets is ongoing. So I can't say more than that right now. And while we obviously can't comment specifically on the Total-Marathon transaction, in the normal course of business, we're always looking to high-grade and optimize our portfolio. So that's what we'd like to say on Libya, and for that matter on the Utica.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: If I may, the one that's missing then I guess is, you'd talked previously about potentially dropping down some additional Midstream assets to the joint venture with specifically Bakken water handling, is that still the plan for 2018?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes, that's still the plan, Doug, that we do plan to have that done in 2018.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Can you give an order of magnitude as to what the EBITDA associated with that is, John?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: No, not at this point. So, we are still putting together the assets that will be dropped and will be working with our partner GIP. And I'll have to give guidance on that a little bit later in the year, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. My follow-up if I may is probably for Greg, on his exploration in Guyana. Greg, couple of weeks ago Exxon suggested that Sorubim would be completed last weekend or thereabouts. I realize you're not the operator, but can you offer any color around what you might be seeing there in terms of the fact that it is taken over  it seems to be taking a little bit longer and what's on my mind there is Exxon had suggested that in a success case, there was a possibility of bringing our third rig into the basin. So, I'm just curious, if that's consistent with your thoughts and any color you can offer (27:57)? Thank you.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, Doug, thanks. I think the only thing we can say about Sorubim, right now is that well operations are still underway. And as I said in my opening remarks, following Sorubim that Bob Douglass is going to move and start drilling those development wells for Phase 1. And then again, just to remind, everyone, we also have operations going on in Liza-5. Liza-5 has been logged, cored and is currently undergoing a drill stem test, so that's sort of where we are on the block in terms of exploration and appraisal right now.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Do you have a connectivity result on Liza-5 yet, Greg?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, we don't yet, Doug, it's early in the test sequence.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks guys, I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bob Morris of Citi. Your line is now open.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. Nice progress in the quarter, gentlemen.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Greg, on the Bakken, it seems that you're a bit more encouraged by what limited results you've had on the 200-stage plug-and-perf style completions here going forward. And remind me, I think those costs maybe up to $500,000 per well more. And so, you did just raise the EURs based on the 60-stage sliding sleeve, but what sort of uplift are you thinking about or anticipating to sort of make this the go-forward design in moving to 200 stage plug-and-perf completions.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, thanks. Thanks for the question, Bob. In terms of the cost first, we're early in this process and costs are running between $6.5 million and $7 million for those 200-stage, 8.5 million pound proppant wells. But, we believe that's going to come down as we apply lean manufacturing just like we did with sliding sleeves. As we apply lean manufacturing to that process, we know that we'll be able to bring those costs down. As I said in my opening remarks, we really don't have any wells that we have plug-and-perf. We have seven online right now, but we don't have any that are past their IP90 dates. So, it's a little bit premature. The results are encouraging, but it's premature because we just don't have a statistical enough sample yet to be definitive about what the uplift is. It's positive, but I don't want to get specific beyond that. Now, our plans are because of the encouraging results, we are going to complete 40 plug-and-perfs this year and we'll have 25 wells online by year-end. And as I also said in my opening remarks that data was going to be critical for the study that we're conducting on the Bakken, which is really designed to, on a go-forward basis, determine what now is the optimum methodology to use for each area of the field as we think about further development of the Bakken.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. And my second question relates to that longer-term development plan we've had. Several companies talk about what they refer to as parent-child love relationships in other basins whereas some operators have said that in the Bakken, you actually see better performance from the infill wells versus the parallel, because parallel was drilled so long ago with older technology. Are you able to discern any relationship in that regard or is that just sort of being masked or overshadowed by the continued improvement in the type of completions you're applying here in trying to assess whether there is some degradation at some point on infill wells, or is it just too hard to tell with continuing to do better or higher intensity completions?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think in the Bakken the performance just continues to get bigger and better with the improvements we're making in completion design. I will say for us because we drill half of the DSU at a time, we actually have no parent-child relationship because what we'll do is we'll go and we'll drill half of the 1280 acres and then maybe 12 months to 18 months later, we'll come back and drill the other half of the 1280 acres. So that really minimizes any interference at all. So, there's no impact to us.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Maybe the first question on CapEx. It was relatively light in the quarter, how much of that was timing related? Fewer well completions in the Bakken in the quarter are you seeing any continued efficiencies that could drive lower than expected CapEx for the year?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Right now, it's really timing. I mean we were early in the year that always happens with our CapEx program. And as you know, as Greg mentioned, so as we move through the year we're bringing in a fifth rig into the Bakken in the third quarter and then the sixth six rig in the fourth quarter. And then also now, as Greg mentioned, we are going to have two rigs running in Guyana. So, there is as we move through the year was kind of more back-ended on the CapEx. So, again, everything is going with the execution and the CapEx plan is going really well. But at this point, I would still tell you 2.1 (33:23) for the year.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. And then maybe you touched  obviously we touched already on asset disposals. There have been and are a number of packages and probably may continue to be packages being shopped in the Bakken. Would you guys have any interest in acquiring additional resource in the Bakken, or would you consider most of the deals as being dilutive relative to your current asset quality, or what would you need to see to be interested in picking up additional resource there?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Look we're always looking to optimize our portfolio. Having said that anything that we could potentially acquire would have to compete with a high return projects we already have secured in our portfolio between the Bakken and Guyana. And thus far we haven't seen any package in the market that would compete favorably in terms of what we have already under our feet.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: On costs, can you discuss progress towards your cost reduction targets and milestones that you and we should be looking for? And can you also discuss the service cost environment in the Bakken as you add the two rigs and one crew?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. Brian I'll start on the cost reduction program, it is going along according to our plan. I mean you could see from the  as a milestone we did have the severance charge in the first quarter. As I mentioned the  from a head count standpoint there's approximately 400 employees and contractors affected by the reduction in force. Now not all, it's a little bit above 65% of those employees have left the company in the first quarter. And so there will continue to be reductions in force as we move through the year. As far as other aspects of our plan I mean we're starting here in the first quarter and what I would tell you with our plan we expect to have everything done by the fourth quarter. And then in the fourth quarter combined with the Enchilada field, the Conger coming back online and our increase in the Bakken you should begin to see the effects of our $150 million cost reduction program as well as the investments in our higher return assets driving our costs lower.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: And Brian in terms of the cost trends in the Bakken, you know cost trends are expected to increase anywhere from 5% to 15% versus last year depending on which commodity line you're talking about. But we've taken steps to contain those costs by locking in rig rates, putting in place longer term contracts, and forming strategic partnerships with our key suppliers. So, the steps we've taken coupled with our lean manufacturing approach, we're pretty confident that we can deliver our 2018 program with minimal inflation.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you. And then my follow-up is that you mentioned that I think you bought back the portion of the hedges collars that now give you exposure to the oil price upside about $65, I may have missed if you mentioned if there was a cost, cost to do that or an effective dollar barrel to do that. But now that there is more exposure to the upside to the degree that oil prices do stay here or move higher. Can you talk about how that impacts capital allocation either in terms of using that cash for incremental share repurchase or debt pay down or for reinvesting in the business?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah, right now, obviously, we're keeping the downside protection. But we felt it is prudent in the current oil environment to buy those collars back. John can talk further on the cost of that. So, we will benefit and our shareholders will benefit in the higher oil price environment that we're in. And again, our priority number one, two and three is to fund Guyana and future capital requirements not just for FPSO-1 but FPSO-2 and also the engineering for FPSO-3, continue the exploration and appraisal program and in that  and move up to six rigs in the Bakken, in that it's really important and we've talked about this before to keep a strong balance sheet and cash position. So you know, incremental cash right now will just be keeping that balance sheet strong for the funding requirements that we see going forward. In terms of any further share repurchases to be contemplated, one let's finish the $1.5 billion program we have which we will do this year, and two, as we look into next year, we'll see where our capital requirements are specifically on Guyana and we'll see where the oil prices and at that time we can give consideration to further return of capital to shareholders. John, you might want to talk about the other.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure, on cost of the buying out the call options, it was approximately $50 million. Now in my guidance that I gave that is reflected in the amortization of the premiums on our hedge contract. So as I mentioned, so for the next three quarters of 2018, the results will be reduced by $45 million a quarter due to the buyout of those call options.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I just have a quick question. And on the Bakken, Greg, have you seen any cost inflation really start to picking up? I mean, Permian we heard that they have difficulty getting enough staff or equipment that when they start to see some other area they're moving the equipment and people there. So how's that looking in the course and the availability of the equipment?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And also when you're talking about Bakken can you also talk about you're saying that you're going to reach a 175,000 barrel per day by 2021, is that the better way (39:51) or that's subject to say other factor that you may change what is the better way (39:59)?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, first of all, on the cost trends, Paul, thanks for the question. As I responded to the last person, you know, we do expect the cost trends they increased by some 5% to 15%, very different than the Permian simply because if you look at the rate of growth of rigs in the Bakken it's much smaller than it is in the Permian. So, it's kind of onesie, twosie I say, people growing by one or two rigs. So, the rate of increase is not substantial. Now, we've taken a lot of steps to contain those costs by locking in some rig rates, putting in place longer term contracts, forming strategic partners with our key suppliers. And we're pretty confident that the steps we've taken and our lean manufacturing approach is going to enable us to deliver our 2018 program with minimal inflation. There'll be some but it'll be minimal, we think we can cover most of that. So very different than the Permian. Regarding the 175,000 barrels of oil a day in 2021 that's the only assumption in there is that we maintain six rigs for the next couple of years to get us to the 175,000 barrels of oil a day.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But, should we look at it from a resource standpoint and holistically that that will be the sweet spot you're going to get to 175,000 barrels of oil a day and you're just going to staying at that level for a number of years or that may change also? So trying to understand what you guys have in mind and targeting?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, I think at this point the 175,000 barrels of oil a day is appears to be the sweet spot. Then we can maintain that for several years in the Bakken and of course, that's a combination of infrastructure build out and whatnot. And that's why the 175,000 barrels of oil a day appears to be a sweet spot. The only caveat I will put on that is we are conducting this comprehensive Bakken study this year and so depending on the outcomes of that study that could dictate how long you hold that peak, how fast you get there are some other factors. So that's the only caveat I'd put on that.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And let's go back into the cause. Have you seen people and the equipment being moved out from Bakken into Permian?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Not. Certainly, it hasn't affected us at all and that's all that I'm concerned about, is that it doesn't affect us.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And for John Rielly that the second question on the unit DD&A why from the first quarter to the second quarter you were jumped that much?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So from the guidance that we gave you remember Paul, since we're giving the guidance ex-Libya on there. So, if you're looking at actual costs that we had in the first quarter going into our second quarter guidance, so without Libya, right, our production is going to be lower, our cash costs are going to be lower and our DD&A. I'm sorry our cash costs will be higher and our DD&A will be higher and then our tax rate will be lower. So, there's really no change if you want to say quarter-on-quarter for the DD&A. It's just from a guidance purposes, we don't have Libya in there.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. So that if I  so maybe then, let me ask then in the first quarter if you are excluding Libya, what was the cash cost and unit DD&A?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So that you could add about  yes, you can add about a $1.50 to the DD&A rate and you can add about $1 to the cash cost.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I see. So that's why you're saying that sequentially, as we need not such a big difference in anywhere.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Correct, correct.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Thank you. Good morning.
Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just to kick a little harder on the Bakken on the kind of service costs, and just what's going on there in terms of productivity. Are you seeing pressure on the pricing side, I know the question was asked about kind of labor and so forth. But any general pressure on any part of the service sector there for you?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think you know as I said before that, here the cost trends are expected to increase 5% to 15% depending on the commodity line. You're talking about on the upper end would be the pumping services, on the lower end it would be the sand and kind of other commodities. So  but again with the steps we've taken by locking in the rig rates, putting in place longer term contracts, forming the strategic partnership with our key suppliers and lean manufacturing. We think that, we can execute our 2018 program with relatively minimal inflation.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then switching gears a little bit, your  the Gulf of Mexico has come back a little quicker than expected. I know you still are predicting the last part of it or budgeting the last part of it for late September. But is there a rational way to approach that, a reasonable way to approach that, that it could come on a little bit quicker just sort of gone by what the operators been saying?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah. So, I think as we said the instantaneous rate that was off at the end of year was 30,000 barrels a day after that came on in the first quarter, in March the other half we're projecting to be on by the start of the fourth quarter. The operator is still forecasting kind of June, July sort of a timeframe, so yes, there could be a little bit of upside, but obviously that depends on weather and all kinds of factor. So, we've got a little bit more conservatism built-in given it's a brownfield project, and we'll just see kind of where we end up.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then just the last question on the Sorubim well, if I remember correctly, it's sort of a different structure than what we saw with Payara, so the fact that it's taking a little longer to drill that, I would assume make sense or was within the budgeted expectations?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah, it's definitely within the budgeted expectations, and yes, it is a different play type, it's onlapping sediments on to a carbonate shelf margin, so.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: And, I can add just from a cost standpoint, because that is some of the benefits of drilling exploration wells in Guyana, just that typical exploration well there is our gross well cost is around $50 million, so net to us is about $15 million. So that's kind of a typical exploration well there.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Guy Baber of Simmons & Company. Your line is now open.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thanks for taking the question, everyone.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: So, the Bakken production during the quarter, obviously, seemed especially strong in light of you guys only bringing on 13 wells, and some of the plug-and-perf wells likely contributed, but can you talk a little bit more about the outperformance and how well productivity is shaping up relative to what is assumed in the full-year production guidance of 115,000 to 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. It just appears that that guidance might be a little conservative due to what you guys delivered at 1Q and the schedule and the number of wells you're planning to bring on the rest of the year?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Thanks for the question. A couple of comments. First of all that, the first quarter was strong and that was mainly driven by drilling wells in Keene, which is really our best area of the field. So that mix changes as you go throughout the year, but Keene performed particularly well during the first quarter and in our Investor pack, we show the IP180s in Keene and Stony Creek and East Nesson and Capa. And we've said, those IPs are north of 100,000 barrels, IP180s north of 100,000 barrels. Keene is coming exceptionally strong. So, if you weight average that and assume that Keene is going to continue to perform, our IP180s for the year will actually be some 15% to 20% higher than what's in our current investor pack. And that's a step-up from last year as we said of 10% to 15%. So yes, there's upside, driven mainly by Keene. If you look at East Nesson South, Stony Creek and Capa, they're coming in at about where we expected, but Keene has really outperformed. So very strong performance from Keene. As I said, the plug-and-perf wells, we just don't have enough to be statistically significant. There's only seven online, none of which have gone beyond IP90. So, it's just early days on that. But, it is encouraging. So, there is a little bit of additional volume associated with those plug-and-perf wells.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: That's helpful. Thank you. And then you all have been clear that the top priority for capital is prefunding Guyana. I was just hoping you could shed a little bit more light on the longer term plans there? And specifically, how you see the balance of cash inflow versus CapEx shaping up over time, especially with three phases happening and the discovered resource to do much more than that. But you all have highlighted rapid cash pay back there, cost recovery will help I'm sure. But can you just talk through maybe in a little bit more detail or give us a framework as to what point Guyana actually becomes self-funding or begins to generate excess cash flow on kind of base case expectations or plans?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Sure. So, the way as we mentioned in the scripts earlier, Phase 1 Exxon is planning to bring on by 2020. When that production comes on, we're beginning to pick up significant cash flow, but Guyana itself is going to be still maybe more in a breakeven to maybe a slight deficit as we go forward with Phase 2 and Phase 3 capital. Then what happens when Phase 2 comes on and remember that's a bigger FPSO 220,000 barrels per day, when that comes on and let's just say it's two years for now somewhere mid-ish 2022, just for an assumption standpoint. Guyana begins to throw off significant free cash flow at that point in time. So, our production with our 30% share in there gets over 100,000 barrels a day once that ship comes on in Guyana, then basically that supports all future capital in Guyana once the Phase 2 production comes on.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great, that makes sense. And then I had one more follow-up on the 1Q cash flow number, but the pre-working capital cash flow number looked very strong, but obviously there were some meaningful working capital headwinds that you all called out. You had a large working capital drag last year, but with the divestment of some of your cash consuming assets, we'd expected that issue to maybe go away this year. So, can you talk a little bit more about the extent to which some of these issues that affected 1Q bottom line cash flow may or may not persist going forward?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Sure. So, what we have in the first quarter, let me just first talk about kind of, if you want to call it normal, but still non-recurring type pulls on working capital in the first quarter. So, as we said, there was a reduction in accounts payable and accrued liabilities. What happens in the first quarter, typically most companies, we're paying our bonuses in the first quarter. So, you're accruing through the year and then you're paying that bonus. So, you have that always in the first quarter. And then in our first and third quarters is where we pay basically semi-annually then the interest payments on our public bonds. So typically, you'll see a type of working capital pull for interest payments in our first and third quarter. Then the other one now, this is not recurring, I mentioned earlier was, we bought our call options on the WTI, so that was approximately $50 million. That will not recur. And then the only other thing I need to remind everyone on is, is we are still going through kind of the remnants of our portfolio reshaping, and we are going through a cost reduction program. So for example, we have that severance, we will be then paying severance off in the remainder of the year. So, you're going to see still some remnants of that portfolio reshaping and that's why I like to say, as I mentioned earlier, by the fourth quarter, we'll have gotten through our cost reduction program and all that benefits will begin to be shown through as you see in the fourth quarter and then into 2019. So again, nothing unusual except for really the buyout of the WTI call options and then further transition costs you may see through the year.
Guy Baber - Simmons Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Hall of Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is now open.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks. I guess I just wanted to follow-up on a couple of things. First, in the Williston, I think there's some tighter flaring regulations coming in in the back half of the year. How are you guys set up to handle that? And then second, in the second quarter on that 115,000 BOE a day what's the expected wells put to sales to support that?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Okay. So, on the first question, we don't have any issue with the flaring regulations coming up, we're set up well for that, why? Because we have 250 million cubic feet capacity at Tioga Gas Plant that can be expanded to 300 million cubic feet for very little capital, we won't need that this year but that's certainly an option out in the future. Q1 processing volumes are 214 million cubic feet, so you can see that we've got, we've got room to go there. And then secondly, thinking ahead we're adding a 100 million cubic feet of net capacity south of the river at the Targa JV that are Midstream announced. So because of those reasons we'll be set up  we'll be set up well for handling any flaring constraints. And your second question...
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Yeah.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: ...was related to wells, is that correct?
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Yeah, just how many wells do you expect to have turned to sales in the second quarter?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yes, our current forecast is to have 23 wells online in the second quarter versus 13 wells in the first quarter.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. And then, I guess the other follow-up is on, just uses of capital in this more elevated commodity environment. What would you say a targeted debt level would be on a dollar basis as you look towards 2019, 2020 just kind of on a longer-term basis as you enter the full Guyana development phase?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Our plan is that, we can fund, so we set up through our asset sale program that we pre-funded Guyana. So, we do not intend to go to the debt markets for any additional requirements for Guyana or for anything else that we have. So, we're set up from a pre-funded standpoint. So, you could expect our debt level to stay where it is after we finish our debt reduction initiative.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Yeah. I guess, I was thinking the other side, are there any further debt reduction targets that you think through on a longer database (56:13)?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: This is  John Hess mentioned earlier. So, what we'll do is, as we finish out this debt reduction plan, the $500 million and our stock buyback of $1.5 billion, as we'll finish that out. Again, our priorities are to make sure that we have Guyana pre-funded, because that's truly transformational. And then maintain a strong balance sheet. So, we want to be investment grade, maintain that investment grade, balance sheet, and then excess cash beyond that, we will be considering for stock buybacks or debt buybacks at that time.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. Understood. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question, guys. You've been asked about costs in the U.S., I would kind of expand that to what you're seeing in the offshore arena. So, as you're contracting for new rigs or development equipment in Indiana, how are those costs tracking relative to your original expectations from when Liza project was originally sanctioned a year ago?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Great. Thanks for the question, Pavel. The Deepwater offshore market continues to be oversupplied given the extended period of low activity that John talked about in his opening remarks. And as a result, we expect to see minimal if any cost inflation. In terms of Guyana Phase 2 versus Phase 1, costs are coming in lower, actually lower than for Phase 1 for most of the commodity line. So again, you're seeing that continue to oversupply reflect itself in Guyana Phase 2 as well.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, that's helpful. And then a quick one about the dividends. So, it's been about five years since you've taking that down to $0.25 a quarter. Is that, at all, on the agenda as far as an increase goes alongside the buyback that you're implementing?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: On the dividend itself, that we want to see us being cash flow generative with our current capital requirements and our current dividend on a recurring basis for us to consider going up on that. We're not quite there yet. Obviously 2020, we start seeing our company being cash flow generative in a $50 world on a recurring basis. So, at that time, we can consider what's the best way to enhance return of capital to shareholders. And obviously, I talked earlier about how we're thinking about next year in terms of capital through share repurchases based upon funding Guyana, and keeping a strong balance sheet and cash position for future Phase of Guyana. And obviously, the oil price environment. So that sort of how we think about return of capital.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right. Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael McAllister of MUFG Securities. Your line is now open.
Michael McAllister - MUFG Securities America, Inc.: Thank you for taking my call. My question is about the Bakken, the scenario you're kind of presenting it's looking like a 50% increase in rigs could lead to a 30% increase in wells tilled for 2019?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: So again, yeah we are taking the rig count up. We'll add a fifth rig in third quarter and a sixth rig in fourth quarter. So that's true our actual wells online will go up in 2019 relative to 2018.
Michael McAllister - MUFG Securities America, Inc.: And can I take that further to say that production would be or could be 20% to 25% higher?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, I think you know again, thinking about where we are on the road to 175,000 BOE in 2021, you're right the rate of increase will go up in 2019 as a result of that higher number of wells online.
Michael McAllister - MUFG Securities America, Inc.: Okay. Thank you for that. And then to 2019 any thoughts on hedging at these prices?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So, we will be you know we continue to look at our hedging program. We've made some changes as you know in 2018. As of right now, we don't have any hedges on in 2019. We're continuing to look at it. Obviously, the curve is a bit backward dated and when you're this far from 2019, it is expensive on that time value with the volatility. So, at this point, we haven't had anything, but we'll continue to look at that. And then, obviously, as we continue move up as Greg was saying with the Bakken increase in production, production increase in next year, we don't have as much of a cash deficit as you move into 2019 and we don't have a funding deficit at all because of the asset sales. So any hedging we probably do would not be at the same level we did in 2018, but we'll continue to look at putting hedges on in 2019.
Michael McAllister - MUFG Securities America, Inc.: All right. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning. Greg, I was wondering if you could just maybe comment a little bit more on the study you're doing in the Bakken to determine the optimal development methodology and just give us a sense of what you're looking at and how could things potentially change?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. So I think, it's the right time to do the study in the Bakken because the Bakken is at an inflection point. We're adding rig count. We're changing, potentially changing methodology on completion type. And so, it's a good time just to step back and say, okay given that plug-and-perf looks like it's coming into the mix, how do we think about our development methodologies for various parts of the field. What's that mean for the core? What's that mean for outside the core? What's that mean for well spacing? Does that change our thinking on well spacing? All of these factors are going to go into this study to really define in the back-half of the year what is our revised development methodology going forward in the Bakken. So it's really a good time to do it, because we have more DSUs in the core than anyone else, we're stepping up the rig count, so it's time to just step back and really think thoughtfully where  how we want to take this asset forward.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And results will be later this year or something like that?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, it will be, I think we've talked about in Investor Day, fourth quarter of the year, we'd obviously share our result for that in the Investor Day.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And just my follow-up, it sounds like results in 1Q in the Bakken outperformed, just given a better than results at Keene. Could you talk a little bit about the mix of the Keene versus outside of Keene for your 2018 completions? And would you think that your overall Bakken guidance is conservative just given the performance at Keene?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, again it's early in the air and Keene did outperform. And if you look at our programs of the 95 wells that we've guided to be online this year, 40 of those wells are in Keene, 25 of those are in Stony Creek, 20 are in East Nesson South and 10 are in Capa. And if you look at our investor presentation we actually showed the EURs in the IP180s for each of those areas. As I said Stony Creek, East Nesson South and Capa are coming in at about what we expected. But Keene is one that's really so far outperforming this year.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from John Herrlin of Socit Gnrale. Your line is now open.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Yeah. Thank you. Following-up on what you were saying on the Bakken, Greg. Does this mean you're trying to better figure out your spacing densities, or should we assume that given the results of your study down the line that may go to longer wells in terms of the completions?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think, John, thanks for the question. I think all of that is part of what the study will look at. As you know, we've been developing the Bakken on very tight spacing and so fracture geometry control is really, really important given that you're on tight spacing with limited entry plug-and-perf now, the methodology is such that you can get tighter fracture geometry control, but also a lot more entry points in the wellbore. So, if that's true that could affect your well spacing assumption, but way too early to predict what the outcome is going to be. That's one of the elements of the study that we'll be looking at. And it could vary depending on where you are on the field because obviously in the core you've got a lot more natural fracturing that's helping you out to get outside the core you don't have as much so all these things will be part of the study that we're looking at in the Bakken with the ultimate objective to maximize DSU and overall NPV for the Bakken asset.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Great. And one, the follow-up on Guyana. I was able to see Chorus (66:24) the other day with Exxon and it looked to me like the reservoirs weren't super well cemented, and look like calcite cements, were you at all surprised by that?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Not really. No. I  and it  again it's  these wells are going to produce like gangbusters as you know just based on your look at the core. So, we weren't surprised by it and we're not particularly concerned about it.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: No, I did think it was a concern I just...
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: ... that looked like great rock. That's all.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Great rock. Yeah. Thanks
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phillip Jungwirth of BMO. Your line is now open.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. I think the Penn State well in the Gulf of Mexico is expected to be brought online in March and was just curious if there is any update here on timing, and also the rate of that well?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. So, the well did come on in March as planned and we're currently in ramp up operations on that well, just like Stampede wells, we're bringing these wells on slowly in the Miocene, adjusting the chokes slowly. That well is expected to be in the range of 5,000 barrels to 10,000 barrels a day once it gets to full choke.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay, great. And then on the Bakken, you've talked about this asset as meaning to be a free cash generator to the corporation. Just looking at 2018 and maybe 2019, do you have a sense for what the free cash flow profiles of this asset would be at current oil prices, and how that can influence the decision to move beyond six rigs planned for year-end?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Sure. So again, at this point we are just planning on the fifth rigs and sixth rigs being added in the second half of the year with where prices are even with prices lower the Bakken was going to be generating a little free cash flow in 2018 and that's again because when you bring on the fifth and sixth rigs you're really not getting any production from those rigs yet that goes into 2019. Then as we increase production, it was 1920, then getting up to the 175,000 barrels a day and obviously holding six rigs, the Bakken will generate significant cash flow. A lot in 2019 and even more in 2020 and 2021 and that that's says, we've always said in the near-term that's what's driving us to be able to be free cash flow positive at $50 Brent post 2020 and then it's when Guyana and really that Phase 2 comes in that really continues to drive up our free cash flow. So, at this point in time we  there's no plans to go above the six rigs or a 175,000 barrel at a target is on that six rigs. But as Greg said, we are looking, we're doing a study and we'll let you know, if we make any changes but at this point in time there is no change to our six rigs.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp. John B. Hess - Hess Corp. Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp. John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.
Analysts: Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2017 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Ayeila, and I will be your operator for today. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Ayeila. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information, which will be provided on our website during the Hess Midstream Partners Conference call today at 4:30 PM. Now, as usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I will review our overall strategy and plans. Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance and 2018 guidance, and John Rielly will review our financial results. Our company is making significant progress in our strategy: to grow our resource base in a capital-disciplined manner; to move down the cost curve so that we are resilient in a low oil price environment; and to be cash-generative at a $50 per barrel Brent oil price post 2020. In 2017, consistent with our strategy, we moved aggressively to high-grade and focus our portfolio by investing in our highest return assets in Guyana and the Bakken and divesting higher cost mature assets. This portfolio high-grading in turn is lowering our cash unit operating costs, bolstering our balance sheet and enabling us to pre-fund our world-class Guyana oil developments while also returning capital to shareholders and reducing debt. Our portfolio is now focused on Guyana and the Bakken as our growth engines and Malaysia and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico as our cash engines. On a pro forma basis, we expect to generate capital-efficient compound annual production growth of approximately 10% per year through 2020. The combination of investing in lower cost assets and divesting higher cost assets along with a meaningful $150 million annual cost reduction program is expected to drive our cash unit production cost down by approximately 30% to less than $10 per barrel of oil equivalent by 2020. As a result, we expect to generate cash flow growth of more than 20% per year at a $50 per barrel Brent oil price and more than 30% per year at a $60 per barrel Brent oil price through 2020. In terms of our portfolio high-grading, our asset monetizations in 2017 resulted in total proceeds of $3.4 billion and the release of $1.3 billion of asset retirement obligations. In October, we announced the sale of our mature higher-cost assets in Norway for total proceeds of $2 billion and Equatorial Guinea for total proceeds of $650 million. Both transactions closed in the fourth quarter as planned. These sales followed the divestiture of our mature Permian enhanced oil recovery assets in August for total proceeds of $600 million and the successful IPO of Hess Midstream Partners in April that resulted in net proceeds of $175 million. In addition, we have commenced a sales process for our interest in Denmark, which we expect to complete in 2018. Proceeds from our asset sales will first and foremost be used to pre-fund our world-class investment opportunity in Guyana. In addition, we plan to increase from four rigs to six rigs in the Bakken in the second half of 2018, where we have a robust inventory of high-return drilling locations. Also, we intend to buy back up to $500 million in stock and reduce debt of $500 million. As we get further clarity on the capital requirements for future phases of development in Guyana as well as the outlook for oil prices, we plan to evaluate additional returns of capital to shareholders. Key to our strategy is our position in Guyana, an extraordinary oil investment opportunity that is uniquely advantaged by its scale, reservoir quality, cost, rapid cash paybacks and superior financial returns. The Stabroek block in Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest, covers 6.6 million acres and contains a massive world-class resource that keeps getting bigger and better. We have discovered some of the highest quality reservoirs in the world with high porosity and permeability that are expected to deliver very high recovery factors and production rates. Also, ExxonMobil, as a world-class operator, brings extensive project management experience and a great track record with this type of development. In January, we announced a sixth oil discovery on the Stabroek block with a Ranger-1 well, which encountered 230 feet of high-quality oil-bearing carbonate reservoir. This world-class discovery confirms the presence of a working petroleum system more than 60 miles northwest of the Liza development area, increasing the prospectivity of this part of the block where we see a number of large exploration prospects. Excluding Ranger, estimated gross discovered recoverable resources on the block were recently increased to more than 3.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent, up from the prior range of 2.5 billion to 2.8 billion barrels of oil equivalent. In addition, we continue to see multi-billion barrels of additional exploration potential across the block. The Liza Phase 1 development, which was sanctioned last June, will develop approximately 450 million barrels of oil through an FPSO vessel that will have the gross capacity to produce up to 120,000 barrels of oil per day. Development drilling is planned to start later this year. First production from the Liza Phase 1 development is expected in March 2020. An application for an environmental permit to develop the second phase at Liza has been submitted. The concept involves a larger FPSO and subsea systems that would have a production capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day with startup expected by mid-2022. As you may have seen from ExxonMobil's announcement last Friday, planning is also underway for a third phase of development with an FPSO at Payara, closely following Liza Phase 2. The size of this third ship will be a function of future appraisal drilling. With $7 per barrel unit development cost for Liza Phase 1 and cash payback in approximately three years at a $50 per barrel Brent oil price, our investment opportunity in Guyana is one of the most attractive in the world today. Now, turning to our 2017 financial results. Our adjusted net loss was $1.4 billion compared to $1.5 billion in 2016. And cash flow from operations before changes in working capital was $1.7 billion, up from $842 million in the prior year. As you saw in our release, we took a non-cash charge of $1.7 billion in the fourth quarter for an accounting write-down of our Tubular Bells and Stampede assets to fair value. John Rielly we'll talk more about this. But the charge was required under the accounting rules given our lower long-term oil price outlook and has no impact on our portfolios' ability to generate free cash flow at a $50 per barrel Brent to oil price post 2020. In terms of 2017 reserve replacement, we had an outstanding year. We replaced 351% percent of production with proved reserve additions of 397 million barrels of oil equivalent at an F&D cost of just over $5 per barrel of oil equivalent. Proved reserves at yearend stood at 1.15 billion barrels of oil equivalent, higher than 2016 even with asset sales that reduced reserves by 239 million barrels and production of 113 million barrels of oil equivalent during 2017. And our reserve life was 10.2 years. Full year production for 2017 was 295,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Pro forma for the sales of our interest in Norway, Equatorial Guinea and Permian-enhanced oil recovery assets, our production 2017 was 242,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. In 2018, our production is forecast to average between 245,000 and 255,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. This forecast reflects reduced production of 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day due to asset sales and 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day due to the unplanned shutdown of Shell's Enchilada platform in the Gulf of Mexico, which is expected to be partially offset by growth in the Bakken and higher volumes from North Malay Basin. From our 2017 pro forma base of 242,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, we remain on track to deliver 10% compounded annual production growth through 2020. Now, turning to the Bakken, our largest operated growth asset. We have an industry-leading position with more than 500,000 net acres in the core of the play and are on track to grow production to approximately 175,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2021 compared to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2017. Through the application of geo steering, optimized spacing, higher stage counts and profit loading, we have increased our well productivity by approximately 50% over the last two years. These improvements, together with our low drilling and completion costs, have enabled us to generate returns that are competitive with any shale play in the United States. The increased activity from two additional rigs in 2018 is expected to generate capital-efficient production growth of 15% to 20% per year through 2020 and deliver average returns that are in the range of 40% to 50% at a $50 per barrel WTI price from 2018 wells online. Bakken production in 2017 averaged 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and in 2018 is forecast to average between 115,000 and 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In summary, we continue to execute on our strategy, and our reshaped portfolio is positioned to deliver a decade-plus of capital-efficient growth, with increasing cash generation and returns to shareholders. The success of our asset sales program in 2017 further focuses our portfolio on higher return assets and lowers our cash unit costs, while strengthening our balance sheet to fund our world-class oil investment opportunity in Guyana, which we believe will create significant value for our shareholders for many years to come. Now, Greg.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thanks, John. 2017 was marked by strong execution, both strategically and operationally. First, in terms of our developments, we achieved first gas in July at the North Malay Basin full field development where Hess holds a 50% interest and is operator, safely, on time and under budget. During the fourth quarter, North Malay Basin reached its planned plateau rate of approximately 165 million cubic feet of net gas per day, establishing the asset as a significant long-term, low-cost cash generator for the company. Throughout 2017, we also successfully advanced development of the Stampede field, where Hess is operator and has a 25% interest. I'm pleased to announce that we have achieved first oil from the field in January. The Hess team, working effectively with our partners Chevron, Statoil, and Nexen, delivered a highly complex project in just over three years from sanction safely, ahead of schedule, and under budget. We intend to gradually ramp up production over the next 18 months. Second, in the Bakken, we executed successful pilots of 60-stage completions with increased proppant loading, which confirmed that we are getting a 10% to 15% uplift in IP180 productivity and expected ultimate recovery, or EUR, from our previous standard. As a result, we've increased our EUR estimate from our Bakken acreage to 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent from our previous estimate of 1.7 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Wells brought online in 2018 are expected to deliver an average EUR of greater than 1 million barrels of oil equivalent and generate returns of 40% to 50% at a $50 per barrel WTI. In addition, we've increased by 25% the number of wells that can deliver a 15% return or higher at $50 per barrel WTI to 1,780 wells, which represents more than 60% of our remaining well inventory. Third, on the 6.6 million acre Stabroek block in Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest, the extraordinary exploration success continues with discoveries in 2017 at Payara, Snoek, Liza Deep and Turbot. In January, we announced a sixth oil discovery. The Ranger-1 well encountered approximately 230 feet of high-quality, oil-bearing carbonate reservoir. This is important in that it demonstrates a working petroleum system more than 60 miles northwest of Liza and opens up multiple further play types across the Stabroek block. Excluding Ranger, discovered recoverable resources for the block were increased to 3.2 billion gross barrels of oil equivalent, more than triple the estimate from this time last year. In June 2017, we sanctioned the first phase of Liza development, which will develop on a gross basis approximately 450 million barrels of oil through an FPSO vessel with gross capacity of 120,000 barrels of oil per day. First production from the Liza Phase 1 development is expected in March 2020. Fourth, we successfully executed $3.4 billion of monetizations in 2017, with values and timing that exceeded expectations. Fifth, we delivered proved reserve additions of 397 million net barrels of oil equivalent, representing an organic replacement rate of 351% and an F&D cost of just over $5 per barrel of oil equivalent. About 70% of the additions were in the Bakken, reflecting new proved undeveloped reserves, improved prices, and our enhanced completion designs. Other significant additions include North Malay Basin and Stampede, as well as initial reserve bookings in Guyana. Now, turning to results and starting with production. In the fourth quarter, production averaged 282,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. This result reflects unplanned downtime at the Shell-operated Enchilada platform in the Gulf of Mexico, which experienced a fire on November 8 and remains down. As a result, production is shut-in at our Baldpate, Conger and Penn State fields, as well as the Shell-operated Llano field with a daily production impact of approximately 30,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. The operator is working to safely restore production. Excluding Libya, full-year 2017 production averaged 295,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, which reflects an impact from the unplanned downtime in Enchilada of approximately 4,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. In 2018, we forecast production to average between 245,000 and 255,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. This forecast reflects the divestments completed in 2017, representing approximately 60,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day and an estimated annual impact from Enchilada of 15,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day over 2018. Our forecast also reflects higher year-over-year production from the Bakken and North Malay Basin of 12,000 and 15,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, respectively, as well as increasing production from Stampede. We forecast production in the first quarter of 2018 to average in the range of 220,000 to 225,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, increasing to between 265,000 and 275,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter, as our impacted Gulf of Mexico production is reinstated and as Bakken and Stampede ramp up. On a pro forma basis, net production is forecast to grow by approximately 10% per year between 2017 and 2020. Now, turning to the Bakken. In the fourth quarter, production averaged 110,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, which represented an increase of more than 15% from the year-ago quarter. Oil production in the fourth quarter was 69,000 net barrels per day versus 63,000 net barrels per day for the third quarter of 2017. For the full-year 2017, production averaged 105,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. In 2018, we plan to add a fifth rig in the Bakken during the third quarter and a sixth rig during the fourth quarter. The timing reflects permitting and the efficiency of doing road and pad construction during the fair weather period between May and October. We expect to drill approximately 120 wells and bring approximately 95 new wells online over the year, compared to 85 wells drilled and 68 wells brought online in 2017. For the first quarter, we expect Bakken production to average approximately 105,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting a modest reduction in NGL volumes due to market factors. Oil volumes are expected to remain flat with the fourth quarter of 2017. For the full-year 2018, we forecast our Bakken production to average between 115,000 and 120,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, approximately 12% above 2017 levels. Longer term, we continue to forecast steady Bakken production growth to approximately 175,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2021 with a maximum rig count of 6. Moving offshore, in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, production averaged 40,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 54,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full-year 2017, reflecting the unplanned downtime at the Shell-operated Enchilada platform discussed earlier. As a consequence, we forecast 2018 production from our deepwater Gulf of Mexico assets to average approximately 50,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, which again assumes a full year production impact of 15,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the fourth quarter, when all impacted fields are expected to be back online, we forecast Gulf of Mexico production to average approximately 65,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. At the Malaysia-Thailand joint development area in the Gulf of Thailand in which Hess has a 50% interest, production averaged 35,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 37,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full year 2017. Net production is forecast to average approximately 36,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2018. At the North Malay Basin, also in the Gulf of Thailand, net production averaged 26,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day over the fourth quarter and is forecast to also average approximately 26,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2018. Turning to Guyana. Following completion of the Ranger-1 well, the Stena Carron drillship has now spud the Pacora prospect, which is located 4 miles west of the Payara discovery. Additional exploration drilling is planned on the Stabroek Block for 2018, including appraisal of the Liza, Turbot and Ranger discoveries as well as a wider exploration program that will target additional prospects and play types on the block where we continue to see multi-billion barrels of exploration upside. Development activities are also continuing on the Stabroek Block. The Liza Phase 1 development is progressing and remains on track for first oil in March 2020. Conversion of a VLCC, very large crude carrier, to an FPSO is progressing; and development drilling is planned to start later this year. In addition, planning for the second phase of development of Liza is underway. That is expected to utilize an FPSO with a gross production capacity of approximately 220,000 barrels of oil per day. Startup for Lisa Phase 2 is expected by mid-2022. A third phase of development will focus on the Payara area and is expected to closely follow Liza Phase 2. In Suriname, where Hess holds a 33% interest in the 1.3-million acre Block 42 along with Chevron and the operator Kosmos, interpretation of 3D seismic continues and we are seeing a set of attractive prospects and leads similar to those seen on Stabroek. A first exploration well on the block is planned for the second half of 2018. At the 2.8-million acre Block 59, where Hess also holds a 30%  33% interest together with Statoil and the operator Exxon Mobil, plans are underway to acquire 2D seismic in 2018. In Canada, Hess has partnered with operator BP to explore four deepwater frontier licenses offshore Nova Scotia, which combined are equal in size to approximately 600 deepwater Gulf of Mexico OCS blocks. Hess has a 50% working interest. Based on 3D seismic data, the geology appears analogous to deepwater Gulf of Mexico. A first play test is planned to spud in the second quarter of 2018. In closing, in 2017, Hess once again demonstrated strong execution on all fronts. We have taken proactive steps to high-grade our portfolio, move down the cost curve and build a business that will be cash flow-generative down to $50 per barrel Brent post 2020. Our leading position in the Bakken promises continuing growth and material future cash flow. Exploration results to-date underline the exceptional world-class potential for the Stabroek Block in Guyana, and we are excited by potential extensions of the plays into Blocks 42 and 59 in neighboring Suriname. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the fourth quarter of 2017 to the third quarter of 2017 and provide guidance for 2018. We incurred a net loss of $2.677 billion in the fourth quarter of 2017 compared with a net loss of $624 million in the previous quarter. Our adjusted net loss, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, was $304 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 compared with an adjusted net loss of $324 million in the previous quarter. Fourth quarter results include an after-tax gain of $486 million from the sale of our interest in Equatorial Guinea and an after-tax loss of $857 million from the sale of our interest in Norway, both in line with estimates provided in our third quarter Form 10-Q. The fourth quarter also includes charges related to the Tubular Bells and Stampede Fields in the Gulf of Mexico totaling $1.7 billion primarily based on a fourth quarter reduction to our long-term oil price outlook used in our impairment tests. The charge related to Tubular Bells is $605 million, while the charge related to Stampede is $1.095 billion, where we incurred significant exploration and appraisal costs prior to unitizing into the Stampede project. In addition, we fully impaired our Deepwater Tano/Cape Three Points project offshore Ghana with an after-tax charge of $280 million based on management's decision to not pursue that development project. We are currently evaluating options to monetize our Ghana asset. Turning to the new tax law. In December, the new Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law, providing broad changes to the taxation of both domestic and foreign operations. We do not expect any U.S. federal cash tax on the deemed repatriation of unremitted earnings of our foreign subsidiaries, and the impact of the change in alternative minimum tax rules was immaterial. Further, we still do not anticipate any U.S. federal cash taxes over at least the next five years. Our tax loss carry-forwards and tax basis and fixed assets as of December 31, 2017 will continue to provide a significant cash tax shield. And under the new law, substantially all of our foreign earnings will qualify for exemption from U.S. federal tax. The decrease in the corporate tax rate to 21% from 35% leads to an approximate $1.475 billion reduction to our U.S. net deferred tax asset, which predominantly relates to the NOL carry-forward. A corresponding reduction in the previously established U.S. valuation allowance offsets this adjustment. Consequently, the re-measurement of deferred taxes using the newly enacted tax rate has no net impact on the income statement or balance sheet. Turning to E&P. On an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $219 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 compared with a net loss of $238 million in the third quarter of 2017. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the fourth quarter and third quarter of 2017 were as follows: higher realized selling prices improved results by $133 million; non-cash option premium amortization on crude oil collars reduced results by $38 million; the change in mix of sales volumes reduced results by $33 million; higher exploration expenses, primarily seismic costs, reduced results by $32 million; higher cash costs reduced results by $17 billion; lowered DD&A expense improved results by $18 million. All other items reduced results by $12 million for an overall improvement in fourth quarter results of $19 million. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding specials and Libyan operations, was an expense of 21% for the fourth quarter of 2017 due primarily to the accounting for assets held-for-sale, compared with a benefit of 18% in the third quarter. Turning to Midstream. The Midstream segment had net income of $20 million in the fourth quarter compared to adjusted net income of $22 million in the third quarter of 2017. Midstream EBITDA, before the non-controlling interest and excluding specials, amounted to $113 million in the fourth quarter compared to $109 million in the third quarter of 2017. Turning to corporate and interest. After-tax corporate and interest expenses were $105 million in the fourth quarter compared to a net adjusted expense of $108 million in the third quarter of 2017. Turning to fourth quarter cash flow. Cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $492 million. Changes in working capital reduced operating cash flows by $149 million. Additions to property, plant and equipment were $554 million. Proceeds from the sale of assets were $2.513 billion. Net borrowings increased cash by $280 million. Common stock acquired and retired were $110 million. Common and preferred stock dividends paid were $90 million. Distributions to non-controlling interest were $35 million. All other items were a net decrease in cash of $26 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $2.321 billion. We estimate the fourth quarter impact from the Enchilada platform shutdown was a reduction to cash flow from operations of approximately $55 million. Turning to our financial position. Excluding Midstream, cash and cash equivalents were $4.5 billion. Total liquidity was $8.9 billion, including available committed credit facilities; and debt was $5.997 billion. We remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet and providing current returns to shareholders. In January, we called for redemption of our 8.125% notes due February 2019 with a principal amount of $350 million, and we plan to repay an additional $150 million principal amount of debt in 2018 for a total of $500 million in debt reduction. We also continued to execute our previously announced plan to repurchase $500 million of our common stock. We purchased $120 million in the fourth quarter of 2017 and plan to purchase the remaining $380 million of stock during 2018. Turning to our cost reduction program. As part of our portfolio reshaping, we have begun implementation of an organization restructuring and cost reduction effort, targeting annual savings of $150 million. In addition to direct head count reductions as part of our asset sales, we eliminated approximately 400 employee and contractor positions in January and expect to record employee severance of $40 million to $50 million in the first quarter. Since the end of 2014, total employee and contractor positions have been reduced by approximately 50%. In addition to the workforce reduction, we have identified further cost reductions in logistics, information technology, property, professional fees and other operating cost as a result of our portfolio reshaping. The benefit from this $150 million annualized cost reduction will begin to be realized over the second half of 2018. Now, turning to first quarter and full year 2018 guidance. Before I give guidance for 2018, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings, I will provide full year 2017 pro forma financial metrics that removed the impact of assets sold during the year. Pro forma cash costs were $13.09 per barrel of oil equivalent as compared to actual results of $14.30 per barrel, and pro forma DD&A was $23.62 per barrel versus actual DD&A of $24.53 per barrel. Finally, our pro forma tax rate, excluding specials and Libya, was a pro forma benefit of 4% as compared to our reported benefit of 7%. We project our cash cost per barrel in 2018 to decline significantly during the year as production related to Enchilada fully resumes and our cost reductions begin to be realized in the second half of the year. In the first quarter, due to the impact of the Enchilada fire, which is estimated to shut in approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of low cost production, cash costs are projected to be $15 to $16 per barrel. We project the remaining three quarters to be lower with an average cost of $12.75 per barrel, and our fourth quarter cash cost to be below $12 per barrel as compared to pro forma cash cost of $13.09 in 2017. DD&A per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year and first quarter of 2018 is forecast to be in the range of $18 to $19 per barrel, down from 2017 pro forma DD&A of $23.62 per barrel. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs of $31 to $33 per barrel for the full year of 2018, down from 2017 E&P pro forma unit cost of $36.71 per barrel. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $190 million to $210 million for the full year of 2018 and $45 million to $55 million in the first quarter of 2018. The Midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $625 million to $650 million for the full year of 2018, which is up from 2017 Midstream tariff of $543 million due to higher Hess-operated and third-party volumes. The Midstream tariff is expected to be approximately $150 million for the first quarter of 2018. The E&P effective tax rate, excluding Libya, is expected to be a benefit in the range of 0% to 4% for the full year and first quarter of 2018 versus a pro forma benefit of 4% for the full year of 2017. As highlighted earlier, we have crude oil collars to hedge price risk for 2018 production. For 2018, we expect the non-cash premium amortization from these contracts, which will be reflected in our realized selling prices, will reduce our results by approximately $30 million per quarter. In Midstream, in 2018, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $105 million to $115 million for the full year and approximately $25 million in the first quarter. Now, for corporate and interest, we expect corporate expenses to be in the range of $105 million to $115 million for the full year of 2018, down from $134 million in 2017 and $25 million to $30 million for the first quarter. We estimate interest expense to be in the range of $345 million to $355 million for the full year of 2018, which is higher than last year as we will not be capitalizing interest for the Stampede project, which commenced production in January. First quarter interest expense is expected to be $85 million to $90 million. This concludes my remarks. We'll be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks. Good morning.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess, if we could talk maybe a little bit here your performance in the Bakken. Six rigs is going to deliver growth up to the 175 level by 2021. How much more improvement in well performance is factored in on that?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Roger. As we said in our opening remarks, our new completion design, which is a 60-stage, 140,000 pounds per stage, has resulted in a 10% to 15% uplift in EUR and also IP180 rates. That 175 at 6 rigs reflects improvement from that move to that new completion design.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: So solely that design, not something additional from here?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. I think we continue to optimize. We continue to look at other completion techniques. For example, we're doing some plug-and-perf pilots this year. Reason being is, as the industry has continued to improve, the limited entry perforating, in particular on plug-and-perf, is allowing a very large number of entry points with very good fracture control. And so, we're looking at that and are going to pilot some of that this year. So, potentially, there could be a move to that. But we need to get more experience under our belt. And certainly, we know that we're going to have to do plug-and-perf outside the core. So that's why we want to really begin to experiment with that stuff.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks on that. And then, as we look at just broadly the cash flow from operations here, you referenced the Gulf of Mexico and NMB as your cash cow, so to speak. Can you frame at all kind of the expectations for cash from those operations as we think about 2018 and 2019, maybe just to kind of think about maybe a $60 oil price outlook there?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So now with NMB coming online, our Malaysia assets are going to be significant free cash flow generators. You can see the Asian gas price that we now have. What we have in JDA is actually going to be the lowest, I guess, of the gas price because it goes back to 2016 oil prices. So we'll have that price through September 30 of 2018, and then it will increase going to 2017 prices. And then, obviously, so far in 2018, with the prices getting higher, JDA's price will continue to increase. North Malay Basin basically only has a one-month lag on oil prices. So we are seeing the benefit of that reflected right into our gas prices in North Malay Basin. So if you looked at the number in that fourth quarter, JDA is below that average and North Malay Basin, basically, significantly above that average. So we're seeing significant free cash flow actually from the Malaysian assets in 2018. And that will continue as you move into 2019 and 2020 because we'll start slowly bringing down the capital in North Malay Basin. As far as Bakken goes, so this year, we are actually reducing the cash flow from the Bakken a bit because we're moving to the six rigs. And as Greg said, the fifth and sixth rigs are coming in the third  one in the third quarter, one in the fourth quarter. So the wells that are drilled by the fifth and sixth rig are really not impacting production or cash flow in 2018. So we get the uplift on production and cash flow in 2019 from that. So while Bakken will be generating free cash flow, it'll give more in 2019. And then obviously with this growth that you just heard that Greg talked about, that will begin to significantly increase cash flow from the Bakken. And then, obviously, the other piece of our business is Gulf of Mexico. It's always been a significant free cash flow generator for us. Now, Stampede is coming online, so the capital is being reduced from the prior year. We do have this deferred production which, as I guided, was about $55 million affect the cash flow in the fourth quarter. It's reasonable for you to use about $1 million a day from that being shut in, so you got 15,000 barrels a day. So you're getting, on a half year basis, on 30,000 barrels. It is affecting us like somewhere between $180 million and $200 million in 2018. But Gulf of Mexico is going to be a significant cash flow generator as Stampede continues to ramp up, and we continue now to be actually bringing capital down there. So that's kind of how the cash flow works in our portfolio.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: John, so I wonder if you could give us some idea of the cadence you're assuming on  I mean, it sounds like Enchilada is down for the first half of the year as kind of what you're assuming. But what are you assuming for the cadence for Stampede and Bakken? I'm wondering if you could give an exit rate for 2018 on both of those, please.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, Doug. Let me talk about Stampede first. We will gradually bring that production on over the year. The first piece that will come on is Penn State and Baldpate. That'll come on in the first quarter. The next thing that will come on is Llano, which is in the second quarter. And then, finally, Conger will come on towards the end of the third quarter. So that's sort of the cadence there. So we'd pick up all that production. By certainly fourth quarter, all of that comes back on. So it'll gradually come up. And if you want kind of a quarterly impact of the Gulf of Mexico, it's about 26,000 barrels a day in the first quarter. It's about 17,000 in the second quarter. It's about 15,000 in the third quarter. So that's the cadence there. And then, in terms of Stampede, we're going to gradually ramp that up over the next 18 months. We've got three producers capable of producing now. We'll continue to drill producers throughout the year and into 2018. So we'll gradually bring those up. And then, in the fourth quarter, Stampede will average about 10,000 barrels a day and then will continue its climb, net obviously. And then, will continue its climb in 2018 as we bring additional producers that we drill this year on production. And I think, just overall production, I think the important thing is that we mentioned in our opening remarks, the whole increase from the first quarter to the fourth quarter, as we mentioned, our production is going to be very strong and exit the year very strong in the fourth quarter. So, in the fourth quarter, we're going to exit the year 265,000 to 275,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, whereas the first quarter 220,000 to 225,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. So that's a significant increase over the year.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Just to be clear, Greg, on the Bakken, what are you assuming in there on the Bakken exit rate? I'm just wondering if you had any weather issues to impact the first quarter, given the depth you're seeing.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: No. In the first quarter, Doug, we didn't have any weather issues. Again, as Greg said, oil will be flat from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. It's above-ground NGL volumes. And what it is, is that we had some ethane rejection. And by the way, none of this impacts actually our financial results. But there was some ethane rejection that we had in the first quarter that we're having, as well as higher NGL prices. It just works the way we process our gas that when you get volumes to up to the amount of the gas processing fee. So if the prices are higher, your NGL volumes go down. So there's no impact at all really from weather. We did see some right at the beginning. There was some difficult weather, but it didn't really impact. As you saw, we came in at the high end of the guidance in the fourth quarter. And, yes, there's some impact early on in January, but it's really not impacting our overall volumes. And I think you asked would growing  we said the Bakken will be 115,000 to 120,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day over the year. So, obviously, you start at 105,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. By the time you get to the fourth quarter, it's going to be higher than that range that we have there. So it's going to be right at that upper end of the range.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, John. My follow-up  go on. Sorry.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. 120,000 to 125,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, Doug, in the fourth quarter.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. My follow-up, Greg, is on Guyana. And I guess a couple of interrelated points, if I may. Greg, can you tell us what the implication is of the carbonate versus the strat plays you got at Ranger. Obviously, that is not yet in the 3.2 billion. Just give us an idea what you  the implications could be there. And I guess, my follow-up would be for Mr. Hess. John, it seems that Exxon is laying out a line of sight now in development. The PSC is now public. So, what else do you need to see to reset your buyback program because it's always like the spending allocation or the requirement is going to become pretty transparent here fairly soon. I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Doug. I'll go first on Ranger. So, obviously, Ranger very significant outcome for the block. Why? 230 feet of very high-quality oil-bearing carbonate reservoir. Secondly, it's located 60 miles northwest of Liza, which says that the play is working certainly in terms of charge. The play is working that far away from Liza. I think the third thing is that we see a number of additional carbonate features on the block, so that says that the carbonate system is working. Now, obviously, we've got to get wells in those eventually. But it bodes very well for the block in Guyana and potentially even Suriname as well.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks. John, on the  go ahead.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah  no, I'm happy to talk about your question, Doug. Look, obviously, we have an extraordinary investment opportunity in Guyana. It truly gets bigger and better. And we're delighted that Exxon Mobil announced last Friday on their quarterly call that the second FPSO would be a larger ship, 220,000 barrels a day and start production in 2022. And that would make our net working interest production from Guyana over 100,000 barrels of oil a day by 2022. And also, they announced that engineering would start on a third FPSO, and that would come on shortly thereafter Liza-2. The size of that is going to be a function of further appraisal drilling, starting with Payara that we're currently drilling right now. So, your point is, as we get more transparency, the transparency is the capital need is going up. And so, we need to get some more definition in those costs and oil price before we would consider adding to our share repurchase program of the $500 million that's already underway. So, some more work and visibility on that. But I think the most important thing is this is a phenomenal, one of the world's best return investments in the oil industry. And we are extremely well positioned to capitalize on it and to prefund it with the cash that we have not just for FPSO 1 but FPSO 2, and those financial returns are going to distinguish our company from many years to come. We have to be in position to capitalize on it. And that's our first, second and third priority. As the costs get a little bit more defined on FPSO 2 and the engineering for FPSO 3, serious consideration will be to add to the share repurchase program that's underway already.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks...
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Hey, Doug. Just one other comment on Guyana. If you think about Turbot, which is 30 miles south east of Liza and then you have Ranger which is 60 miles northwest of Liza, given the petroleum system is working over that entire areal extent, it also opens up other play types. It's been highly prospective in addition to the carbonate. So, there's further play types on the block as well.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I wanted to follow up on a couple of the questions there earlier. First, on Guyana, when you and the operator and other partner have conversations and you see the resource that has been discovered, what, if anything, would it take to accelerate the development to have two FPSOs moving for development at the same time or for the same schedule, i.e. not necessarily in every 18 to 24 months type schedule? Is it  is there anything that could happen there? Or do you see this as more definitively every discovery that you make will be very much staged in an order on down the line?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Couple comments there, Brian. I think, first of all, we did mention that Phase 3 some further appraisal drilling is required to really define how big that's going to be. So, that's the first step. I think the second step relates to how do you very efficiently develop this massive resource in Guyana. And certainly, the view of Exxon Mobil and us and Nexen is that the right way to do it is a phased approach, where you use the same project team and the construction resources, et cetera, et cetera and really just continue to phase this development in such a way that it becomes very capital efficient to do that versus, say, three things going in parallel, right?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: And as Exxon said in their call that they're progressing concept selection for Payara and the startup there is planned for 2023 or 2024 which actually could mean 12 to 18 months from Liza Phase 2 as opposed to 24 months. So, Exxon is definitely getting more efficient in this assembly line process. And the definition of that, Brian, obviously, we need the appraisal drilling to be able to finalize what the size of that ship is going to be.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: That's great. And then, my follow-up is with regards to the Gulf of Mexico. I'm trying to piece together some of the moving pieces of the Stampede and then the Enchilada platform but also get your sense of whether there's been any changes in the underlying decline rate in the Gulf and what that is. And I think, in response to an earlier question, you threw out some numbers of 26,000, 17,000 and 15,000 maybe in the first quarter, second quarter, third quarter. I wondered is that total production that's falling in Q2 and Q3 versus Q1 or just maybe I missed those numbers? Thanks.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. Thanks for the clarification question, Brian. What that was the impact of the Enchilada fire on Hess Gulf of Mexico production quarter-by-quarter. So, again, it's 26,000 barrels a day off production on average in Q1, it's 17,000 barrels a day on average in Q2 and then 15,000 barrels a day on average in Q3. And that reflects the cadence that I talked about, where Baldpate and Penn State come on in the first quarter, Llano comes on the second quarter and then, finally, Conger, the last piece, comes on in the third quarter. So, that's what that reflects. And then, the other piece of the equation in the Gulf of Mexico is Stampede. As I've said, that's going to gradually ramp up over 18 months. We just started first oil in January. We're going to ramp those wells up very slowly. That's been a big learning for industry that you need to bring these on very slowly. And we will average in the fourth quarter some-10,000 barrels a day. So, that kind of gives you how the trajectory of the Gulf of Mexico will go. The rest, decline is very shallow. So, decline is not a big factor in the Gulf of Mexico this year.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Hall with Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is now open.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks. Actually, the prior question hit on a number of mine. But just final  I guess one more final follow-up on Stampede. Can you just remind me what do you think the kind of peak production profile Stampede would look like and when you'll reach that?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Michael, so it's early days. And what we'd like to do is get some dynamic data on these wells before we be as specific as what we think the peak rate will be. As I've said, we will ramp this up over the next 18 months. So, as we get that dynamic data, see what the wells are going to do  we just started this thing in January. Then, we'll be able to give some more definitive guidance on peak rates.
Michael Anthony Hall - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Fair enough. That's really all I have at the moment. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Maybe a couple for me. I mean, as you talked about the modernization process for the assets in Denmark, as you look across the rest of the portfolio, are you happy with the current state of the portfolio? Would you consider selling any of the Asian assets or are you in a position where you could consider to farming down Guyana at all? Or is there still too much undiscovered resource at this point?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Obviously, we've been pretty active optimizing our portfolio. We have an open mind. We're always there to maximize value. We have a long-term strategy in portfolio that we and the board worked on to have the cash generators along with the growth engines in Guyana and the Bakken. So, we will always have an open mind to maximize value as we've shown in the past. Having said that, the major focus for the company is to capitalize on the amazing investment opportunity we have in Guyana and the Bakken. And to do that, we got to have a strong balance sheet and cash. We don't have a funding deficit. We pre-fund it. And as Guyana gets bigger and better with FPSO 2 now being defined and FPSO 3 and, by the way, a pretty active exploration and appraisal program, we've got to make sure we have the cash for that. So, our focus is much more on Guyana and in funding the world-class investment opportunity and the high finance returns there. To sell part of that would not be the right thing for our shareholders because that is probably the best investment return certainly in Hess' portfolio and one of the best in the industry. And if we could get more of it, we would. But selling it would be the wrong thing to do.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Thanks. That's very helpful. And maybe one follow-up on the Bakken. I mean, clearly, very strong well results. Can you clarify  I think did you say that the drilling program in 2018 would have an average EUR per well of over 1 million barrels? And do you have an estimate of what the average per well EUR will be across the 1,780 high rate of return inventory that you talked about?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: So, let me start with the 2018 program. Yes, you're correct. So, the average EUR this year will be north of 1 million. Average IPA  IP 180, so this is cumulative now, is north of 100,000 barrels of oil. And then, also, if you  what in our portfolio do we think can generate over 1 million barrels a day or 1 million barrels of EUR? There's about 500 or so wells in our portfolio that can do that with our current completion design of 60-stage 140,000 pounds. That's substantially from where it was last year as a result of moving to that better completion design.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Cheng with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning. Greg, when you give the production guidance, is that built in some timeline  the time that asset sales is going to be done? Or...
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: What we have...
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: (01:03:39) the production is in there?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So, Paul, in the pro forma numbers that we gave for 2017 of the 242,000 barrels a day, that  we only took out the assets sold. So, Denmark is in there, and we have Denmark in our production guidance next year. So, if you wanted to take 10,000 barrels out of the 242,000, drop it to 232,000 and if you could take 10,000 barrels out of our 2018 production...
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay...
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: If you were just doing a comparison. So, I just want to make sure when everybody looks at that, that our pro forma of 242,000, our midpoint right now is between the 245,000 and 255,000 is 250,000. If you add the Enchilada effect to the 265,000, we're getting to that 10% pro forma growth that Greg had talked about that will continue into 2020.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And, John, when you take the weight down on Stampede and Tubular Bells you say is based on the lower commodity prices. Can you share with us what price that you're using? I mean, is that really significantly down? I mean  so, what kind of carrying costs you still have in those two?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: So, we  I'm not going to be specific exactly on our  on the crude oil price outlook that we have and went through with the board. But let's just start with what we are doing from a management standpoint of the business. So, from a management standpoint of business, as we said, we are managing to $50 and being able to generate free cash flow at $50 post the Guyana start-up, and we are well on our way on track for that. So, again, with this pro forma production growth, 10% per year, plus our cash costs, as I said, by the fourth quarter going under $12. So, by 2020, we'll have our cash costs down to $10 and, again, now generating that free cash flow. So, as it relates to, just in general, where we're going with our cost reductions, we'll start getting that in the second half of the year. We're going to even get then the full annualized effect in 2019. And then, that will drop our cash costs per barrel even lower as we move into 2019.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: John, on the $150 million of the cost reduction, where are they going to show up the most? Is it in the corporate item or just in the upstream operating cost or what line item that you're going to see the benefit?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: What you saw  if you noted in my guidance for corporate. So, what you see actually in 2018 already is about a $24 million reduction in our corporate expenses, if you just take the midpoint of our corporate guidance. So, we're beginning to get that impact right now in corporate. We're going to have severance charges. There'll be pension settlement charges. So with things like that going through. But what I would tell you in general, by the time we get to the end of this, about two-thirds of the savings just  I'm using round numbers, Paul  is going to be labor-based and then the one-third is going to be the other operating cost that I talked about. So that labor base will go between corporate E&P and also within operating costs in production and even within exploration G&A, too, as well. So it's going to be spread throughout kind of the line items that we have in our financial statements.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Can you tell us that what is the Stampede and Tubular Bells  the cash operating cost may look like this year and also by year 2020?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So, for Stampede, as Greg said, there will be this slow ramp, right? So cash cost per barrel will not be obviously at its regular operating level at the beginning. So cash cost will be a little bit higher. But just like all Gulf of Mexico fields, Stampede itself is going to be below $10 as that is, as Greg said, when you get to the fourth quarter and you get that up to the 10,000 barrels a day. So, again, Gulf of Mexico is always a good low-cost operating environment. Tubular Bells is just a little bit higher. And we said because we've leased that facility. So that's the one unique asset you have in the Gulf of Mexico. So Tubular Bells is above $10 for that. But that will hold steady at that rate.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And two final one for me. One, on the hedging, you haven't extended any additional hedging into 2019, right? In 2018, are we still talking about 150,000 barrel per day or that has also been changed?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Okay. So there is no...
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And I am wondering if you can comment on Ghana, what have changed and lead you to, say, make the decision not to develop?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So from the hedging standpoint, just confirming your point that, in 2019, we have not added any hedges in 2019 with the backwardation basically in the curve. So for 2018, it is unchanged. It is in the back of the release. It's 115,000 barrels per day, correct, that we have the collars on in 2018.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yes. And, Paul, in terms of Ghana, it's a good asset. There's oil there. But our strategy is to invest in the highest return projects, be capital disciplined and committed to being cash flow generative at a $50 Brent price post 2020, as Liza Phase 1 comes on. And, quite frankly, that project, while a good project, just can't compete for capital relative to the other investment opportunities we have. So, as a consequence, we're currently looking at options to monetize our Ghana asset.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Quick question. I was just wondering if you could just help us bridge the production forecasts for the other segments. You talked about 105,000 barrels a day in the first quarter for the Bakken. I'm assuming that your guidance implies about 30,000 barrels a day for the Gulf of Mexico. And I was just wondering if you can help us think about the Utica U.S.  other U.S. onshore, as well as Asia for Q1?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: If you're trying to bridge, let's just say, the fourth quarter number to our first quarter number, the biggest change is obviously asset sales. So the 282,000 barrels a day, if you take 41,000 barrels a day approximately as it relates to the asset sales, you have to take that off. Then, as Greg mentioned, we've got 26,000 barrels a day off on Enchilada versus the 17,000 barrels a day that we have. So you have to take another 9,000 barrels a day off. You've picked up the Bakken, right? So that's 5,000 barrels down. Utica will have a decline. So we have Utica declining approximately 3,000 barrels a day in the first quarter from the fourth quarter. As you probably saw it in our capital release, we will be completing some DUCs that we have, and that won't come in until really the end of the year. You won't see that in the Utica until fourth quarter production. So with that, you basically bridge the difference between the fourth quarter and first quarter.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful. And, John, just to follow up on the NGL commentary you made in the Bakken, could you just maybe help us understand that a little bit better? Is that just going to affect 1Q, or is there any effect as we think about the full year in terms of the Bakken?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Okay. So first thing I have to say, there is no effect on our bottom line for these two items. So the first one is our buyer who takes our ethane, can execute and can reject ethane based on whatever pricing that they're getting and what benefits from their standpoint. However, they do have to pay us the economic amount of that ethane that we would have produced. So, again, just from a pure volume standpoint, we'll just have less ethane volumes flowing through our NGLs in the first quarter. So that's one. And basically that's going to go away and come right back on. The second one is the increase in NGL pricing. So just think about it as you've got a set gas processing fee, and it only works on some of the contracts that we have. And then you've probably heard POP contracts, or percentage of proceeds contracts. So what we get is actual NGL volumes to satisfy that gas processing fee. So as NGL prices go up, you just get less volumes. You get the same amount from your gas processing fee, but you just get less volumes to satisfy it. So as prices have come up from the fourth quarter, that's affecting that number. If prices stay the same or go down, you will get some fluctuations above ground. It shouldn't be big. It's not going to be a big effect. And again, as we said, Bakken, the real key is we'll be adding wells a little bit more towards the latter part of the first quarter and then just driving through the year and increasing Bakken quarter-on-quarter.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's very helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question, guys. Few weeks ago, the fiscal terms of the Guyana production sharing agreement were published. And I suppose, for those investors who might look at that and say, how can a deepwater project have a breakeven oil price below $40 a barrel? What are the key attributes of those fiscal terms that are contributing to that low breakeven?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Okay. So it's really all the attributes and you have to  not even just the fiscal terms, so let me just start with Guyana overall. So our Liza find that we have, the geology, the reservoirs are just fantastic. The permeability is fantastic. The size  obviously, you've seen the scale. So that plays into getting that low to breakeven. The next thing, as you compare, let's just say the other basins around the world, the depths that you drill to in Guyana are much shallower; and the other thing is there's no salt. So from an imaging standpoint, that helps; and then there is less casing strings. So the exploration wells and the development wells obviously just cost less, I mean, clearly as you would compare, let's say, to like a Gulf of Mexico-type aspect. We're also in the low point in the cycle from offshore. So, again, yards are looking for work, rigs are looking for work. So all the costs that Exxon is getting for our developments are just hitting this, obviously, at the right point in the cycle. And then it's just a blend of the fiscal terms. So you have a production-sharing contract. So just start with any production-sharing contract. It gives you downside protection. That's what it's set up for to encourage investment from oil companies. So as oil prices go lower, you get more barrels because you get the cost recover from that standpoint. So again, as prices go down and giving you that breakeven, you get that production-sharing cost impact. And then, the terms are out there. They're on the government website for people to see. And that along with just the unique attributes of the Guyana Basin, in general, allow you to get this really low breakeven cost.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Let me ask a quick follow-up about the dividend. One of your well-known shareholders has called for a dividend cut or elimination and the proceeds deployed towards more share buyback. Should I take it as a given that you are ruling out that scenario?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. I think what you should take as a feedback is that we talk to all of our shareholders, and a number of our shareholders put a high degree of importance on that dividend as a show of confidence in our future and our ability to generate cash. So we talk to all our shareholders. We have ongoing communications with all of our shareholders. And there are other views about the dividend than that one shareholder you were referring to.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from John Herrlin with Socit Gnrale, Your line is now open.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Yeah. Hi. Just two quick ones on Guyana. When we were out in December, John, you had mentioned or Greg had mentioned that possibly you would buy the FPSO for Liza 2. Is that still the case? And then, the other question is on Ranger. It took longer to reach TD in the carbonate well. Obviously, it was a cautious drill. But how much faster do you think the drilling would be for carbonate play?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So, let me answer the Ranger question first. Yes, it was a very cautious drill. John, as you know, carbonates can be very tricky. But we didn't discover any of the downsides in the drilling of this well that potentially could have been there. So I think certainly on the next appraisal well of Ranger, we anticipate the drilling time will improve and the cost will be lower obviously. Regarding the boat on Phase 2, that decision has not been made. But certainly, from a financial standpoint, it's better to purchase these things ultimately just so you don't have to pay the uplift on the lease cost, right? So, I think we're aligned with the operator that ultimately you'd want to purchase these things, but that decision has not been made.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Okay. Great. With Guyana, are you opening a data room? And that's it for me.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah. The Guyana process is ongoing, and I wouldn't want to comment further on that.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp. John B. Hess - Hess Corp. Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp. John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.
Analysts: Guy Baber - Simmons & Company Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Vince and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the risk factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. Now as usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will provide an update on the progress we are making in executing our strategy. Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance and John Rielly will then review our financial results. Our strategy is to focus our portfolio by investing in our highest return assets and divesting mature, higher-cost assets, which in turn will lower our unit cash operating costs, bolster our balance sheet, and pre-fund our truly world class investment opportunity in Guyana. This strategy is designed to deliver significant value to our shareholders, even in a low oil price environment for many years to come. During the third quarter, we achieved several strategic milestones, including this week's announced sales of our interests in Norway and Equatorial Guinea as well as our enhanced oil recovery assets in the Permian in early August. We also announced plans to sell our interest in Denmark, which should result in a complete exit from the North Sea. In April of this year, we also completed the initial public offering of Hess Midstream Partners LP. Proceeds from these asset sales to-date are estimated at approximately $3.25 billion, and along with cash on our balance sheet, will be used to fund offshore Guyana, one of the industry's most attractive investment opportunities, which offers superior returns, even in a low price environment, and positions our company for a decade plus of visible reserve and production growth with outstanding returns. The Stabroek block, where Hess has a 30% interest, contains a massive world class resource that keeps getting bigger and better. Earlier this month the operator, ExxonMobil, announced a fifth oil discovery with the Turbot-1 well, which encountered 75 feet of high-quality oil bearing sandstone reservoir. We are encouraged by the results of this discovery, which is accretive to the estimated 2.25 billion to 2.75 billion barrels gross recoverable resources already discovered on the Stabroek block. Additional drilling at Turbot is planned for 2018 to further evaluate the full commercial potential of the resource. We also expect to spud the Ranger-1 well by the end of this month. We are also very excited about the Liza phase one development that is already underway, which will have the gross capacity to produce up to 120,000 barrels of oil per day, with first production expected by 2020. Guyana is simply an extraordinary investment opportunity that is uniquely advantaged by its scale, quality, cost, timing and financial returns. First as I mentioned, Liza and Payara are giant oilfields, some of the industry's largest oil discoveries of the past decade. Second, it has one of the highest quality reservoirs in the world, with high porosity and permeability and is expected to deliver very high recovery factors and production rates. Third, since the producing horizons are relatively shallow for deepwater wells, the wells can be drilled in approximately a third of the time and cost of those in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Fourth, development is set to occur at what is expected to be the bottom of the offshore cost cycle. Fifth, ExxonMobil as the operator is one of the most experienced project managers in the world for this type of development, with a great track record, which significantly reduces execution risk. And finally, we see multi-billion barrels of additional un-risked exploration upside on the block. In addition, allocating capital to our highest return assets and selling those that are mature and higher cost, together with a planned $150 million annual cost reduction program, will contribute to reducing our cash unit production costs by approximately 30% to less than $10 a barrel by 2020. Funding our high return growth opportunities requires a strong balance sheet and liquidity position, which remain a top priority for our company. At September 30, we had $2.5 billion of cash and total liquidity of $6.8 billion. Proceeds from asset sales announced in 2017 and the midstream IPO are estimated to exceed $3.4 billion with additional proceeds expected in 2018 from the sale of our interest in Denmark. Our asset sales will also extinguish approximately $3.2 billion in future abandonment liabilities and enable $500 million of debt reduction in 2018. At the same time, we have built a strong hedge position in a period of oil price uncertainty to protect our cash flows. For the remainder of 2017 using put-call collars, we have hedged 130,000 barrels per day of oil production, 20,000 barrels per day of Brent with a $55 floor and $20 upside, 60,000 barrels per day of WTI with a $50 floor and $20 upside, and 50,000 barrels per day of WTI with a $50 floor and $15 upside. For 2018, we have hedged 115,000 barrels per day of oil production using put-call collars with a $50 WTI floor and $15 upside. Now turning to our financial results, in the third quarter of 2017 we posted a net loss of $624 million, which includes net non-recurring losses totaled $300 million. On an adjusted basis, our net loss was $324 million or $1.07 per common share compared with a net loss of $340 million or $1.12 per common share in the third quarter of 2016. Compared to 2016, our third quarter financial results were positively impacted by higher realized crude oil selling prices and lower operating costs, depreciation, depletion and amortization, and exploration expenses, which more than offset the lower tax benefits following a required change in deferred tax accounting. Third quarter production was within our guidance range, averaging 299,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Net production in Libya was 12,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter. The Bakken is our largest operated growth asset, where we have an industry-leading position with more than 0.5 million net acres in the core of the play and the capacity to grow production to approximately 175,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day from 103,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day currently. Our distinctive lean capability has enabled us to lower our well cost by 60% since 2010. In addition, our use of technology through the application of geo steering, optimized spacing, higher stage counts and profit loading has increased our well productivity by approximately 50% over the last two years. Together, these improvements have enabled us to generate returns that are competitive with any shale play in the United States. We are currently operating four rigs in the Bakken, that, with 60 stage fracs and increased proppant levels, are forecast to deliver virtually the same oil production growth of approximately 10% a year that would've taken six rigs a year ago. Based on the strong financial returns of our Bakken wells, we are evaluating plans to add up to two additional rigs in the Bakken during 2018 for a total of six rigs. In Malaysia, the North Malay Basin full field development achieved first production of natural gas in July. Hess is the operator with 50% interest and Petronas is our partner with the remaining 50%. For the third quarter, production averaged 86 million cubic feet a day and the field is on track to reach its planned plateau rate of 165 million cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter. North Malay Basin will be a significant long-term low cost cash generator for the company. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Stampede development, in which Hess has a 25% interest and is the operator, remains on track to start up in the first quarter of 2018 and ramp up production over the following 12 months. In summary, we are well positioned to deliver a decade plus of returns driven growth and increasing cash generation through continued execution of our strategic plan. The success of our asset sales program to-date further focuses our portfolio on higher return assets and lowers our cash unit costs. At the same time, we are strengthening our balance sheet to fund our world-class investment opportunity in Guyana, which we believe will create significant value for our shareholders for many years to come. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thanks John. I'd like to provide an update on our operational performance in 2017. In the third quarter, despite several weather-related challenges, our team executed well across our producing and development assets. We also continued delivering value through exploration. The Turbot-1 well, some 30 miles to the southeast of Liza, resulted in a fifth significant discovery on the Stabroek Block in Guyana, reinforcing their tremendous potential of this 6.6 million acre block. Our recently announced asset sales, as John noted, further focus and simplify our portfolio, lower our cash unit operating costs and break-even oil price, and allow us to pre-fund the development of our world class discoveries on Stabroek as Guyana continues to get bigger and better. Now, starting with production. In the third quarter, net production averaged 299,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya at the center of our guidance range of 295,000 to 305,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our third quarter production was influenced by the following primarily weather-related factors. First, hurricanes Harvey and Irma along with third-party downtime at our Conger field impacted our Gulf of Mexico production by approximately 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Second, unusually heavy rainfall in North Dakota resulted in road closures and deferred completions, reducing our production there by about 4,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. As a result, net production averaged 103,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter, slightly below our guidance. However, both of these weather impacts were offset by a temporary adjustment in our JDA entitlement, which increased production by approximately 8,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we will have some carryover effects from these issues as follows. The cumulative impact of one tropical storm and three hurricanes has resulted in 40 days of overall downtime for the Noble Paul Romano drilling rig that will push the startup of the Penn State-6 well to December, and the subsequent workover of another well into first quarter 2018. These delays will impact fourth quarter production by approximately 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day versus plan. The Conger field has been offline in October due to downtime at the Shell operated Enchilada platform, which will impact fourth quarter production by approximately 3,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day versus plan. At the JDA, the third quarter benefit in our net entitlement will reverse, reducing production by about 8,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. However, in the Bakken, we plan to temporarily add a third completion crew to help us recover from the weather impacts experienced in the third quarter, and we expect net production to rebound in the fourth quarter to the range of 105,000 to 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. On this basis, we continue to expect delivery of our full-year guidance in the Bakken of approximately 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Assuming the sale of our interests in Equatorial Guinea closes at the end of November and the sale of Norway closes in December, our fourth quarter production will reduce by approximately 14,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. As a result of all these factors, our company fourth quarter production is now forecast to be 290,000 to 300,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. As we enter 2018 with North Malay Basin fully online, four rigs operating in the Bakken, and Stampede coming on stream, we expect to deliver strong pro forma production momentum. We will provide production guidance for 2018 on our January call. Turning to the Bakken, during the third quarter we drilled 24 wells, completed 20 wells, but only brought 13 new wells online due to weather, compared to the year-ago quarter when we drilled 21 wells and brought 22 wells online. We continue to test higher stage counts and proppant loadings in our sliding sleeve wells and have begun to test and plug-and-perf completions in line with our focus on maximizing the value of our DSUs. To-date, we have fracked 14 50-stage wells and 20 60-stage wells with proppant loadings of 140,000 pounds per stage. 18 of these high proppant wells are online and although the wells are in the early stages of their type curve, results to-date have been encouraging. In our earnings release supplement, we've provided our actual drilling and completion costs of $5.8 million per well in the quarter. About three quarters of the wells completed were the 60-stage high-proppant wells, which had an average cost of approximately $6 million each. We expect these well costs will be further reduced through lean manufacturing and with the positive results to-date, we expect average growth EURs for wells drilled in 2017 to exceed 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per well. Early next year, we will issue new guidance in terms of completion design, well costs, IP90s and EURs. Now moving to our developments. At the North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand in which Hess holds a 50% interest and is operator, first gas was achieved on July 10. Production averaged 86 million cubic feet per day during the third quarter and following a continuing successful ramp up, is expected to reach its plateau production level of approximately 165 million cubic feet per day in the fourth quarter, which is expected to continue into the next decade, throwing off significant free cash flow for the corporation. At the Stampede development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, in which Hess holds a 25% working interest and is operator, all pipeline pre-commissioning was completed during the third quarter. Three wells have been drilled and completed and first oil is now expected to be achieved during the first quarter of 2018, which is six months ahead of schedule and well below budget. Now moving to offshore Guyana. Earlier this month ExxonMobil, the operator, announced that the Turbot-1 well resulted in another discovery on the Stabroek Block, in which Hess holds a 30% interest. The well encountered 75 feet of high-quality oil-bearing sandstone. This discovery follows the Liza, Payara, Snoek and Liza Deep discoveries. Our success at Turbot is exciting not just because of its large aerial extent, but also because it extends the play more than 30 miles to the southeast of Liza and confirms our geologic models and the vast hydrocarbon potential of the block which, even given the discoveries to-date, remain substantially untested. The drilling rig will now move to the Ranger prospect, which is expected to spud by the end of the month. Prior to the Turbot discovery, the operator ExxonMobil estimated gross discovered recoverable resources for the Stabroek Block to be 2.25 billion to 2.75 billion barrels of oil equivalent and following further appraisal of Turbot, we expect volumes to continue to increase. Liza phase one development is underway following project sanction in June and first oil remains expected by 2020. This is an asset of exceptional scale with a high-quality Multi Darcy permeability reservoir and attractive financial returns at oil prices down to $35 Brent. We plan to conduct further exploration and appraisal drilling throughout 2018 on the Stabroek Block, where we see numerous remaining prospects across multiple play types representing multi-billion barrel un-risked upside potential on this 6.6 million acre block. In closing, we continue to execute well operationally, and are taking the necessary portfolio steps to improve returns and price resiliency by redeploying capital from higher-cost mature assets to lower cost, high-return assets. This will drive a meaningful reduction in our cash unit operating costs, and will generate proceeds to pre-fund our world-class investment opportunity in Guyana, as it continues to get bigger and better. Our pro forma production momentum will strengthen in 2018, with plateau production from the North Malay Basin, a further ramp up of the Bakken, and planned first oil from Stampede in the first quarter. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Greg. Let me start by discussing our recently announced asset sales and the use of proceeds. We expect the sales of our interest in Equatorial Guinea and Norway to be completed by year-end 2017. And together with our Permian EOR sale, total proceeds are $3.25 billion from the announced transactions. Additionally, we anticipate that the Denmark sales process will be completed in 2018. As the proceeds from these transactions are received, we intend to reduce debt by $500 million and are evaluating plans to add up to two additional rigs in the Bakken during 2018 for a total of six rigs. The proceeds from asset sales along with our current cash position and importantly, our free cash flows from our low cost cash generative assets in the Gulf of Mexico and Malaysia, provide us the financial flexibility to fund our growing world-class investment opportunity in Guyana in an extended $50 oil price environment without the need to access the debt or equity markets. We do not intend to pursue any M&A activity, and believe that our reshaped portfolio provides us with superior returns compared to other outside opportunities. We are highly cognizant of the importance of cash returns to shareholders, given the strength of our current liquidity position. However, we need more visibility into Exxon's plans for phase 2 and 3 of the Liza development in Guyana. Until we have this clarity, we initially plan to maintain a strong liquidity position, but will clearly consider cash returns to shareholders as appropriate. I would also like to provide some additional comments on the deals just announced. The Equatorial Guinea and Norway asset sales will not incur any transaction taxes. We also will not incur any taxes on the repatriation of these proceeds. Additionally, the company has settled open tax matters with the EG taxing authorities for the tax years prior to the effective date. In this regard, the company will release $85 million in related tax reserves on the balance sheet, which it had accrued in prior periods for the years in question. These reserves fully cover the company's tax obligation under the settlement. Now turning to our results, I will compare results from the third quarter of 2017 to the second quarter of 2017. We incurred a net loss of $624 million in the third quarter of 2017 compared with a net loss of $449 million in the previous quarter. Our adjusted net loss, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, was $324 million in the third quarter of 2017. Third quarter results include an after-tax gain of $280 million associated with the sale of our enhanced recovery assets in the Permian Basin. The sale transaction included both upstream and midstream assets, and as a result, an after-tax gain of $314 million was allocated to the E&P segment, and an after-tax loss of $34 million was allocated to the midstream segment. Third quarter results also included a non-cash charge of $550 million after-tax for the sale of Norway. In the fourth quarter, an additional charge relating to the Norway cumulative translation adjustment included in shareholders' equity will be recognized. The cumulative translation adjustment for Norway at September 30, 2017 was approximately $840 million. Turning to E&P. E&P had an adjusted net loss of $238 million in the third quarter of 2017 compared with a net loss of $354 million in the second quarter of 2017. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted E&P results between the third quarter and second quarter of 2017 were as follows. Higher realized selling prices improve results by $37 million. Higher sales volumes improve results by $10 million. Lower operating costs and expenses improve results by $18 million. Lower DD&A expense improve results by $33 billion. Lower exploration expenses improve results by $12 million. All other items improve results by $6 million for an overall improvement in third quarter results of $116 million. The E&P effective income tax rate excluding specials and Libyan operations was a benefit of 18% for the third quarter of 2017 compared with a benefit of 8% in the second quarter. For the third quarter, our E&P crude oil sales volumes were under-lifted compared with production by approximately 280,000 barrels, which did not have a material impact on our results. Turning to Midstream, on an adjusted basis, the Midstream segment had net income of $22 million in the third quarter, which was up from $16 million in the second quarter. Midstream EBITDA before the non-controlling interest and excluding specials amounted to $109 million in the third quarter, compared to $96 billion in the second quarter of 2017. Turning to Corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses excluding items affecting comparability were $108 million in the third quarter of 2017, compared to $111 million in the second quarter of 2017. Third quarter 2017 results include an after-tax charge of $30 million in connection with vacated office space. Turning to third quarter cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $415 million. Changes in working capital reduced operating cash flows by $327 million. Additions to property, plant and equipment were $513 million. Proceeds from the sale of assets were $604 million. Net repayments of debt were $19 million. Common and preferred stock dividends paid were $91 million. Distributions to non-controlling interest were $33 million. All other items were a net decrease in cash of $2 million resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $34 million. Changes in working capital during the third quarter of 2017 were net cash outflows related to Norwegian abandonment expenditures, advances to operators, premiums on hedge contracts and the timing of interest payments. Turning to cash and liquidity, excluding midstream, we ended the quarter with cash and cash equivalents of $2.48 billion, total liquidity of $6.8 billion including available committed credit facilities, and debt of $6.16 billion. As previously mentioned, we also have a strong crude oil hedge position through 2018 to protect our cash flow. Now turning to guidance, but before I give the guidance for the fourth quarter, I will provide third quarter pro forma financial metrics that remove the EG, Norway and Denmark assets being sold, but exclude the projected $150 million of cost savings to assist with your modeling of the portfolio post asset sales. Our third quarter pro forma cash costs were $12.80 per barrel as compared to actual reported results of $13.67 per barrel. Our third quarter pro forma DD&A per barrel was $23.72 and actual DD&A was $24.79 per barrel. Finally our pro forma tax rate excluding Libya was a benefit of 2% as compared to our reported benefit of 18%. I will now provide fourth quarter guidance with a cautionary statement that this can be impacted by the timing of the asset sales. Also, our DD&A rate will be lower than expected because DD&A will not be recorded on EG and Norway post the contract signings, since these assets will be classified as held for sale. The lower DD&A will improve results and therefore also impact our tax rate significantly since Norway has a high statutory tax rate. For the fourth quarter of 2017, E&P cash costs excluding Libya are projected to be in the range of $13.50 to $14.50 per barrel of oil equivalent and full-year 2017 cash cost guidance remains unchanged at $14 to $15 per barrel. DD&A per barrel excluding Libya is forecast to be in the range of $22.50 to $23.50 per barrel in the fourth quarter of 2017, and $24.50 to $25.50 per barrel for the full year, which is unchanged from previous guidance. As a result, total E&P unit operating costs are projected to be in the range of $36 to $38 per barrel in the fourth quarter and $38.50 to $40.50 per barrel for the full year. Exploration expenses excluding dry hole costs are expected to be in the range of $75 million to $85 million in the fourth quarter with full-year guidance of $225 million to $235 million, which is down from the previous guidance of $250 million to $270 million. The Midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $135 million to $145 million for the fourth quarter and $535 million to $545 million for the full year, which is updated from previous full-year guidance of $520 million to $535 million. The E&P effective tax rate excluding Libya is expected to be an expense in the range of 16% to 20% for the fourth quarter. For the full year, we now expect a benefit in the range of 5% to 9%, which is down from previous guidance of 11% to 15% due to the asset sales. For Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $15 million to $20 million in the fourth quarter and $70 million to $75 million for the full year, which is updated from previous full-year guidance of $65 million to $75 million. Turning to Corporate, we expect corporate expenses to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million for the fourth quarter and full-year guidance of $130 million to $135 million, down from previous guidance of $135 million to $145 million. We anticipate interest expenses to be in the range of $70 million to $75 million for the fourth quarter and $300 million to $305 million for the full year, which is updated from previous full-year guidance of $295 million to $305 million. This concludes my remarks. We would be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Guy Baber of Simmons. Your line is open.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company: Thank you, guys, very much for taking the call. I wanted to explore some of the implications here of your strategic investments that you've announced, but production at EG was obviously declining rapidly and neither EG nor Valhall were competing for capital. So my question is, can you just discuss how the monetization of those higher costs assets, which are more capital intensive to grow or even just to keep flat? I mean, to what degree do you think those divestments improve the medium term to longer term F&D costs that you think your company is capable of delivering on a sustainable basis? If you could just help us quantify that or give some thoughts on how you think about that, I think that would be helpful.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. This will clearly improve our F&D costs as we move forward. I mean, part of our strategy of divesting these high-cost assets is to free up capital, accelerate value and be able to put that capital into our high return Guyana and Bakken assets. So if you look at Guyana, I mean, right now, if you just take phase one, that's a $7 F&D. If you just look at the gross costs there associated with Liza and the reserves that we're going to get, it's a $7 F&D. Take our Bakken numbers. Again, under $10 F&D. So we'll have a substantial improvement and that is, again, part of the key of this portfolio strategy moves are to get this capital to invest in these great return assets. The other thing, the other aspect of it, as you said, Norway was not generating much cash flow from us at all. We have significant abandonment expenditures. Actually Norway was only going to provide us $20 million of net cash flow in the quarter. I mean, sorry, for 2017. EG, like you said, was in decline. So there was $170 million of net cash flow in 2017, but we weren't investing because it didn't compete for capital. So the way we look at this, from a net cash flow standpoint, the proceeds that we got, we received a 14 times multiple on that net cash flow. So again that  and also that net cash flow on Norway was not going to improve here through 2020. EG was going to decline, so that wasn't going to be generating much free cash flow for us in our portfolio. As John mentioned too with the high costs of all these assets coming out of the portfolio and our cost reduction program, we can really start driving down our break-evens on F&D and our portfolio cash costs will be driven down under $10. So, again we just think just great strategic moves for us and our portfolio.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: And I also have to say, you know, I think our asset sales programs exceeded expectations with really high outcomes for the Norway, EG and Permian and we exceeded expectations, I'd say both in terms of proceeds and timing on a NAV basis. So we're very pleased with those outcomes and we brought a lot of value forward for assets that were high cost that really weren't generating much cash.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company: That's very helpful. Thank you. And then, I had just one other kind of strategic question here. But can you elaborate just in a bit more detail on the statement that you all made that M&A is not really something you're looking at here, given the strength of the returns you see in your portfolio? I mean I'm sure you all are looking at what's available in the market around your core areas of focus. So just curious if this is a statement reflecting that you just don't believe M&A is necessary strategically in your portfolio right now or if there's just no way from what you see, that what you see in an M&A environment can compete on a returns basis where it's just using your capital and investing organically in the portfolio as it stands.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Right. We're all about focusing our portfolio on returns. And one of the reasons John said that about, you know, we certainly don't intend to pursue any M&A activity is because of returns and that our reshaped portfolio provides us with superior returns, investing in what we have obviously led by Guyana and the Bakken compared to any other outside opportunities. We're always looking to optimize the portfolio. We said that we would sell the higher-cost, lower-return assets to basically pre-fund Guyana. I think as I said before, we should celebrate the outstanding results we had because basically that cash allows us to pre-fund Guyana which is extremely high return. So it's all about returns. It's all about capital discipline. It's not about volume. It's about value and we're building a portfolio that I think will be very resilient in a low price environment, but have world class cash cost per barrel that really will position us for a decade plus of outstanding returns and cash generation.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company: Okay, that's great. I will leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Morning, Brian.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: I think you're pretty clear in that last response on not wanting to pursue M&A with the improved balance sheet. Can you comment on if there's any change to a dividend policy given in part, some of the reduction in free cash flow from the assets being sold, and also the comment that you made on wanting to maintain strong liquidity while awaiting clarity on spending needs for phase two in Guyana?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Obviously, we're very aware of the importance of cash returns to shareholders given the much stronger position we're going to have in terms of cash and liquidity. We just need some more visibility into Exxon's plans for phase two and phase three of the Liza development, which we should have in the next month or so. But until we have this clarity, and you talked about dividends, but whether it's dividend or share buyback, we initially  and which is really cash returns to shareholders, we initially plan to maintain a strong liquidity position. But we will clearly consider improving cash returns to shareholders as appropriate once we have that visibility.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And that means no reduction in the dividend would be being considered, just to be clear on that as well.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Correct.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great, thanks. And then my follow-up is on the Bakken. You mentioned the additional completion crew, which seems to, I think as you said, be temporary given some of the delays that you've had. Wondered if there's any change to strategy from an investment perspective in drilling beyond the temporary point in the fourth quarter in part considering the improved balance sheet and narrowing of focus too towards the Bakken and Guyana?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. I think as we mentioned it in our opening remarks, we are giving consideration to increasing the rig count in the Bakken in 2018 to six rigs. We have not made that decision, but it certainly it'll be part of our calculus as we do the budget this year.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: And that is a function of your outlook on oil prices or the narrowed focus, not that it maybe matters, but would you put that in the this-would-have-happened-anyway camp or as a result of the asset sales?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. No, it's I mean it's primarily return's driven. We've just got such an outstanding inventory in the Bakken of wells that deliver outstanding returns all the way down to $40 and $50, so we want to get after that, that business in 2018. Again, have not made the decision yet, but we're giving it strong consideration.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question's from our Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah Greg, I had a couple questions on the Bakken. I wanted to see if you could comment how your testing of higher Bakken proppant concentrations are going. I think you're shifting to 140,000 pounds per stage. And also if you could kind of discuss the uptick in completion costs from $1.8 million to $3.1 million sequentially in 3Q.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. You bet. So, as I mentioned in my opening remarks, our average well costs in the quarter were $5.8 million and about three quarters of the wells were these high proppant loading wells, 140,000 pounds per stage and those averaged about $6 million in the quarter. We fully expect those costs to come down as we apply lean manufacturing to the new completion design. The results of the 60-stage wells, again as I said in my remarks, are encouraging. They're early in their type curves. But again, the EURs are anticipated to be over 1 million barrels per well in 2017. The actual uplift for modeling and predictive analytics is estimating a 10% to 15% uplift in IP90 rates and we're actually seeing that in the field. So, so far, things are matching the models. I do want to get more type curve performance, but in January of 2018, we'll be able to give new guidance on what is our standard completion design? What IP90s can we expect? What well costs can we expect? And what EURs can we expect? But so far, very encouraging and value accretive moving to the 60 stages and the 140,000 pounds per stage.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: And can I  I just also want to clarify one thing on your question, because again we're seeing all positives. But the way  when you asked the question you said the increase in costs from second quarter to third quarter. If you're looking at our supplement, make sure you look at the footnote down there. We have apples and oranges between the second and third quarter. If we had broken out in the second quarter the 60, 140,000 wells and the 50, 70,000 there was no increase actually in cost from the same type of wells being drilled. The thing was we were just doing pilots here in the first and second quarter, so we were only putting the 50-stage fracs with the 70,000 pounds proppant there. And so now in the third quarter, since we've moved basically to the 60, 140,000s, we're just including all the wells there. So I just wanted to clarify that there's no real increase in our well cost.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's very helpful. And just Greg, the oil mix was a little bit lighter numbers in 3Q in the Bakken. Was that impacted by weather or anything?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Let me talk about this mix issue, because we always get the question. The first thing is there's no change in product mix at the wellhead. So overall GORs have remained flat at about 1550 standard cubic feet per barrel of oil and we expect, you know, our oil mix to stay in this kind of low-60% range for long time. Now the decrease in Q3 reflects two things. First is lower oil production due to the weather, because we had lower field availability overall and lots of road closures and then that was coupled with a 20% increase in previously flared wells being connected to our gas gathering system. So you had lower oil volumes due to weather, plus you had a significant uptick in the number of previously flared wells being added to that midstream business that we have. So that's what's causing the mix change quarter-to-quarter. Now, as I said we expect to remain in the low-60s, lower 60s, for the foreseeable future. Oil, however, is expected to grow at 10% a year with four rigs, but we will continue to hook up more previously flared gas to generate more profit in our Midstream business. So, there will be these quarter-to-quarter fluctuations depending on all those various well hook ups.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: That's helpful. And just Greg, could you give us an update on Stampede? Looks like it's running early and could come online in the first quarter. Could you just give us a sense of how you expect the production profile to trend at that project?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, thanks. So, first of all thanks. I mean Stampede is about six months ahead of schedule and it's running well below budget, particularly on the drilling side. On the drilling side we're 15% to 20% below AFE on the drilling side, so that's going extremely well. I think what the industry has learned in the Gulf of Mexico is that you need to ramp these wells up slowly and carefully. So we don't expect to reach our peak in Stampede until 2019. Our current development scope has six producers and four water injectors and those will be ramped up slowly over 2018.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks a lot.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Morning.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: If I may, I'm going to put one for all three of you if you don't mind John. John Hess, I'll start with you if I may. So, John you've made a lot of steps obviously in the last couple of days and you've seen what's happened to your stock. The market clearly has some concerns about something. If you really believe in the value of what you're doing in terms of Guyana, I know you've talked about it already, but to pull everything together cash in the balance sheet, hedge protection, the dividend burden and the pending sales next year likely including Guyana I'm guessing, why wouldn't you send the more obvious signal to the market on the buybacks? Because your stock's suffering, the steps aren't being recognized and the best M&A you can do in the market right now is your own share. So can you address that and maybe give some thoughts as to the scale of what you might consider? Because I think at this point the market needs some kind of a message from you, John?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Doug. Obviously, I think the first point is, we just completed these asset sales yesterday with outstanding results. And I think we brought a lot of value forward, certainly exceeded on an NAV basis most of the third-party estimates, and certainly exceeded expectation in terms of both proceeds and timing, so this just happened yesterday. That's number one. Number  and really what that does, as you point out in a $50 forever world and whatever one's views of oil prices are, you want to be financially prudent here, we basically brought forward these values and bolstered the cash on the balance sheet that we can pre-fund Guyana. And that's a big deal, because Guyana is great return. People often talk about living within your means. Well, by bringing the cash forward we are living within our means, meaning that we can pre-fund this world-class investment opportunity. Having said that, now that we have completed the sales, we can deliberate and bring clarity to the very question you're asking. And the importance of cash returns to shareholders given the strength of our cash and current liquidity position obviously gives us an opportunity to consider bolstering cash returns to shareholders as appropriate. We are going to do that. We want a little more visibility into Exxon's plans for phase two and three of the Liza development in Guyana. But once we have that clarity, I can assure you, we are going to clearly consider improving the cash returns to our shareholders as appropriate because you're right; our stock is a great investment.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. I'll maybe move on to number two if I may. And this is just very quickly on CapEx, on the last call John, John Rielly I guess, you indicated that the CapEx in 2018 would be similar to 2017 at $2.1 billion. With all these moves, can you give an early look at directionally how that CapEx profile should move next year?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: At this point, I'd still  I'd stick with that guidance and here's what the difference is from that last quarter is. So we do have the asset sales. So Norway, you're in that $120 million to $130 million of capital this year that will not be there next year. EG was very low. Now, as Greg mentioned, we are considering adding two more rigs in the Bakken during 2018. So you do have that type of offset. So, we're still looking at being flat, but we're going to be going through our normal budget and plan process and we'll be updating that with our fourth quarter numbers.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. My last one if I may then is for Greg. So Greg, on the production guidance, at the start of this year, the fourth quarter guidance, 330,000 to 340,000 [barrels of oil equivalent per day]. Can you walk through in a little bit more detail perhaps on what that momentum you talked about going into the first quarter looks like? Because even adjusting for a month of Equatorial Guinea and I guess a full quarter of Norway, it still seems that the guide is a bit light. So could you help us understand or reconcile, what the differences are and what you would expect going into Q1? I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Doug, let me split your question into two. The first one is just fourth quarter guidance compared to our third quarter actual production, which I think was part of your question. So as I mentioned in my opening remarks, the asset sales will be 14,000 to 15,000 barrels a day negative depending on timing. We talked about the knock-on effects in the Gulf of Mexico, particularly as it's associated to Penn State-6, and then the unplanned maintenance downtime from the Shell operated facility on Enchilada that affects Conger. The combination of those two things is about 8,000 barrels a day. And then you get the reversal of that temporary NEI adjustment in JDA, which is another 8,000. Now all that's offset though by North Malay Basin coming up to full field ramp up and then also the Bakken. So that's why we guided this 290,000 to 300,000 [barrels of oil equivalent per day] in the fourth quarter relative to the 299,000 [barrels of oil equivalent per day] that we experienced in the third quarter. In regards to your momentum question, I mean if you think about it, year-to-date we've only been op  our average rig count in the Bakken is three. That'll be fully four rigs as we go into 2018. And as John Rielly mentioned, that could be six rigs in 2018. That's one piece. We have Stampede coming on stream in early 2018 now, in the first quarter. So, that'll be another strong production momentum. And the final thing is you'll have North Malay Basin fully at plateau. So, those three pieces are really what are going to provide the strong production momentum as we go into 2018.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. I'll walk through the moving parts with you, but appreciate the time guys. Thanks.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: I guess, can we talk a little bit about, from a micro standpoint, price realization in the Bakken? Came in a little bit lighter than would've thought, whether hedged or not hedged. DAPL opening up, would have expected a little bit better. Just curious maybe what some of the moving parts were there.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So in the third quarter when you compare the third quarter to second quarter, actually even with DAPL, the Clearbrook was essentially unchanged, the second quarter to third quarter. And now, a good majority of our production doesn't go to Clearbrook. Just like all other operators, you have to get it out of the basin. So with Clearbrook essentially unchanged, and you're moving your product outside of North Dakota, you just have some additional cost comparatively between the second and third quarter even with DAPL starting up. So that's where that is in the third quarter. Now right at the end of the third quarter going into the fourth quarter, Clearbrook has clearly improved. So, those values from Clearbrook would show up more in the fourth quarter.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah, and we're also taking advantage of the export market. Year-to-date we've had three exports. In fact I think we were one of the first companies if not the first company to export Bakken crude a year ago. So we actually have had four exports over the last 12 months or so. So, we basically optimize all of our marketing outlets to maximize value and over time that's created relative superior value at the wellhead versus any of our competitors in the Bakken.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: No, I appreciate that. I was just curious if it was anything other than market conditions, but it's sounds like that's all it is. And then sort of a broader question, as you've gone through the asset sale process, and clearly the goal here to get overall operating costs, whether cash or non-cash down. You've done some of these asset sales and we've seen both gains and losses as you've adjusted to what the underlying asset values were. And I was just curious if you step back and look at the overall portfolio here going forward, are there any more sort of asset write downs that will affect depreciation in the future? I know this is an annual test type thing and, you know, prices at the end of the year. But I was just curious if that's any component of future lower DD&A or if we should think about it solely as the new projects coming in or simply you know, better than what's going out the door?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Well, first you should start with that, that the new projects or the projects like Bakken and Guyana, they're going to have better returns than the assets that we're divesting. So clearly, that's going to drive improvements in cash costs and DD&A and F&D, everything as we spoke about before. As far as just accounting, we go through and it goes on a quarterly basis. You evaluate what prices are. We'll be going through our budget and plan with the board and setting price (00:55:57) in the fourth quarter and we'll look at all assets at that point in time on where prices are, and then you go through your normal impairment reviews at that point in time. But that will happen on a quarterly basis.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah, good morning guys.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Maybe another follow-up on the cash balance question for John. Yeah, really reading between the lines of your comments, you mentioned you'll have a better idea on Guyana phase two and phase three timing in the next few months, that you could consider potential buyback at that time. Yet, I guess my question is on the spending side. What is the earliest you could be spending on Guyana phase two and phase three post FID type spending? Meaning, is there a reasonable scenario where you will need the cash from asset sales to support or to bridge to the post Liza startup period?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Hey, Evan, this is Greg. So again Exxon's still working on it. We are in early phases of feed on phase two, but we just can't be specific yet on the exact timing of when phase two and phase three could come about. I mean, clearly with 2.25 billion to 2.75 billion barrels of recoverable, you're going to need more than just phase one to get at that. But timing on both of those, I don't want to comment on because Exxon's still in various phases of planning that. We should have clarity on that, as John mentioned, as we go through the budget process by year end.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And that's clarity through I've got a 2020 timeframe then?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yes.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Let me ask a different question. I know you guys have been successful and very active in high grading the portfolio. Again, an asset that you didn't discuss, I mean, can you discuss the attributes that make Malaysia core to remain in the portfolio given that would likely be an accretive sale of pursuit? Can you talk about how that fits?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes. So I mean, just now when you look at our portfolio now and as we get through to 2020 with Guyana, we want to be in a situation right that we set ourselves up in this portfolio that we've got a low-cost, cash-generative portfolio and have the ability through these asset sales to bring cash forward to pre-fund effectively Guyana. What Malaysia now provides us, and I'm saying now is because we were developing North Malay Basin. North Malay Basin now is coming on. It's ramping up to its full production capacity. Putting North Malay Basin and JDA together, I guess the best way I'd describe this as a nice long-term infrastructure asset that provides this cash brick. Just cash flows year-in, year-out in your portfolio and it's both the JDA and North Malay Basin. Obviously their PSCs, prices go down, you get coverage as prices go down. So it's a great part, that this Malaysia asset is just really key for us to drive our cash flow to help fund our assets. Now, go forward, you never know long-term what happens, but Malaysia is right now a key core asset for us to generate cash flow and drive us through to 2020 as Guyana comes on.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah, and another way to bring perspective to it from a strategic viewpoint, is the cornerstone or core of our portfolio is going to be Guyana and Bakken which are low-cost, high-return growth assets and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Malaysia, which are low-cost cash-generating assets. The focus in the portfolio is much sharper. It's the areas that are low cost and basically we are redeploying the capital from the high cost mature assets into the low cost high return assets. And at the same time, simplifying and focusing the portfolio which we think will bring forward a lot of value for our shareholders.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's great. Maybe one more if I could, just on the Bakken more minor. Can you talk about what drove the sequential declines in the 90-day cumes there? I know, it appears that most of the program is well within the McKenzie area. Just trying to understand that variance.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, thanks for that, Evan. I figured that would come up. So you know in the third quarter the IP90s averaged 840 barrels of oil per day, which is fully in line with our guidance of 800 to 850 [barrels of oil per day]. Now in the second quarter, we had IP90s that were in over 1,000 [barrels of oil per day]. So what's driving that? Really simple. It's where the rigs were located. So those IP90s in the second quarter were reflecting eight wells in the core of the core of the Keene area, which is the absolute best area in the field. I think, you know, if you step back though, you know, as John mentioned in some of his remarks, our IP90s have averaged 890 barrels of oil per day over the first three quarters of 2017 versus 580 barrels a day over those same three quarters in 2016. So that's an improvement of about 50%, you know, just comparing year-on-year in IP90. So the trend is outstanding. And again, that's from these higher stage counts, and then as we move into higher proppant loading as well. So the quarterly fluctuation is purely a function of well mix. And as we added rigs 3 and 4 in the Bakken, we had to spread those rigs out because operationally you had (01:02:05) issues, infrastructure that you're trying to balance. So you moved outside of that, you know fantastic core of the core rock in Keene. You had to put rigs in other areas of the field. But again, just look at the overall average; very substantial improvement in IP90s.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: I presume that will be supported.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: But that will fluctuate. Yeah, there will be fluctuation quarter-to-quarter just based on well mix.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: And 5 and 6 will add to that, I presume.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: It will. I mean, in terms of operational flexibility, you'll have to move into other areas of the field if you have 6 rigs versus 4 and we'll give guidance on that if we make the decision to go to 6.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. And we'll give guidance on that in January just like we always do, yeah.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Appreciate it guys. Thank you very much.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. And next question's from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Thanks for taking the call. This is Muhammad (01:03:06) on behalf of Pavel. So the two recent asset divestitures that you guys announced in EG and Norway, those are both pretty high-tax countries. How do you expect the closing of those divestitures to affect your income tax rate?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So I gave on  when I gave the pro forma numbers, you saw the benefit that we were recording was  our actual was 18% in the third quarter and on a pro forma basis, that goes down to 2%. So it all depends that  what that means is as you can tell, those assets had losses and were generating losses in the portfolio. And so, we'll have less losses and you won't be benefiting, just like you said, at those higher tax rates.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Yeah. Sorry, I must have missed that. Thanks. One other question for me. So last month, the International Tribunal of the Law of the Sea decided in favor of Ghana in their maritime dispute with the Ivory Coast. How do you guys expect to proceed with your, I guess, acreage in that region or in the offshore of that country. Are you guys planning to continue drilling or monetize that acreage?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Now that there's clarity on the border dispute, we can proceed with the best way to optimize the value of the asset.
Unknown Speaker: So, no more details other than that.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Correct.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you. That's all for me.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. There's tremendous interest in the market, particularly on the buy side for return on capital employed improvements and I was hoping that you could walk me through the path to a better return on capital employed for Hess, perhaps over the next five years. I think we all understand that you're out spending for Guyana. It seems that with the hedging you've announced, you're kind of planning on $50 or sort of locking into $50 certainly for next year. Sounds like it'll be flat CapEx. So, with the cash on the balance sheet, I can get there on the cash side of the story. The problem I think has been that the shareholder equity keep shrinking and we're seeing net income losses. And I guess the easy thing might be, John Rielly, for us to talk about DD&A reductions given what you've said about marginal barrels being so much higher return than trailing barrels. But any help you can give me on that would be great. Thank you.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. I mean obviously I think we've said it over and over. The whole goal of our strategy here in these portfolio moves are to improve the returns on invested capital. So that's what we're focused on. So now by selling those high cost assets and just from that prior question, as you know, those assets, just from, as I told you on a pro forma tax rate, were generating losses in the portfolio, and you're right. We are doing all this and planning for, can you call it a low price or an extended $50 oil price environment, and we believe we set ourselves up to win in this $50 environment because one, now we have the cash to be able to fund Guyana just like you said. And then the assets that we will be investing in which are Guyana and we've gone through the returns there, and I know we've gone through this, we have it in our investor deck of how Guyana can compete and actually do better than even some Permian, Delaware type assets in a low price environment. So, that will improve our returns. And like we said earlier, Liza has a $7 F&D, so that will drive down DD&A. The Bakken as well will continue with the investments that we have at four rigs and as you know, we're evaluating going to six rigs. The reason we're evaluating going to six rigs is because of the tremendous returns that we see in our portfolio there and we have plenty of well locations that work at sub $50. So that will also, a low F&D and improved returns in both Bakken and Guyana are going to be at a cash cost lower than our current portfolio average. So the returns that we generate there are going to improve and the point and the goal and I guess the way you can measure it is, as we say post Guyana in a $50 world, when that comes up, it's all these investments will be generating free cash flow post the Guyana production starting up. And then as you will start to see that, we'll generate, post the Guyana production again, net income will continue to increase along with that cash flow. So it is all about trying to shift and reallocate the capital in our portfolio to the highest returns and we believe these Bakken and Guyana investments will really drive that improvement in return on capital employed.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: To be specific, yeah, thank you, I understand that.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Could you be specific on the dynamic of the DD&A coming down though? Do we have to wait several years for this to happen or how can we forecast for DD&A to start getting that net income improvement that we want?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Okay. So I mean, you heard at least from a pro forma standpoint, we're dropping in the third quarter. It went over $1. So that's one thing just starting there.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: When these assets come out of the portfolio, you're going to get that. Every time we bring on a new barrel in the Bakken, with this F&D, that's driving down our DD&A rate. And then Guyana, now the big change there with the F&D there, that won't happen until 2020. So it's just going to be a progression as we move through from 2017 to 2020 on driving down that DD&A rate. And like you said on the  we talked about on the cash cost, you can just start from where we are right now at $14 driving it down to under $10 as we go to 2020. So it's just going to be that slow progression on cash costs and DD&A as we move through.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood. So just very finally, could you guide me through DD&A for next year?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: No, I can't exactly at this point, but I can do that on the fourth quarter. With all else being the same, you would use this pro forma number of that I said were $23.72, and then that would come down based on the investments and the growth that we have in the Bakken coming through. So it'll be lower than that number in 2018. And then we'll continue to look at all the assets and on our portfolio mix, it depends on where production is as we go into 2018. And I'll update on our call then.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question's from Jeffrey Campbell of the Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning and congratulations on the recent asset sales.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Maybe another way to ask a question that is sort of tangential to some of this discussion we've been having around the portfolio and uses of cash. You said that Guyana will be self-funding once Liza phase one comes online. Or at least I believe that's what you've said. And there's obviously a lot of future development there. Do you have any idea how long you think it'll take to generate free cash flow from Guyana development?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. It's too early to comment on that because again, it depends on the timing of phases two and three. And we hope to get clarity about that from the operator in ExxonMobil before the end of the year.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Just for phase one, as we've said in meetings with investors, just phase one in and of itself, you get your cash back in about three years from first production. So that's infinitely superior to any shale investment you would make that's seven to 10 years, even the best of shale. So the cash-on-cash returns in Guyana are much superior to anything you can get in shale. It's not to disparate shale. Shale's a different investment profile, but Guyana is truly superior to almost any other investment you can make in the E&P space in the world. So we can talk intelligently about phase one because we've authorized it. We just have to wait for the phasing a phase two and phase three to give you the macro picture on Guyana itself for Hess.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: No, I appreciate that and I think kind of where I was trying to go is that before people get so comfortable with selling assets that are obviously generating free cash now, one should step back and think about when free cash is going to emerge from Guyana. If I could ask one other Guyana question real quick, does the success of Turbot influence your confidence in impending Suriname exploration in any way? And can you remind us what's coming up for exploration there?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. So Block 42 in Suriname as you mentioned, we see that as being part of the same play fairway as Liza. We're currently interpreting in 3D seismic there and evaluating to drill a well in 2018. So Block 42 looks great and of course we also, as you know, entered Block 59 along with ExxonMobil and Statoil; that's a third, a third, a third equity each. That's a very big block. That's 500 Gulf of Mexico blocks. We also see it as part of the same play fairway as Liza and the co-ventures now we're just beginning to plan seismic program. So 42, likely a well in 2018; 59, too early to comment on when we might be drilling there because we got to get the seismic done first.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. I appreciate the color.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question's from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Maybe just one first question on some of the guidance you provided with the asset sales on a move towards a $10 a barrel OpEx target and $150 million in cost savings by the end of this decade. Are there any efficiencies built into the assumption or is it just the result of rolling off higher cost barrels and overhead, or could we see upside to those numbers from additional efficiencies? And maybe what level of activity in the Bakken is embedded in those numbers?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So what we have in those numbers to get down to the $10 is, I'm not assuming any efficiencies per se in there. So, I mean, again our teams have been really good on continuing to drive down our cash costs across our portfolio. So there are potential upside to those numbers. So you do have the higher-cost barrels that will be coming out and then you have the $150 million of cost savings which I did not factor into those numbers there. Then, what helps to drive is kind of the  going back to what Greg was talking about on the pro forma production momentum. So you have North Malay Basin which is coming in at the full rate starting in 2018. That is one of the lowest cash cost assets we have in the portfolio. Stampede coming on. Gulf of Mexico assets very low cost, so that will continue to drive down the cash costs and then you have the Bakken. So activity levels that we talked about in here, we've got four rigs in there. We know we're considering going to six. We have the four rigs and the additional production, as you can talk about our oil production growth of 10% per year. With that our low cash costs will also drive down the cost. And then obviously when Guyana comes on you get the final piece to drive it down. So, yeah, no, we're not assuming any heroic efficiencies or anything in there. It's the quality of our assets and the investments in these high-return assets along with the start-up of our developments that will drive these costs down to $10 and below.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. And then maybe in light of all that talk about portfolio activity, any comment on how the Utica fits into this in terms of longer term plans and ability to attract capital within the portfolio?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think the Utica as you know, the only challenge with the Utica right now is just that the netbacks, because it's infrastructure constrained. We see those infrastructure constraints opening up in 2018/2019. I always have to remind people it's a good position in the Utica. It's in the heart of liquids window. It only has 5% royalty. It just needs some help on price. It offers good growth. Currently, it doesn't and it currently it does not compete with the Bakken obviously. So, it's going to be a function of price as to what we do with Utica. But it's got good returns at a reasonable gas price, so.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question's from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys, and good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Hey, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Greg, on Turbot, I assume it will be a individual development, not a tie back. From that standpoint then, what is the minimum resource size in order for that to be economic at $50 Brent?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Paul, obviously it's  we're very excited by the discovery as we mentioned in our opening remarks, because it opens up a new province or area in the southeastern part of the block. It's too early to kind of speculate on how much volume it's going to take, et cetera. It's got its own sort of unique attributes, but it's very encouraging and very exciting. We will want to get an appraisal well in it sometime in 2018. Once we have that appraisal well, we'll have a better idea of go-forward development plans for that, I'll call it the greater Turbot area.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And the Turbot at 75 feet is there a continuous column or there is several different columns?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: It's broken into just a couple of sand packages, but there's one very large thick package within that column. So that's going to be the big target.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So that when you said very big is it what, 60 feet, 50 feet or up to 75 feet or 40 feet?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, of this 75 feet I think it's around 60 feet of it.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And that the next on Bakken, Greg, earlier you mentioned that one of the reason why, or the primary reason why the IP90 changed from the second to third quarter is because of the core of the core well, the conversation changed. Can you tell us that what is the average differences between the core of the core well and the rest of your portfolio?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, I think again Paul, you have to look at kind of what our guidance is for the year. So 800 to 850 [barrels of oil per day] is what we guided for the IP90s for the year. And again in Q2, the core of the core, which was the Keene area, and it was only eight wells, the IP90s coming in there were around over 1,000 [barrels of oil per day]. So I would just say, look at the average. The 800 to 850 [barrels of oil per day] is a good reflection of the average at the core that we're drilling this year.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. And...
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: But within that, there's some very outstanding wells obviously.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right, because it seems like Keene is maybe is more like in the 1,300 to 1,500 [barrels of oil per day], I would assume.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, because in Q2, the IP90 results that were reflected there were only eight wells in Keene. Right?
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So it will be even higher than that.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And all the...
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, those were  so Paul, just let me clarify that. So in Q2, we quoted over 1,000 IPs. Again, that's eight wells right in the heart of the Keene. So that is the average of eight wells and they were all about the same. So they were all around that 1,000 to 1,100 oil IP90.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Very good. And on the 2,800 additional drilling location that you have in Bakken roughly, how many of them are in the, what you call the core of the core?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, I think a better way to think about that is, which we've done in our investor conferences, there's a slide in our pack, is if you look at the inventory, now, I'm going to describe this as 50-stage, 70,000 pounds because it hasn't been updated for 60-stage, and 140,000 pounds, so these numbers will change. They'll get better. But certainly at 70,000 pounds, we have about 1,500 wells of the 3,000 wells that generate an after-tax return of 15% or higher at $50 Brent. Or $50 WTI, sorry. So that gives you an idea that at least half of the 3,000 wells generate a very high return at these kind of prices. So that gives you a sense, right?
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: For how much is there.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. And then the final one is for John Rielly. John, on the $150 million restructuring, can you give us some additional  elaborate a little bit more in terms of some detail on number of head you're going to cut the area that where that they're going to come from the functionality, that kind of things?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So it will be across the board. I mean, I think, you will see the majority from an income statement line item will be in the G&A line item. But we will have some that will be  some of our reduction will be in our operating costs as well. And just so  like we will be finishing all our work on that and our organization redesigning in 2018 and we will have transition costs in 2018 that offset some of these savings. So it's really, from 2019 on is where you'll see this $150 million cost savings kind of flowing through our numbers.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And can you tell us that what is the number of head count that you plan to reduce, and where is the ...
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: No, I...
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Is it in the corporate headquarter or is going to be in your Houston office, or what kind of function because...
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: This will be  it'll be a...
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: It's a pretty big number.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah. It's a big number. I mean obviously with Norway, EG and then Denmark being sold, there is a reduction in our portfolio and what we're doing is just rationalizing our fixed cost base that we have here to support our production portfolio. And it's just going to be part of that. We've done high level design on this. The reductions will be across all aspects be it central functions, be it corporate, be it E&P. So we're looking at all of that. And as I said, you'll start to see it in 2018 because we will be enacting it. It's just that we will have transition costs in 2018 and get the full benefit in 2019.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah, because I just scratching my head on E&P given that in (01:23:32) you are not a operator so I would imagine the cost, your back office support cost associated there is not that great or not that high and just for Denmark and EG, since the elimination of those two assets translate into $150 million in reduction in G&A because that seems a very high number.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So look, we have put it on paper and we feel comfortable, very comfortable with that $150 million. You've got to factor in a lot of ancillary costs. So you've got supply chain activities in every one of those areas. We've got tax activities in every one of those areas. We do have finance support in all of those areas, IT support in all of those areas. So we've looked at all of that. And so, it will be head count, it will be other operational type costs that will be reduced and I will tell you I feel very comfortable about the $150 million by 2019. Again we will incur this transition cost in 2018.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Just a final one. Does that mean that the (01:24:44) from a P&L standpoint show up in your corporate (01:24:50) number or they're showing up in your U.S. E&P earning number?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: The bulk of this was because the support is really for our E&P, so the bulk of it will be in the E&P numbers, being able to reduce our costs within E&P, but there's going to be clearly corporate cost reductions as well.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question's from Bob Morris of Citi. Your line is open.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thank you. We've gone quite a long time here, so I'll be brief here. But in looking at 2018 even with a flat budget and $50 oil, $3 gas, you'll outspend cash flow and I get the returns in the Bakken and adding perhaps two more rigs. But how do you think about the cash flow outspend in that environment? Is there a limit as to, with the cash on the balance sheet, how much you're willing to outspend cash flow in 2018, or how do you monitor that?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah, I think the key point here is the Bakken itself has to be cash generative. One of the reasons we went to two rigs and then four was to ensure in a low price environment, it would not only grow, but be cash generative. But one of the holdbacks on the Bakken was the corporate cash position. Now that the corporate cash position is better, we can invest in the higher-return low-cost projects, the Bakken really is one of those first calls on capital along with Guyana. And that really underpins sort of the base spend along with some of the investment that we still have to do in Stampede and the JDA even though they're going from cash users to cash generators. So that really speaks for like 90% of the spend that we're going to have next year and I can assure you, we're going to keep it very tight, minimize the outspend, but most of the outspend is being driven by the need to invest in Guyana which again, offers superior returns to almost anything else in the E&P business. So we're very mindful of the corporate position and that's why we're really redeploying the proceeds from the high-cost, lower-return and mature assets to the lower-cost, high-return assets which really positions the company for a much lower unit cost and improved cash generator and return on capital employed for many years to come.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Oh, that's great. That makes sense. And then Greg, just quickly here, you mentioned that the average EURs this year for the Bakken are sort of trending to just over 1 MBOE, but that appears to be a mix of the 50, 70,000 and the 60, 140,000 wells and if we break out the data on just the 60, 140,000s, those appear to be trending at something a little bit better than 1.2 MBOE. Is that on target there?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think you're in the range. Again it's early days so I want to see more type curve performance before I'd be definitive, but you're definitely in the range. I just wanted to clarify one thing John said. The spend in Malaysia next year is not JDA; it's actually North Malay as we have to add some more wells to stay at capacity.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you. Yeah. I meant Malaysia overall. Exactly.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Yeah. Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question's from David Heikkinen of Heikkinen Energy. Your line is open.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC: Thank you guys. You actually got all my questions.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Okay. Thank you.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question's from John Herrlin of Socit Gnrale. Your line is open.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Yeah. A couple for Greg and then one for John. Regarding Turbot, Greg, how would you characterize the structure vis--vis Payara vis--vis Liza, because it's a big step out? Is it a similar kind of structure? Could you describe it a little bit more?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, it is. I mean it's basically a stratigraphic trap, so it's like the Liza complex, again playing the stratigraphic traps that get trapped in the rim of the bowl as the sediments before they plunge down into the basin. Very similar.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Okay. Regarding inflation, you've locked in some sand purchases earlier this year for this year. Are you going to do that again in 2018, and what are you seeing on the inflation side in terms of cost for infill service?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. You bet. So, I think again, I think as I said last time, it's really a tale of two cities, right? So, in offshore we see flat to further declining costs, rigs and shipyard construction in particular are experiencing further downward pressure, which is being reflected in the Guyana development. Onshore, industry cost trends are increasing, but you know, as we mentioned, we have taken steps to contain the costs by not only locking in rig and pumping rates, but also pre-purchasing sand and putting in place some longer term contracts on many of those services. So, at least in 2018, those steps that we've made in our lean manufacturing approach, we think we can deliver our 2018 program with minimal inflation. There will be some, but it will likely be single-digit. It won't be massive. Now as we do our budget in 2019, we'll be relooking at all that. The pressure on sand has gone off as more mines have opened up. That was a transitory thing, and that's why we locked in the proppant, and we're still in the money on that deal. So that turned out to be a good deal on the end.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Okay, thanks. My one for John Rielly is the head count. Obviously, you just sold assets, so how much smaller is the Hess workforce going to be ballpark?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So, at this point, we're not going to provide that number. The cost reduction of $150 million are going to run across the board. There will be head count reductions, there will be vendor cost reductions, just due to the size of the portfolio getting smaller. But it's just premature for me to give those type of numbers.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: (01:31:09)
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. We've had over the last two years probably a 30% reduction in head count. And there's more to come. So, people want the sizing. Obviously it's a work in progress. It has to do with a reshaped portfolio, we'll reshape the organization, minimize corporate and then really right size the organization to support the asset portfolio we're going to have. So, we don't want to front run the announcement on that. But at the end of the day, I want you to know, there's been significant reductions already.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Thanks, John.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question's from Ross Payne of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: How you doing guys? Free cash flow, you're currently producing a decent amount of it and even after asset sales, you'll have a reasonable amount. Is it one way to look at this is, the current free cash flow covers the core CapEx for the company and then the asset sales are funding most of Liza? And second of all, it's $1 billion for phase one of Liza. Can we estimate about the same number for phase two, and maybe another $1 billion for phase three? Thanks.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So, your estimates are exactly right on the cash flow and that the asset sales are coming into to fund this great opportunity that we have in Guyana. As you said, you have that phase one cost. We don't have any guidance out there. The only thing I will tell you is that the initial phase one FPSO has a capacity of 120,000 barrels per day. It has not been landed what phase two and phase three are, but it could be likely to be at a larger size than that 120,000 [barrels per day]. But outside of that, we haven't had any additional guidance that we're able to give out at this point in time.
Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. And then on the share repurchase, would you pretty much want to hear what phase two and possibly phase three is going to look like before you step into stock repurchases with the excess cash that it looks like you're going to be bringing in from this plus Denmark?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I mean, the thing on phase two and phase three, I would say Exxon's pretty far along on getting that definition. We just want a little more clarity on that. So, it's not that far out in time, when we would be able to get that clarity. And then, while we want to maintain a strong liquidity position to make sure we can prefund Guyana, which is a great investment, once we have that clarity, obviously we will clearly consider cash returns to shareholders as appropriate.
Ross Payne - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: All right. Thanks. That's it for me. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-07-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp. John B. Hess - Hess Corp. Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp. John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.
Analysts: Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2017 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Vince and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the risk factor section of Hess's annual report and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. Now as usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Jay, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will provide an update on our progress in executing our strategy including a number of major milestones achieved in the quarter. Greg Hill will then review our operating performance and John Rielly will review our financial results. We believe our company has the best long-term growth outlook in our history, as well as one of the best in the industry. It is value driven with an increasing resource base, production growth, lower cost per barrel and improving financial returns. Our growth is underpinned by four key areas; the Bakken; North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand; Stampede in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico; and offshore Guyana. With regard to the Bakken, we have an industry-leading strategic position with more drilling locations in the core of the play than any other operator. We are currently operating four rigs at 60-stage fracs and increased proppant levels should deliver production growth of approximately 10% a year over the next several years. With our productivity and technology improvements, we now forecast virtually the same production growth with four rigs that would've taken six rigs a year ago. We will decide whether to add two additional rigs as originally planned based on an improvement in crude oil prices and the results of our enhanced completions. Second quarter net production in the Bakken averaged 108,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, compared to 106,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day during the second quarter of 2016. For the full year 2017, we forecast Bakken production to average approximately 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day at the high end of our previous guidance of 95,000 barrels to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day due to strong performance by our Bakken team and results of our new completions. In the Gulf of Thailand, the North Malay Basin Full Field Development achieved first production of natural gas earlier this month. Hess is the operator with 50% interest and Petronas is our partner with the remaining 50%. We are still in the process of commissioning the field and expect net production to reach its planned plateau rate of 165 million cubic feet a day of natural gas during the third quarter. North Malay Basin is expected to generate strong and stable production and cash flows for many years to come. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Hess operated Stampede Development in which Hess has a 25% interest is on track to start up in the first half of 2018. Net production is expected to increase throughout 2018 and reach a peak rate of approximately 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Turning to Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest in the Stabroek Block and ExxonMobil is the operator. In June, we announced positive results from the Liza-4 well, which encountered more than 197 feet of net pay. Yesterday, the operator announced successful results from the Payara-2 appraisal well with 59 feet of net pay, which confirms a second giant oil field discovered in Guyana and increases Payara gross discovered recoverable resources to approximately 500 million barrels of oil equivalent. Gross discovered recoverable resources for the Stabroek Block, which include discoveries at Liza, Liza Deep, Snoek and Payara have now been increased to an estimated 2.25 billion to 2.75 billion barrels of oil equivalent. In addition, to the considerable resources discovered to-date, we see additional multi-billion barrels of unrisked exploration potential on the Stabroek Block. In June, we also sanctioned the first phase of a planned multi-phased development of the Liza Field, which is expected to have a gross capital cost of approximately $3.2 billion for drilling and subsea infrastructure and will develop approximately 450 million barrels of oil, with first production expected by 2020. The development will utilize a leased floating production storage and offloading vessel that will have the capacity to process up to 120,000 barrels of oil per day. The Liza Phase I development offers very attractive financial returns and a rapid cash payback with a manageable pace of investment. Hess' net share of development costs is forecast to be approximately $955 million, of which $110 million is already included in our 2017 capital and exploratory budget. Of the remaining net development costs, approximately $250 million is expected in 2018 and approximately $330 million in 2019, with the balance in 2020 and 2021. Our success in Guyana is transformational and positions our company for a decade plus of resource and production growth with improving returns and cost metrics. Funding these growth opportunities requires a strong balance sheet and liquidity position, which remain a top priority for our company. At June 30, we had $2.5 billion of cash and total liquidity of $6.8 billion and we continue to take steps to keep our financial position strong. In April, we successfully completed the initial public offering of Hess Midstream Partners LP resulting in net proceeds of $175 million to Hess Corporation. The MLP structure will allow us to further unlock value with a combination of embedded growth in EBITDA as Bakken production continues to increase and through future drop downs. Hess Midstream Partners LP will announce its second quarter results tomorrow. Our success in Guyana also provides us with the opportunity to consider the divestment of mature higher cost assets, which can accelerate their value while upgrading our overall portfolio and also providing additional funding for our high return growth opportunities. Last month we announced an agreement to sell our enhanced oil recovery assets in the Permian Basin for a total consideration of $600 million. This transaction is on track to close on August 1. In addition, we expect net cash flow to improve over the next several years as our $700 million of annual spend for North Malay Basin and Stampede winds down and these two projects go from being sizable cash users to significant long-term cash generators for the company. In the current low price environment, we continue our efforts to reduce both capital and operating costs. For the second quarter, E&P capital and exploratory expenditures were $528 million and we now project our full year 2017 capital and exploratory expenditures to be $2.15 billion, or $100 million below our previous forecast. It should also be noted that our major growth projects, the Bakken, North Malay Basin, Stampede, and Liza are all expected to have cash unit operating costs that are substantially below our current portfolio average. Now turning to our financial results, in the second quarter of 2017 we posted a pre-tax loss of $425 million, which reflects improved operating results compared to the pre-tax loss of $678 million in the second quarter of last year. On an after-tax basis, our net loss was $449 million, or $1.46 per common share compared with the net loss of $392 million, or $1.29 per common share in the second quarter of 2016, reflecting a lower effective tax rate in 2017 resulting from a required change in deferred tax accounting. Second quarter production was above our guidance range averaging 294,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, driven by strong performance across our portfolio. Net production in Libya was 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. For the full year 2017, we now expect net production of 305,000 to 310,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, which is at the upper end of our previous guidance, even with the sale of our Permian EOR assets that have net production of approximately 8,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Production growth resumes beginning in the third quarter. And fourth quarter production is expected to average 7% to 10% higher than last year's fourth quarter pro forma for the sale of our Permian EOR assets. In addition, we expect next year to show strong growth driven by higher activity levels in the Bakken, a full year of production from the North Malay Basin, the startup of the Stampede field, and a full year of drilling at Valhall. In summary, we are well positioned to deliver value-driven growth to our shareholders with our strong short cycle position in the Bakken, our two offshore developments in North Malay Basin and Stampede expected to deliver a combined 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and our world-class development in Guyana, which also offers significant further exploration potential. We continue to prioritize a strong cash position and balance sheet to fund this growth, which we believe will create compelling value for our shareholders for many years to come. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an update of our operational performance in 2017 as we continue to execute our E&P strategy. Starting with production, in the second quarter, we averaged 295,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. This was 14,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day above the midpoint of our guidance range of 275,000 to 285,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting strong performance across our portfolio, particularly in the Bakken. The third quarter will be a major inflection point for us in terms of production growth. We forecast net production to average between 295,000 and 305,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. The startup of production from the North Malay Basin Full-Field Development is expected to more than offset the impact of the sale of our Permian EOR assets, as well as a now completed unplanned 10-day shutdown in July at the JDA in the Gulf of Thailand to replace a flare tip. Our positive production momentum will continue in the fourth quarter, with a full quarter of production from North Malay Basin, a continuing ramp up in the Bakken, and as we bring online new wells at the Valhall Field in Norway and our Penn State field in the Gulf of Mexico. As John noted, given our strong operating performance year-to-date and even with the sale of our Permian EOR asset, which is currently producing about 8,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, we now forecast full year 2017 production to average between 305,000 and 310,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is the upper end of our previous guidance range. Turning now to onshore operations, net production from the Bakken averaged 108,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the quarter, significantly beating our guidance of approximately 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, as the productivity of our new wells continues to perform higher than forecast. As noted in our last call, we added a third operated rig in the Bakken in March and a fourth in April. As a result of our strategy to preserve capability during the downturn, we were able to onboard these two rigs safely and with a high degree of efficiency. During the second quarter, we drilled 23 wells and brought 13 new wells online compared to the year-ago quarter when we drilled 20 wells and brought 26 wells online. We also completed 14 wells in the quarter. We continue to test higher stage counts and proppant loading in line with our focus on maximizing the value of our DSUs. We currently have six 60-stage wells online and 11 wells completed with proppant loading of up to 140,000 pounds per stage. While still early days, we continue to be encouraged by the initial results from our new completions. Drilling and completion costs for our 60-stage 70,000 pound per stage wells are averaging between $4.5 million and $5 million, which is approximately $0.5 million below our initial guidance range. This result reflects our distinctive Lean manufacturing approach, which continues to drive improvement in our operations. Drilling and completion costs for the higher-proppant wells are in line with our previous guidance of $5.5 million to $6 million. To mitigate the risk of rising sand prices, in the second quarter, we pre-purchased our sand requirements for the balance of 2017, which is expected to save us between 15% and 20% versus current spot prices. Based on encouraging production performance from our trials and the positive outputs that our predictive models are showing, we have decided to move to 60-stage completions as our new standard, while continuing to evaluate the impact of higher proppant loadings up to 140,000 pounds per stage. Early results and predictive model outputs suggest a potential 10% to 15% uplift in EUR as a result of the higher stage counts and proppant loading. In addition, we are able to raise full year 2017 average IP 90 guidance to between 800 and 850 barrels of oil per day, an increase of 100 barrels of oil per day compared to our earlier guidance. The material increases in performance that have been achieved this year now allow us to hold Bakken production flat with 2.5 rigs versus 3.25 rigs required a year ago. Given the strong performance of our Bakken wells in the first half of the year, we forecast net Bakken production for the third quarter to average between 105,000 and 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and the fourth quarter to average between 110,000 and 115,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This results in an increase to our full year guidance for the Bakken of 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to approximately 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent. Now moving to the offshore, in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 51,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day over the second quarter, as planned shutdowns were successfully completed at non-operated host facilities for the Conger and Llano fields. No significant shutdowns are planned for the third quarter and production is forecast to average between 60,000 and 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the Gulf of Mexico. We also successfully drilled a new production well in the Penn State field. The well is currently being completed and is expected to be online in the fourth quarter. In Norway, at the Aker BP operated Valhall Field in which Hess has a 64% interest, net production averaged 24,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day over the quarter. We drilled and are currently completing the first well of a seven well campaign and have spud the second well. The first well was drilled 38 days ahead of schedule and is now expected to come online late in the third quarter. A 10-day shutdown is planned for the third quarter, over which net production is expected to average approximately 23,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day before increasing to approximately 29,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter. Moving to offshore developments. First gas was introduced to the platform on July 10 from the Full-Field Development of the North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, in which Hess holds a 50% interest and is operator with Petronas as our partner. The North Malay Basin project delivery was achieved with first gas only three years after project sanction. We are still in the process of commissioning but expect net production to build to approximately 165 million cubic feet per day net during the third quarter and the asset to become a significant long-term cash generator for the company. At the Stampede Development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, in which Hess holds a 25% working interest and is operator, the Tension Leg Platform was installed and hook up and commissioning are progressing to schedule. One well has been drilled and completed and completion operations are underway on the second and third wells. First oil is planned for first half of 2018. Now moving to the offshore Guyana. In June, we sanctioned the first phase of the multi-phased development of the Liza Field, in which Stabroek Block operated by ExxonMobil and in which Hess holds a 30% interest. This is an asset of exceptional scale with a high quality multi-DRC (20:57) permeability reservoir and attractive financial returns at oil prices down to $35 Brent. Phase I will utilize a leased floating production storage and offloading vessel that will have the capacity to process up to 120,000 barrels of oil per day. First oil is expected by 2020, only three years after sanction. With regard to the continuing exploration and appraisal of the Stabroek Block, as John noted, in mid-June we announced positive results for the Liza-4 well where we encountered 197 feet of high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoirs. Yesterday, ExxonMobil announced the successful result of the Payara-2 well, which encountered 59 feet of high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoir. This positive result increases the gross discovered recoverable resource at Payara to approximately 500 million barrels of oil equivalent confirming the partnership's second giant oil field discovery in Guyana. The well results increase the currently discovered gross recoverable resource on the Stabroek Block to between 2.25 billion and 2.75 billion barrels of oil equivalent. We plan to continue to progress exploration of the wider Stabroek Block during the remainder of 2017 and 2018 where we see numerous remaining prospects across multiple play types representing multi-billion barrel unrisked upside potential on this 6.6 million acre block. Current thinking is that after completing the evaluation of Payara-2, the rig will move to the Turbid (22:44) prospect and then to the Ranger prospect. Earlier this month, we also announced early entry to Block 59 and Suriname together with our co-venture partners, ExxonMobil and Statoil, and in which Hess holds a one-third interest. This 2.8 million acre block shares a maritime border with Guyana and extensions of the play fairways that we see in Stabroek. Block 59 is also contiguous to the 1.3 million acre Block 42 and Suriname in which Hess holds a one-third interest with our co-venture partner Chevron and Kosmos. In closing, we have once again demonstrated excellent execution and delivery across our portfolio. Our production momentum continues with ever stronger results from the Bakken, the commissioning of the North Malay Basin Full-Field Development, and planned first oil from Stampede in the first half of 2018. Together with our partners in Guyana, we have sanctioned the first phase of development of the world-class Liza Field and the potential of the Stabroek Block continues to get bigger and better. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today I will compare results from the second quarter of 2017 to the first quarter of 2017. In the second quarter of 2017, we reported a net loss of $449 million compared with a net loss of $324 million in the previous quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production, E&P incurred a net loss of $354 million in the second quarter of 2017 compared to a net loss of $233 million in the first quarter of 2017. The changes in the after-tax components of E&P results between the second quarter and first quarter of 2017 were as follows; lower realized selling prices reduced results by $51 million. Changes in sales mix driven by Gulf of Mexico maintenance reduced results by $26 million. Higher DD&A expense reduced results by $16 million. Unrealized losses due to crude oil hedge ineffectiveness reduced results by $16 million. All other items reduced results by $12 million for an overall decrease in second quarter results of $121 million. The E&P effective income tax rate was a benefit of 8% for the second quarter of 2017 compared with the benefit of 13% in the first quarter excluding Libyan operations. For the second quarter, our E&P sales volumes were under lifted compared with production by approximately 290,000 barrels, which did not have a material impact on our results. Turning to Midstream, in the second quarter of 2017, the Midstream segment had net income of $16 million which was down from net income of $18 million in the first quarter of 2017 due to a non-recurring charge of $3 million related to our Permian midstream business. EBITDA for the Midstream, before the non-controlling interest, amounted to $96 million in the second quarter of 2017, compared to $94 million in the first quarter of 2017. Turning to Corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $111 million in the second quarter of 2017, compared to $109 million in the first quarter of 2017. Turning to second quarter cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities, before changes in working capital, was $332 million. The net decrease in cash resulting from changes in working capital amounted to $167 million. Additions to property, plant and equipment were $480 million. Net proceeds received by Hess Corporation from Hess Midstream Partners IPO were $175 million. Proceeds from asset sales were $79 million. Net repayments of debt were $52 million. Common and preferred stock dividends paid were $90 million. All other items were a net increase in cash of $9 million resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $194 million. Changes in working capital during the second quarter included non-recurring payments totaling approximately $130 million related to line fill for the Dakota Access Pipeline, termination payments for an offshore drilling rig, premiums on crude oil hedge contracts and prepayments for frac sand in North Dakota. Turning to our financial position. Excluding Midstream, we had cash and cash equivalents of $2.45 billion, total liquidity of $6.8 billion including available committed credit facilities and debt of $6.035 billion at June 30, 2017. In August, we expect to receive net proceeds of approximately $600 million from the sale of our enhanced oil recovery assets in the Permian basin. Now to turn to guidance, first for E&P. Our updated 2017 guidance includes the anticipated impact of the Permian sale which assumes a completion date of August 1. We project cash costs for E&P operations in the third quarter to be in the range of $14.50 to $15.50 per barrel and $13 to $14 per barrel in the fourth quarter reflecting the impact of higher fourth quarter production from North Malay Basin and Bakken. The lower cash costs projected for the fourth quarter of 2017 will continue in 2018 with Stampede commencing production and Bakken volumes increasing. Full year 2017 cash cost guidance is now $14 to $15 per barrel, which is down from previous guidance of $15 to $16 per barrel due to ongoing cost reduction efforts and strong production performance. DD&A per barrel is forecast to be in the range of $25 to $26 per barrel in the third quarter of 2017, and $24.50 to $25.50 per barrel for the full year of 2017, which is up from previous guidance of $24 to $25 per barrel. The increase in the full year guidance is due to better performance by Tubular Bells and the Bakken, both of which have higher DD&A rates than the portfolio average. As a result, total E&P unit operating costs are projected to be in the range of $39.50 to $41.50 per barrel in the third quarter and $38.50 to $40.50 per barrel for the full year. Exploration expenses excluding dry hole costs are expected to be in the range of $65 million to $75 million in the third quarter with full year guidance remaining unchanged at $250 million to $270 million. The Midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $130 million to $140 million for the third quarter and $520 million to $535 million for the full year, which is updated from previous guidance of $520 million to $550 million. The E&P effective tax rate excluding Libya is expected to be a benefit in the range of 10% to 14% for the third quarter. For the full year we now expect a benefit in the range of 11% to 15%, which is down from previous guidance of 12% to 16% due to a change in mix of operating results. Now for Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $15 million to $20 million in the third quarter and $65 million to $75 million for the full year, which is updated from previous guidance of $65 million to $85 million due to the sale of our enhanced oil recovery assets in the Permian basin. Turning to Corporate, we expect corporate expenses to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million for the third quarter and full year guidance of $135 million to $145 million, down from previous guidance of $140 million to $150 million. We anticipate interest expenses to be in the range of $70 million to $75 million for the third quarter and $295 million to $305 million for the full year, which is unchanged from previous guidance. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Our first question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Start out in the Bakken, as you think about the decision to take that rig count or not to take that rig count up to 6 to 4, can you talk to some of the points of guidance you expect to make that decision, oil price et cetera? And it seemed like in the Bakken one of the reasons maybe beyond the productivity for the very strong production came from a higher mix of gas and NGLs, and can you talk more to how much more upside there could be on the gas and NGLs from flaring less?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Let me take your first question Brian. So what's going to drive the decision to increase the rig count, as John mentioned in his opening remarks, we're currently operating 4 rigs that, with the 60-stage fracs and the increased proppant levels, 4 rigs should deliver a production growth of approximately 10% a year over the next several years which is nearly the same production growth with 4 rigs that would've taken with 6 rigs a year ago. So because of those factors, the decision is really going to be based upon the crude oil outlook at the end of the year and also, will we continue to see higher and higher performance from those enhanced completions. So those are going to be the two things that we're going to be looking at. In regards to your NGL and gas, as you know, we just brought on the Hawkeye Facility in the first quarter and so we continue to gather more and more third-party volumes as we go through as well as our own volumes south of the river, so.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah, the oil and gas mix at the wellhead is the same. This is just a question of us capturing more gas due to south of the river having the infrastructure there, reducing our flaring footprint. So it has nothing to do with well performance.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks. And then the follow-up, and I may have misheard but I think when you talked about the DD&A per barrel forecast going up attributed to stronger well performance than Tubular Bells and the Bakken. If the well performance is stronger, can you just talk to why that's increasing the DD&A rate versus lowering F&D costs/DD&A?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So from a forecast standpoint on Tubular Bells, Tubular Bells actually produced 19,000 barrels a day on average in the second quarter. And so when you calculate the DD&A, it's still based on the same reserves that we had at the beginning of the year. Now with production we may get an update in reserves as we move through the year, but as of right now with the quarter, you're using the same calculation. So all we're getting is more barrels with the same DD&A rate that we had previously. So the DD&A rate for Tubular Bells is above our portfolio average rate. So the more barrels it produces, it just increases our overall DD&A. And right now with the Bakken same thing, and we'll continue to see with the uplift in EURs, adding more and more reserves, but right now the Bakken DD&A rate is above our portfolio average. So as we bring on more volumes there, it does increase DD&A. All non-cash, all happy to get because both Tubular Bells and Bakken are delivering more cash flow as a result of it. But just from a pure accounting requirement on the DD&A, it just gives us a higher DD&A.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. And so it sounds like it's more timing than not. Obviously, the IRR goes up if you're getting the production out more quickly, but do you think that the EURs in both areas are actually on the rise? Or in places like Tubular Bells, it is just that the production is getting out more quickly?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So they both are getting higher. So I mean you've heard what's been happening with our type curves in the Bakken, so we are producing. Our EURs are performing above our type curve forecast, which will obviously then lead to higher reserves. And Tubular Bells, as well, we're doing kind of the slow ramp and bringing it up to production. Tubular Bells is currently producing around 20,000 barrels a day. So we are getting, like you said, better returns and over time that will get into our reserve numbers.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan Chase. Your line is open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Just wanted to first talk about the results of Payara-2 and what are the implications as we think about a potential Phase II in Guyana?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Arun. Well, obviously, this upsizes the resources quite substantially. So we've gone the range from 2.25 million to 2.75 million barrels of oil recoverable. So we are working with the operator now on planning and engineering studies underway for, obviously, additional phases of development. And as that comes to fruition, we'll provide additional information on those future phases. However, obviously, this increases the resources very substantially.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. We're reasonably confident the operator is moving forward with a second ship (38:02), and with these recent results, there's a strong likelihood we'll have a third ship (38:07).
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: But it's going to be phased over time. So it's going to be very manageable from a financial perspective. But the thing here it's going to give us an increasing resource base, put us on a very sustainable growth trajectory, but significantly lower our cost per barrel. That will give us resilient returns in a $35 or $40 [a barrel] world. So I think it's really going to advantage the company in terms of improving cash-on-cash returns once production comes on in 2020.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. And my follow-up, John, you mentioned in your prepared remarks about the potential for Hess to look at divesting some of your mature, higher-cost assets. Could you just maybe give us a little bit more color around that in terms of what you're thinking about and perhaps timing of when we could see something like this?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yes. No. Very fair. As we see, we're in the investment mode, which depending on oil price, may mean continuing having a financial deficit. I think it's very important to know that we will selectively use asset sales to fund that deficit. And you're talking about mature, higher-cost assets, very much as we did with our sale of EOR assets in the Permian. But the key thing here is our growth is underpinned by the four key assets we talked about: 70% of our CapEx, the Bakken, the two developments offshore in the Gulf of Mexico, Gulf of Thailand and Guyana. Our other assets actually do play an important role in the portfolio in terms of cash generation with growth potential as oil prices improve. But we will selectively look at some of those assets in the normal course of business if it makes sense to sell them to continue to optimize our portfolio, very much as we did with the Permian.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thanks. Our next question is from down Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. A quick follow-up to Arun's question, if I may, so all we understand in Payara right now is that the rig is still in location. Can you speak, Greg, to the pre-drill and the prognosis for the deeper well (40:31) that was going to be targeted as well? Has that been penetrated? Or are you still on location?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I might pick that one up, Doug, because we've coordinated this with the operator and our partner ExxonMobil. First, I think the most important thing here is the Payara-2 appraisal well was very significant. It confirmed a second giant oil discovery in Guyana and also increased the gross discovered recoverable resources just from Payara to 500 million barrels of oil equivalent. So it's going to be very economic. It's going to be a great investment and great return. And the key opportunity we have there, as you know, was we were able to deepen the Payara-2 well by only approximately 300 meters, or 1,000 feet, to evaluate a deeper exploration objective, which provided a low-cost opportunity to evaluate a potentially material prospect. I can say now, this is the same position from our partners as well, the well encountered high-quality sands. They were water-bearing, but they had oil shows throughout. So the results were and are very encouraging, from both the reservoir quality and hydrocarbon system perspective, and evaluation of the well results is ongoing. And I think the other key point is there is considerable resources discovered to-date, but we see additional multibillion barrels of unrisked exploration potential in the Stabroek Block ahead of us.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Appreciate that answer, John, and maybe just sticking with Guyana very quickly, because the pacing of cash flows is obviously a question that folks are asking. When you look at the development scenarios, are you still comfortable that Liza early production phase essentially self-funds subsequent phases? And if you could clarify the tax position, because I understand that PSC was ultimately published by the press earlier this year, so if you could address that. And I've got a quick follow-up in the Bakken, please.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So from the funding, you saw in our release, right, that it was approximately $950 million is the capital associated with the first phase, with $110 million already in our budget this year, going to $250 million, then to $330 million, and the remainder split between 2020 and 2021, so very manageable within our capital budget. And the way we think about it, although nothing has been set yet with the operator, but if you're going to get to our second FPSO, you're probably talking a two to three-year period from today where we'll really start the same type of process. So if you take a look at that same phasing, that phasing will happen again two years from now. And then we will have the production startup of Liza Phase I. And as typical in a PSC, you can begin to get your cost recovery of your cost bank. And that will help fund the second phase. Now specifically on taxes, Doug, I am limited, because the terms are confidential, as you said. I know there's been some PSC leaked, but we can't talk about it with specifics, except to say I think, as both John and Greg have mentioned, that when we run out and you run out to like the Liza Phase I economics, this provides good returns down to $35 Brent. So, again, with the quality of the reservoir, the lower cost environment we're seeing offshore, and the combination with the PSC provides that good returns down to $35 in Guyana. It really truly is an exceptional discovery and development.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, John. My quick follow-up is to, Greg, very quickly on the guidance of the revised type curves in the Bakken. Does that include the higher proppant loading or just the move to 60 stages? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, I think that when we said upsizing by 10% to 15%, that assumes a higher proppant loading as well. Now what I can't tell you, Doug, is are we going to settle on 120,000 pounds per stage, 140,000 pounds per stage, 130,000 pounds per stage. We're still in the midst of basically figuring that out. But the early results from the 11 wells that we have online with 140,000 pounds per stage is very encouraging. So that gives us confidence to say that this is a 10% to 15% uplift in the EUR. It also allowed us to increase our IP90s by some 100 barrels a day on average for the remainder of the year. So it's a combination of both.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks, everybody.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bob Morris of Citi. Your line is open.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks. Greg, just following up on the Bakken question. You mentioned the 10% to 15% uplift in EUR, but looking at the IP90s in the second quarter versus the first quarter, those were up about 30% and I know some of that is the additional gas capture. But how much of that is just contribution from those 11 wells with 140,000 pounds per stage that may have been on for 90 days, I don't know how many were online for 90 days, but how would you reconcile the much higher uplift in IP90s you saw in Q2 versus Q1 for what wells were online?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah, okay. So a good question. So really the Q2 IP90 performance was very good because we're drilling in the core of the core, which is the Keene area. And that's really the best area that we have in the core of the Bakken. And those wells were actually performing even higher than what our forecast was. Now as we go into the second half of the year, we're going to move outside the Keene area with a couple rigs. They're still good wells. They're just not as good as Keene, but they're still very good wells.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Hey, Bob, the only other thing  I just wanted to add is those IP90s are only oil. Those are barrels of oil, so it has nothing to do with gas capture.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: That's true. Good point
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Yeah. So that's even better. All right. Great. Second quick question, you confirmed that in Guyana the next two prospects will be Turbid (47:01) and Ranger, given how fast these wells are drilling I would expect that you would have results on both of those by year-end. Would that be correct?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, obviously, that depends upon evaluation and kind of what you find. But yes, I mean, most likely we would have results in both by year-end.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Great. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons. Your line is open.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thanks very much. Just wanted to continue the discussion here on Guyana and the exploration program going forward and the multibillion barrel potential you all have talked about. Can you talk a little bit more about Turbid (47:41) and Ranger, what type of prospects those are? Where they might be located on the block? And then just at a high level, how are you thinking about that pace of that program through 2018, maybe how many exploration wells you might plan to target over the next 12 to 18 months or so?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, Guy, thanks for the question. So let's start with Turbid (48:07), so Turbid (48:08) is very similar to Liza, meaning it's a stratigraphic play type that is on this rim of the bowl that we've talked about. It's to the southeast of where Liza is located. And then if you move to Ranger, Ranger is further out in the basin and it is a very different play type, which appears to be a carbonate buildup with on-lapping sediments, very large structure but they are very different play types. So again, Turbid (48:43) is more akin to Liza kind of a play type, whereas Ranger is completely different kind of play type. As far as a go-forward on exploration, remember, we have until 2026 to explore on the block, so effectively nine years from where we are today. The pace for next year, you can assume a one rig kind of pace doing exploration. So that's about $150 million a year or so in net to Hess. And within that exploration campaign next year, there may be some more appraisals on Liza because we see more upside on Liza as well.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International: Very helpful. Thank you. And then you all mentioned using or potentially looking at the portfolio and asset sales in part of the funding mechanism for shortfalls. Can you also talk about what the potential might be for drop-downs into the MLP type of cash that that could afford the parent? Just trying to understand at a high level the runway there, kind of what the ultimate opportunity for drops might be? How you might think about that just from a high level in terms of the pace as well?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So I'll address that. And we do view this as a win-win for Hess and for our midstream business as well. So what we would be thinking of drops is nothing imminent that would go from the JV we have down to the MLP because this is a public entity because of the organic growth that both John and Greg have laid out that we had with our four-rig program. What we are working with on our JV partner is we have within Hess still plenty of 100%-owned type midstream assets that we could put in the top-tier JV such as our North Dakota water-handling business, which we've spoke about. So that is something that can be dropped into the JV, and then later, so it bumps up the EBITDA runway at the top level and that asset then subsequently can be dropped into the public vehicle as the EBITDA growth continues in the MLP. There are other assets that we have in North Dakota, other 100%-owned assets besides the water handling that we'd be looking to put in. And then we'd look across our portfolio, even including assets in the Gulf of Mexico, such as like our Stampede TLP. So there's other types of assets that we'll be looking at it and it will be part of, kind of, as I said, a win-win part of our funding in this lower-price environment for Hess, and it's giving more EBITDA runway to the midstream business.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yes. I think the key takeaway here is continued tight capital and expense controls, selective asset sales of mature higher-cost per barrel assets using the MLP as a future funding mechanism, altogether with Guyana and our growth opportunities that we're investing in put us on a trajectory to be cash generative in a $50 world once Guyana comes on. And I think that's the key takeaway and that's the objective for our company.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: And the last thing I'd add, Guy, to your question on the play types, these play types are also what we see extending into the Suriname blocks, which is why we've gotten an interest in two of those as well.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International: Very helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. And...
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: ... good to be back on the call after, I think, two years or something like that. Anyway...
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Welcome.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: ...just to get to Guyana, the $35 breakeven, if I remember correctly, $40 was the number. Can you give us an idea of is it just the greater reserves? Or is there something else you detected in the appraisal wells that's helped lower that breakeven number?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. I think there's a number of factors why the breakeven is what it is. So let's start with the reservoir. Very prolific reservoir porosity, permeability, which means that your producers in Phase I are going to recover about 56 million barrels per well. Secondly, the wells are very shallow. They're only about 12,000 feet to 13,000 feet below the mud line, and don't have any of the typical drilling things that you would financial in the Gulf of Mexico that require multiple casing strings. So the well costs here are a third, call it, of the Gulf of Mexico. I think the third thing is that we're doing this at the low point in the cycle. So, FPSO, Surf, drilling, all those things are occurring at a low point in the cost cycle. And then finally, although we can't be specific, it has a good PSC that really helps you at these lower prices. So all four of those things contribute to the very low breakeven.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. Great. That's helpful. And then to the Bakken just in general, the idea of you're in an outspend position obviously for the next couple years until Guyana does come online. As you think about I would imagine better well performance and maybe stable well costs, any desire to kind of step on the accelerator or to pull your foot off the gas kind of given let's say a sub-$50 oil environment just as a starting point for that?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, I think, as John said, I mean, the couple things that will govern that decision on certainly increasing the rig count will be oil price and the performance of these enhanced completions. I think in any case we're running the Bakken for value and for cash and not growth for growth sake, right. So I think that's a key tenet in how we're actually running the Bakken. Regarding decreasing the rig rate, I mean that is a potential opportunity if oil prices get low, even lower. That's a pin that we could pull if we have to. That's currently not our plan but obviously we could if we had to.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Just a...
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: At the current rig count we have, we're very comfortable being at a four-rig rate in a $40 to $50 world. I think that's a key point.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. I appreciate that. And just a quick follow up on that. If you did have to pull back at all, any contractual limitations on that? Anything you're kind of locked into? You mentioned buying the sand in advance, but I was just curious if anything else was kind of nailed down or committed.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. So we've got our rigs committed for three years and pumping for two. However, all of those contracts have flexibility in them both on the up and the down. So no major issue if we decided to reduce rigs. But as John said, that's not our plan. We're very comfortable with four rigs in the Bakken at this $40 to $50 range. I think another important point on that, we have over 800 wells that generate an after-tax return of 15% or higher at $40 WTI flat. So we've got a very healthy inventory of outstanding return wells.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Hey, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Greg, earlier you said that Bakken you're going to run based on cash and value. As forward program, can you give us a rough idea then what oil price you need in order for you to be cash flow breakeven from Bakken?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So we're at  at current prices, Paul, we're generating significant free cash flow from the Bakken. So it would, as Greg said, we've got 800 wells that give 15% type returns at $40. So, look, I know you and I have talked about this in the past. On a cash cost level for the Bakken, it is below our portfolio average. So prices would have to go significantly lower to cause us not to be breakeven, not to have free cash flow.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And, John, maybe I misread what you said. It sounds like you are saying that the Phase II for Guyana is going to be FID in 2019. Is that what you said because you're saying that the phasing of the next phase of the development would be two years out? Is that how I should interpret?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So what we were talking about is how the phasing of capital on a second phase. So this you really should ask the operator on the timing of that phasing. But now with the results of Liza-4 and it being so good and now Payara-2 again getting up to 500 million barrels, we feel pretty confident that there's going to be a second FPSO. So now it's timing with the operator is we sanctioned Liza-1 here this first one in 2017, so somewhere I was just estimating in a two- to three-year period it should be sanctioning the second one.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. I guess my question on there is more like (58:55) I thought we go for the early production in Phase I upon these (59:03) also using it as an extend or sanction test (59:04), I suppose. And you're going to incorporate that into the Phase II and Phase 3, if there is a Phase 3. And so from that standpoint, should we look at this such that you're not going to sanction it until the Phase I startup, or that you might actually sanction it say a year before? So I'm trying to understand, not trying to pin you down on the exact time, but the thinking that how the Phase I development is going to be used?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yes. So, I think, Paul, there will be dynamic data that we're gathering as part of Phase I, but you should think about that as a parallel path with doing FEED on Phase II. So as you're learning, as you're going, you'll incorporate those learnings because it's really going to come down to the dynamic data is going to give you learnings on the well behavior. And so that won't really make a difference until later in the project, the Phase II project. So parallel path, dynamic learning as you go and incorporating those as you are building and drilling Phase II.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And John, when you cut the CapEx by $100 million this year, is that a reduction the nature is (1:00:25) because some work being postponed? Or simply just on the efficiency gain, and if that's the case, is that all from Bakken or from where?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So, it really isn't an activity-based reduction. It really is efficiency and cost reduction efforts. I mean you've seen what's been happening on the cash cost side, so day-in and day-out we're focusing on reducing cost on the OpEx and capital. And Bakken actually isn't the biggest driver of our CapEx budget reduction because we actually are moving, as Greg said, to the 60 stages in the higher proppant. What we've been able to do with efficiency there though is not increase the budget in Bakken even with moving to that. So then it's more across the portfolio, you heard North Malay Basin did start up a little bit early, so we've had some reductions from North Malay Basin. I think you've been hearing where Stampede is, that it's out in the Gulf, so we've actually got some reductions there as well. And then the remaining pieces, it's just across the portfolio.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. My final question and just one comment. The final question is that if after the Stampede and North Malay ramp up to keep your production flat and the mix between oil and gas steady, any rough idea what is the annual CapEx requirement today based on that? And the final one is just a request on the Midstream to see whether that you can continue to provide more of the segment detail breakdown in your press release. Thank you.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. Let me answer your second one first. The only reason we don't have the Midstream information in this press release because, as John mentioned in his opening remarks, is Hess Midstream Partners, now it's a public company, is having its first earnings call tomorrow. So after the Midstream earnings call tomorrow, we will post in our supplement all the Midstream information that we had previously provided. So we just didn't want to front run their earnings call. As far as capital to maintain kind of our oil gas mix, our production type flat, the typical way I look at it is, take your number of barrels that you are producing in a year, this can be for any company, Paul, and then pick your F&D rate. If it's $15, if it's $20, so with us, if you're using anywhere a range of $15 F&D to $20 F&D, you're in that 1.7 billion to low 2 billion barrels to be able to maintain production at a flat range. So it is there. With Guyana, obviously, we've got some low F&D type projects coming into the portfolio as well as Bakken. But over the long run, that's to me a typical way to look at how you can maintain your production flat.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Maybe just as we look into 2018 maybe a follow up on CapEx. As we think of the moving pieces on capital, can you remind us of and maybe as we think of the next, maybe even 2018 and 2019, how much spend will be rolling off versus incremental spend could be ramping? I mean, if we were to hold at a four-rig program, how low could the capital budget trend over the next couple of years?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So, assuming the four-rig program and let me just at least do 2018 versus 2017, so we have four rigs in 2018. On an average this year, we're going to be running three-and-a-half rigs in the Bakken. The other thing will be, for 2018, we'll be using right from the start, the higher stage counts and the higher proppant loading, whatever that level is. So Bakken capital will go up in 2018 for both those reasons, but not a tremendous amount, but there will be an increase there. The other, let's just go what else would increase in the portfolio. As you know, the Phase I of Liza was sanctioned. We had $110 million in the budget this year. It's $250 million in 2018, so that will be where the other increase is. Then offsetting those is both North Malay Basin and Stampede. So we have about $700 million of capital this year. Look, we will be providing guidance as normal in our January call, but you could look at somewhere around $400 million between the two on North Malay Basin and Stampede. So that will be a significant offset. We had some drilling going on in the Gulf of Mexico, which looks like will be reduced in 2018 as well. So hopefully, that can give you just general levels of where CapEx are and we'll update in 2018.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Sorry, and on North Malay and Stampede, is that it could be down $400 million? Or it could be down from $700 million to $400 million?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Oh, sorry. Yes, it'll be down from $700 million to $400 million. And then the only other thing I just remembered is with Valhall, we did start the platform rig a little bit later in 2017, so we'll be running that platform rig for the full year in 2017. So it could be a slight increase in Valhall's capital.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. That's very helpful. And then maybe one follow-up on the Bakken, it's a great update there on well performance. Can you talk about how we should interpret those across the broader extent of your acreage and maybe across like the 2,800 wells of inventory that you talked about? Can you do the 60-stage fracs? Is that going to become the base case across the broader acreage position? And the 800 to 850 barrels a day of the IP90 rates, is that across the smaller subset in the core? Or is that broadly applicable you think across a larger portion of the 2,800 wells that you have of inventory?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Ryan, so the 60-stage will have broad applicability. So that has become our standard design now in the core of the Bakken. Recall we've got about 1,500 wells that generate 15% or higher after-tax return at $50 per barrel. Now that number was based on our old design, 50-stage, 70,000 pounds per stage. So as we update our models, we expect that that number will get even higher of the number of wells that breakeven at 50. So breakevens are going down, EURs are going up, IP90s are going up, all of which bodes pretty well. So the one piece of data that we can't be exact on yet is what is the proppant loading going to be? 140,000 pounds look good. We're trying to find the edge of the interference. We might back off a little bit from that, and hopefully by the end of the year and going into 2018, we can be more definitive on exactly what that proppant loading is going to be, but 60-stage is now the standard.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Greg.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Hey, Ryan, just to make sure I got the message out to you on CapEx. So with all those in and outs that I talked about here, you should not expect our CapEx really to be going up next year because of the reductions in North Malay Basin and Stampede and as well as the lower CapEx in the Gulf of Mexico, we'll be staying in the low end of that $2 billion range. So just to make sure I got that clear with you.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yeah. I know. That makes sense. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, everyone.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Hi, Paul.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, you referenced a tremendous number of moving parts, several of them very positive. And you've talked about, for example, $35 oil is a decent return for Guyana. But at the same time, you've referenced the current oil price as being a current low-price environment, which isn't suggested by the strip. Can you update us on the highest level on where you're aiming the company for in terms of the oil price that you assume, and what you're going to need just to break even in terms of your CapEx, your growth? What type of growth you would want at what type of price? And of course your earning? Thanks.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Paul, we're assuming $50 as the oil price that we're going to have for some time, and while we're in the investment mode now because of Guyana, and we earn very good returns in the future from that, and also the Bakken as well at the four rig count, we're putting the company to be in a position that when Guyana comes on in a $50 world, we will be cash generative.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: And could you just continue that into the Bakken, John, because I think in the past, you've spoken about $60. It seems that's changing, could you just update me on where that's going to be?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: From the Bakken, again, to make sure I get this out. Right now, at these prices or lower, the Bakken generates free cash flow. And, as Greg mentioned, we've got 800 wells, even at $40 WTI that generate 15% return. So, as John said, we do have deficits right now. Our target over that medium-term, once Liza comes onstream, is to be net cash flow positive, $50. That's post-dividend as well. And we believe we can do that while providing attractive and competitive rates of production growth and returns. So currently where we are right now, our cash flow from operations, say, in 2017 covers all our producing assets capital, and our dividend at these current prices. As we move into 2018, though, our North Malay Basin and Stampede projects will become cash generators. So again that's going to help lower that deficit. And then what we'll do until Guyana comes onstream, is we'll continue to use our strong cash position, remember we have the Permian asset sale coming in the third quarter, to supplement our cash flow to fund those growth projects which is Bakken, we're going to keep with the Bakken and four rigs, especially at the current prices as you've heard, because it does generate good returns. And then Guyana and because of the value that both Bakken and Guyana generate for us, and we're past the development spend on North Malay Basin and Stampede, we can drive to have an increase in cash flow, free cash flow position post Guyana coming on in a $50 world.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you. That's exactly what I wanted to hear. And could you just continue that into earnings please, John? You've mentioned and explained the slightly confusing DD&A that you mentioned earlier in the call. But when can we expect to see earnings positive?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Earnings is going to be the non-cash DD&A obviously, we have that high rate that we go on right now. Bakken and Guyana will continue to drive down that rate as Bakken reserves get added, and then as well as additional reserves we get booked with Guyana, and that production comes onstream. The exact point, Paul, I don't know. The breakeven on net income will follow kind of the cash flow, free cash flow numbers, so again it will be post Guyana.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. And then just as a follow-up, it seems that you're not being rewarded for a mixed business model that the market wants focus. When you talked about the potential for disposals, is there a potential for a major further restructuring so that you get rewarded for the quality of some of these assets without sort of mixing them and being diluted by the market valuation of mixed business models, which seems to be structurally lower for less focused companies? Thanks.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah, with all due respect, Paul, when you model us versus I would say other companies that have balanced portfolios, I actually think we're holding our own. So I guess beauty is in the eye of the beholder, but from the numbers we've run we're actually starting to get recognition that what we have in Guyana is truly game changing. In our investor pack we show that the returns it will generate, the EURs per well, the cost per barrel like $7 a barrel development cost is quite distinguishing. And so when you compare our business model versus the pure plays, whether it's offshore or shale, we actually, I'd say, are probably holding our own in the middle of the pack, now we want to be at the top of the pack, and I think as we execute our strategy, we will. So I think that's the takeaway that I would respond to you with.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning, and congratulations on the continuing uplift in the resources offshore Guyana.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: I just want to ask two quick questions back on the theme of the material asset sales. The first one being, just being an asset operator such as the South Arne versus being a non-op interest holder such as at Valhall, will that have any material influence on your thinking in the future?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Well, I wouldn't want to speculate on any asset sales. Being an operator offshore is fundamental to our strategic positioning going forward. Being an operator in the unconventionals is fundamental as well. It also helps us when we are a partner with someone else who is an operator. So we're going to stay as an operator, both onshore and offshore. And whatever selective asset sales we have in the future, we'll be focused on maximizing value, bringing value forward and lowering us on the cost per barrel curve, and there will be some selective opportunities that we look at as we go forward to meet some of our funding gap to fund our growth opportunities. And remember, John Rielly pointed out that we'll be also looking at the MLP as well, or our joint venture above the MLP.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Right. No, that was very interesting color, I thought. Bearing in mind the desire to lower the corporate BOE costs, are there portions of the Bakken that could actually be a potential sale at some time if you needed it? And one reason I'm asking this is because I remember not too long ago there was a discussion about maybe experimenting with plug-and-perf and cemented liners and that sort of thing in the less than core acreage to see if, perhaps, results could be improved. So I'm just kind of wondering what you're thinking about the Bakken outside of your obviously identified core.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So just as an example, earlier this year, we did do a sale. It was approximately $100 million for what we were considering non-core acreage that we wouldn't get to because of the quality of our DSUs still sometime in the future. And so, again, it's an example. As John said, we're going to look where the value is. It was worth more to someone else because they were going to drill it earlier than we would, and we did do that sale. So what we do is try to work together with our midstream business to get the overall best integrated value that we can for both Hess and the midstream on our acreage. And so could further sales of non-core acreage happen in the Bakken? Yes. Yes, that could happen.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Herrlin of Socit Gnrale. Your line is open.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Yeah. Hi. Just some quick ones from me. Greg, you said that the wells were running at about a third of Gulf of Mexico in Guyana. So what would be the completed well cost be? About $40 million or less?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Hi, John. It's John. The well cost in Guyana, so we're not being specific; we've got to ask the operator. So what has been happening for us and the numbers that you know out there are on, let's just call it, a dry hole cost. If you're just going down to the bottom to TD on an exploration well, it's only net to us, like $15 million, okay? So gross that up, it's like $50 million for a direct dry hole. So then you get into on our exploration wells on whether we're coring or testing, there's going to be more. And then the overall development wells, the cost of those wells are baked into that overall gross $3.2 billion of the development cost, but we have not broken out individually the wells, and I guess that would be more for the operator to do.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Okay. That's fine. In the Phase I, Greg also mentioned that there was 56 million barrels in recovery. So are you looking at about 10 producers?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: It's actually eight producers.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Okay. Good. That's fine. And since you're on the phone, John, how much was, for the working capital changes, the incremental sand, the rig contract and the pipe-fill? Can you break it down?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So we weren't going to be specific, so what I would tell you on the two biggest were the DAPL line-fill. It was 1.2 million barrels that we had to, as part of our being an anchor shipper in DAPL. So that was the biggest. The next one was the rig termination payment that we had. It was the rig that was working on Tubular Bells, and we've completed that, and this was the last payment on that. So those two were the biggest and then the remainder is between the hedge premiums and the frac sand.
John P. Herrlin - Socit Gnrale: Okay. Great. Thank you.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: You're welcome.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you very much this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-04-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp. John B. Hess - Hess Corp. Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp. John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States) Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. John Herrlin - Societe Generale
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2017 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Vince and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Vince. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. As you know, Hess Midstream Partners LP completed its initial public offering earlier this month. Please be aware that even though the IPO was closed, we are still restricted by securities laws and what we can say about Hess Midstream Partners at this time. As such, our remarks today about Hess Midstream Partners will be very limited. We expect that Hess Midstream Partners will file its 10-Q for the first quarter of 2017 in May. Now, as usual, with me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. I will review the progress we are making in executing our strategy as well as highlights from the quarter. Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance and John Rielly will then review our financial results. Our company has had more than a decade of visible production growth secured with an expanding resource base, declining operating and development costs and strong leverage to oil prices, all of which should improve our financial returns and create significant value for our shareholders. Production growth, which is set to resume beginning in the second half of 2017 is underpinned by the Bakken, the North Malay Basin and Stampede developments, and offshore Guyana, where we have participated in one of the industry's largest oil discoveries in the past 10 years. Key to funding these growth projects is a strong balance sheet. With $2.7 billion of cash and total liquidity of $7.2 billion as of March 31, our financial position remained strong. To provide insurance for oil price uncertainty and our increasing activity levels, we have hedged 80,000 barrels of oil per day for the balance of 2017, utilizing a put-call strategy that provides a floor of $50 per barrel for WTI and $55 per barrel for Brent, while retaining $20 per barrel upside from those price levels. To unlock additional value, earlier this month, we successfully completed the initial public offering of Hess Midstream Partners LP. The transaction, priced at $23 per unit, well above the indicated pricing range of $19 to $21 per unit. As a result of strong demand, the transaction was upside by 20%, resulting in net proceeds of $350 million to our Bakken Midstream joint venture, with $175 million attributable to Hess Corporation. In addition, the MLP provides another attractive long-term funding vehicle for our company. With regard to our growth projects, in the Bakken, where we have a premier acreage position in the core of the play, we added a third operated rig in March, a fourth rig in April, and plan to add two additional rigs in the fourth quarter. In Malaysia, the Hess operated North Malay Basin development, in which Hess has a 50% interest, is expected to come online in the third quarter, and add in excess of 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, becoming a long-term cash generator for the company. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Hess operated Stampede development, in which Hess has a 25% interest, is on track to start up in the first half of 2018, after which production is expected to ramp up to 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Offshore Guyana, in March our partner, ExxonMobil, announced another discovery at the Snoek prospect on the Stabroek Block. This oil discovery is additive to those at Liza, Liza deep, and Payara, which have an estimated recoverable resource range of between 1.4 billion barrels and 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Also, we see numerous additional exploration prospects on the block that collectively offer multi-billion barrels of un-risked upside potential. Planning for the development of the greater Liza area is underway, with final investment decision and project sanction of the first phase expected mid-year 2017, and first production by 2020. The development concept for Liza Phase I is based on a floating production, storage and offloading vessel or FPSO that will process approximately 120,000 barrels of oil per day, produced from two subsea drill centers. Liza Phase I offers attractive project economics down to $40 Brent flat. The greater Liza development has the potential to be transformational for our company and positions us for more than a decade of material reserve and production growth, and improving financial returns and cost metrics. Now, with regard to our financial results, in the first quarter of 2017, we posted a net loss of $324 million, or $1.07 per share, compared to a net loss of $509 million or $1.72 per share in the year ago quarter. Compared to 2016, our first quarter financial results were positively impacted by higher crude oil selling prices and lower operating costs and exploration expenses, which more than offset the change in deferred income taxes and lower production volumes. With activity increasing in 2017, our focus is on execution in terms of delivering production, progressing our offshore developments, and continuing to drive cost reductions and efficiencies. First quarter production was above our guidance range, averaging 307,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, driven by strong performance across our portfolio. Bakken production averaged 99,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, above the high end of our guidance range, despite challenging weather conditions during the quarter. In summary, with our strong financial and liquidity position, oil leverage portfolio and exciting growth opportunities, we believe the company is well positioned to deliver strong cash flow growth and compelling long-term value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an update on our progress in 2017 as we continue to execute our E&P strategy. Starting with production. In the first quarter, we averaged 307,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, which was above our guidance range of 290,000 to 300,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day on the same basis, reflecting strong operating performance across our portfolio. Regarding second quarter guidance, we expect net production to average between 275,000 and 285,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, which is a 5,000 barrel per day increase versus our previous guidance. The second quarter is lower than the first quarter, primarily due to planned seasonal maintenance in the offshore. However, the third quarter will be a major inflection point for production, as positive momentum returns to our portfolio with North Malay Basin coming on-stream and Bakken production ramping as a result of the increased rig count. Our full year 2017 production guidance remains 300,000 to 310,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, but as usual, we will provide an update to full year guidance on our mid-year call in July. Turning to onshore operations for the quarter. In the Bakken, we recovered quickly from the temporary operational impacts of extreme weather conditions over December and January to average 99,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter, beating our guidance of 90,000 to 95,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, while bringing on line some of the highest IP rate wells that we have seen to-date. We continue to see outstanding results in the Bakken, driven by high well availability and improved well performance from our 50-stage completions. We are seeing a consistent 15% to 20% increase in well productivity as a result of the shift to 50-stage completions from our previous 35-stage standard design. As discussed on our last call, we continue to trial higher stage counts and higher proppant loadings. While still early days, we're encouraged by initial results. We will gather additional production and cost data from these tests in the coming months and will provide an update on our July call. In March, as John noted, we added a third operated rig in the Bakken and April a fourth, and we currently plan to add two further rigs in the fourth quarter. During the first quarter, we drilled 11 wells and brought 8 new wells online. This compares to the year ago quarter when we drilled 19 wells and brought 31 wells online. In 2017, we still expect to drill approximately 80 wells and bring approximately 75 new wells online. For the second quarter, we forecast net Bakken production to average approximately 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In Libya, we were able to complete a lifting in March and the asset contributed net production of 4,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter. Despite the resumption of production, the political situation in the country remains uncertain and therefore we continue to exclude Libya from our forecasts. Moving to offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 66,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter. In the second quarter, a 34-day shutdown is planned for the Conger Field and a 44-day shutdown is planned for the Llano Field, which should result in our Gulf of Mexico production averaging between 50,000 and 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter. In Norway at the Aker BP-operated Valhall Field, in which Hess has a 64% interest, drilling resumed in March from the platform rig and we expect the first well to come online in the fourth quarter. A further 11-day shutdown is planned in the second quarter at the Okume Complex in Equatorial Guinea. Net production from Equatorial Guinea averaged 31,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter. For offshore developments, at North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, in which Hess holds a 50% interest and is operator, we are now in the final phases of the full field development. The central processing platform was successfully installed in March, and hookup and commissioning is progressing according to plan. The three remote wellhead platforms have been hooked up and commissioned. The FSO is scheduled to sail out during the second quarter. And all of the 14 wells planned for full field startup have been completed. Once full-field development is completed in the third quarter of this year, we expect net production to build fairly rapidly to approximately 165 million cubic feet per day, becoming a significant long-term cash generator for the company. At the Stampede development in the Gulf of Mexico, in which Hess holds a 25% working interest and is operator, we successfully completed the first production well and have spud a second well. Sail-away of the tension leg platform and the commencement of installation are scheduled for the second quarter. First oil remains on schedule for the first half of 2018. Now, turning to Guyana, in the Stabroek Block, in which Hess holds a 30% interest, the operator, Esso Exploration and Production Guyana Limited announced that the Snoek well, located approximately 5 miles southeast of the Liza-1 discovery well resulted in another oil discovery. The well encountered more than 82 feet of high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoirs. The rig has now moved back to Liza to drill the Liza-4 appraisal well, which spud on March 31. This well is designed to further evaluate the significant Liza oil discovery and help define the full-field development plans. ExxonMobil estimates gross recoverable resources for the greater Liza area to be in the range of 1.4 billion to 2 billion barrels of oil equivalent, which is expected to support multiple phases of development. The Liza-4 and Payara-2 appraisal wells will evaluate the high side of this range. We plan to continue to progress exploration of the wider Stabroek Block in 2017 and 2018, on which we see numerous remaining prospects across multiple play types, representing multi-billion barrel un-risked upside potential. We expect to sanction the first phase of development of the Liza field around mid-year. This development is expected to be configured for gross production of approximately 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with first oil expected by 2020, and will generate attractive project economics down to $40 Brent flat. In closing, we have once again demonstrated excellent execution and delivery across our portfolio. With an attractive mix of captured short and long cycle opportunities and top quartile operating capabilities, we are well positioned for a decade of value driven reserve and production growth. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today I will compare results from the first quarter of 2017 to the fourth quarter of 2016. In the first quarter of 2017, we reported a net loss of $324 million compared with an adjusted net loss of $305 million in the previous quarter. Turning to E&P, E&P incurred a net loss of $233 million in the first quarter of 2017, compared to an adjusted net loss of $256 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. The changes in the after-tax components of E&P results between the first quarter of 2017 and adjusted results for the fourth quarter of 2016 were as follows. Higher realized selling prices improved results by $34 million. Lower sales volumes reduced results by $14 million. Lower cash operating costs improved results by $44 million. Lower exploration expenses improved results by $19 million. Lower Midstream tariffs improved results by $15 million. Changes in effective tax rate reduced results by $89 million. All other items net improved results by $14 million for an overall improvement in first quarter results of $23 million. The E&P effective income tax rate was a benefit of 13% for the first quarter of 2017 compared with the benefit of 43% in the fourth quarter, excluding items affecting comparability and Libyan operations. The lower effective tax rate in the first quarter is due to not recognizing a deferred tax benefit on operating losses in the U.S., Denmark and Malaysia as previously discussed when we provided 2017 guidance. For the first quarter, our E&P sales volumes were under-lifted compared with production by approximately 1.4 million barrels, which did not have a material impact on our results. Turning to Midstream. In April 2017, the Corporation and its partners successfully completed the IPO of Hess Midstream Partners and we received our net share of proceeds totaling $175 million. The IPO transaction had no impact on the Midstream segment first quarter results, but has been incorporated into our updated guidance for the remainder of the year. In addition, as we previously announced, commencing January 1, 2017, our Midstream segment now includes the Corporation's interest in a Permian Basin gas plant in West Texas and related CO2 assets, and our wholly-owned water handling assets in North Dakota. We have recast all prior period financial information to include these assets and the results as part of the Midstream segment. In our first quarter supplemental earnings information presentation located on the Hess website, we have provided quarterly consolidating income statements for 2016, recast to reflect the transfer of these assets from E&P to Midstream. In the first quarter of 2017, the Midstream segment had net income of $18 million compared to adjusted net income of $23 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, which included the recognition of a full year of deferred minimum volume deficiency payments earned at year-end 2016. EBITDA for the Midstream before the non-controlling interest amounted to $94 million in the first quarter of 2017 compared to $102 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. Turning to corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $109 million in the first quarter of 2017 compared to adjusted after-tax corporate and interest expenses of $72 million in the fourth quarter of 2016. The first quarter results reflect not recognizing a deferred tax benefit on operating losses. Turning to first quarter cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $443 million. The net decrease in cash resulting from changes in working capital was $94 million. Additions to property, plant and equipment were $390 million. Proceeds from asset sales were $100 million. Net repayments of debt were $21 million. Common and preferred stock dividends paid were $92 million. All other items resulted in an increase in cash of $8 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the first of $46 million. The sale proceeds received in the quarter resulted from the sale of approximately 8,500 non-core net acres in the West Goliath area of the Bakken, which at the time was producing approximately 240 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Turning to cash and liquidity. Excluding the Midstream, we had cash and cash equivalents of $2.7 billion, total liquidity of $7.2 billion, including available committed credit facilities, and debt of $6.54 billion at March 31, 2017. Now turning to guidance. First for E&P. In the first quarter, our E&P cash costs were $14.15 per barrel, which beat guidance on strong production performance and cost management. For the second quarter, E&P cash costs are expected to be in the range of $15.50 to $16.50 per barrel, reflecting the lower second quarter production guidance and higher planned offshore facility maintenance costs, with full year guidance of $15 to $16 per barrel remaining unchanged. DD&A per barrel in the second quarter is forecast to be $25 to $26 with full-year guidance remaining unchanged at $24 to $25 per barrel. The resulting total E&P unit operating costs are projected to be $40.50 to $42.50 per barrel in the second quarter, and $39 to $41 per barrel for the full year. Exploration expenses excluding dry holes are expected to be in the range of $65 million to $75 million in the second quarter, with full-year guidance remaining unchanged at $250 million to $270 million. The Midstream tariff is projected to be in the range of $125 million to $135 million in the second quarter, and $520 million to $550 million for the full year, which is unchanged from prior guidance. The E&P effective tax rate, excluding Libya, is expected to be a benefit in the range of 10% to 14% for the second quarter. For the full year 2017, we now expect a benefit in the range of 12% to 16%, down from original guidance of 17% to 21% due to a change in mix of operating results. Turning to Midstream, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $15 million to $25 million in the second quarter. Midstream net income attributable to Hess for the full year is projected to be $65 million to $85 million, which is down from original guidance of $70 million to $90 million. The change reflects the increased non-controlling interest from the MLP as a result of the IPO. Turning to corporate, for the second quarter of 2017, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million, and interest expenses are estimated to be in the range of $75 million to $80 million. Full year guidance remains unchanged at $140 million to $150 million for corporate expenses, and $295 million to $305 million for interest expense. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I've got two questions, if I may, and the first one is on the capital guidance or the capital for the year. It looks like your first quarter spending run rate is a little bit light relative to the annualized rate. Is that just a pending issue or are you running below what your expectations are? And I've got a follow-up in Guyana, please.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Doug, right now, we're forecasting our capital spending in Q2 through Q4 to be higher than what you're seeing in Q1 and there is a couple of reasons. I mean, as you know, we're going to be ramping up rigs in the Bakken from two rigs at the beginning of the year to six at year end. Now, we are also forecasting an increased spend mid-year as we get closer to the North Malay Basin startup in Q3. So, as you've seen, cost and capital have been performing well here in the first quarter. So we'll continue to monitor what we're doing through the year and as usual, we'll update our guidance in mid-year. But, right now, our guidance remains $2.25 billion.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks for that. My second question is on Guyana. There is a couple of thesis to it if you can bear with me for a minute. So my understanding is you've signed that joint interest agreement with Exxon covering the broader Guyana-Suriname Basin. Can you walk us through what that means in terms of your potential entry into additional blocks? And the second part of my question, however, is more to do with the timing of sanction. There still seems to be some concern over the potential for a substantial step-up in your spending as you moved into development phase. Can you walk us through what your latest thinking is in terms of flexibility to fund your share and whether you are in fact moving forward with a leased FPSO, because obviously there are different capital ramifications? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: All right. Doug, I'll start with your last question on the capital spend associated with the early production system and our flexibility to finance it. And I guess the first thing I should say is, we are working with the operator, and we are looking to sanction the early production system for Liza around midyear. So at that point everybody can see the numbers associated with that early production system. Now, we expect the Guyana development to be phased, so with the cost spread out over a number of years, and for initial phases of development to fund future phases as Greg talked about earlier. Now, as you said, at this point in our discussions with the operator, we are looking at leasing the FPSO which will reduce our upfront spend for the development. And then again going to our flexibility, these increase in expenditures in Guyana coincide with the startup of North Malay Basin and Stampede, which become cash generator starting in 2018. And the last thing I would like to remind everybody, we are sitting with $2.7 billion of cash right now in our balance sheet and we have a high leveraged oil prices. So, as you know, every $1 increase in oil price adds approximately $70 million of after-tax cash flow to our portfolio. So we are poised to benefit from any increase in oil prices. So, our flexibility is there to fund the Guyana development. And then, Greg?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. So, Doug, on your first question, first of all, there's been nothing signed yet. However, Exxon and Hess are, given our understanding of obviously the greater Guyana basin, I'll call it, we are looking for other potential opportunities to expand our footprint. I really can't say much beyond that.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I appreciate the answers guys. John, if I may, just a quick follow-up. On the flexibility issue, $700 million is the capital allocated to Stampede and North Malay this year. Is that right?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So, it was $700 million last year, and I think, hang on, for this year for Stampede and for North Malay Basin, we had $275 million budgeted for North Malay Basin and $425 million. So, yes, you are correct. That $700 million of capital associated with those two assets. So, in 2018, the capital will go down for those assets combined, plus cash flow will go up.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Yes. Good morning. First question on the Bakken, and congrats on that productivity improvement and beating the forecasts. Maybe an update on the decline rate of the base, because when I look at how many wells you're going to complete and the improvements in the productivity, it seems as if the production guidance you're giving is a little bit low, maybe it's just timing. But interested in the decline rate on the base production at this point.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Ed, I think, as you know, that's a very complicated question because you have a whole number of wells that are in the base at a very low decline rate. You have wells that have recently come on that are in either their first or their second year of decline. So, I think any  as you kind of look at production in the Bakken this year, it's purely a function of timing of when wells are coming on. As we mentioned in our opening remarks, that positive momentum really picks up in the second half of the year. As we put that third and fourth rig to work and start completing wells, that momentum really picks up. So that's really what's driving it. I always hate to answer the decline question because it's extremely complicated.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: Second question is then on costs. I mean, you did come in below guidance and obviously, with maintenance, it will go up a bit in the second quarter. But presumably, when that maintenance is completed later in the year, then some of the cost benefits you've seen may come back down. Is it sort of an inflation driver that means you haven't lowered your full year cash cost guidance at this point?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: No. I'd say it's more  it's basically more of our practice right now. It's early in the year. We've had good cost performance and good production performance, so it was both of those combined on how we came in under our cash cost guidance. In the second quarter, as you said, we will have the higher maintenance cost and a higher cash cost. So, as you move to the third quarter, yes, the cost reduction efforts that we have been  that had been ongoing, and we did some further cost reductions at the end of 2016, will come back into the portfolio. The other thing that will happen is that North Malay Basin starts up in the third quarter. And that from our portfolio will be very accretive to cash cost because that is a low cash cost asset. So as North Malay Basin continues to ramp up in the third and then into the fourth quarter, that will help our cash costs as well. So, what we'll see is by our next earnings call, right, we'll have gotten through the maintenance season, we'll see where North Malay Basin is from the startup standpoint on timing and then we'll update our cash cost guidance at that point.
Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse: I look forward to that update. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Good morning, all. Just the specifics, firstly, on your volume guidance. Can you just walk us through how we get to the fourth quarter guidance which is specified to be 330,000 to 340,000 barrels a day oil equivalent, but then within oil, we're interested in the 182,000 to 186,000 barrels a day. It seems low relative to where you are today. Could you just bridge us through why it's not higher? This is for 2017 obviously. Thanks.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, Paul, I think as we said in our opening remarks, we did update guidance for the second quarter, so we're up about 5,000 barrels a day versus our previous guidance. And we will, of course, mid-year give a revised update, or a new update, I should say, on what the guidance is for the year and for the remaining quarters. The reason we haven't updated our guidance yet is because, again, North Malay Basin, we just want to have some greater certainty on exactly when that's going to start up. So once that's clear, which will be in the second quarter, the exact date of startup, then we'll be in a better position to update guidance for the rest of the year.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: You hit the kind of area that we were thinking was the main reason. Is there anything else other than North Malay Basin that would be contributing or detracting from the outlook?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. So that's the major uncertainty. Great. And then if I could just ask a strategy question. With Guyana being what it is, is there any future for any other wildcat exploration? Is there any need for any other wildcat exploration for you guys in the future or can we say that that's the end of it really globally and Guyana plus Bakken is everything you need? Thanks.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah, no. Paul, we're going to be very selective and focused and capital disciplined in our efforts in exploration. As you know, our strategy has been and continues to be early access to material resource opportunities with running room focused on oil, Atlantic Margin, at low cost. And obviously that strategy is working in Guyana and Suriname Basin. A great example where Liza, Payara, the greater Liza area, already world-class in their own right, will generate very attractive returns down to $40 Brent flat, competitive with any unconventional play, and in our opinion even better. So, it's all about focusing on returns and creating long-term value that I think is going to distinguish our company for many years to come. Beyond that, we still see in the Guyana-Suriname Basin further un-risked multi-billion potential and that's where the majority of our efforts is going to be. Yes, there will be some wildcatting, but it will be within our framework of capital discipline and keeping a tight rein on our spending. So, we will spend some money outside of that, but the majority of our exploration efforts will be focused on Guyana.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you, John.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Bob Morris of Citi. Your line is open.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Good morning. On the Bakken production that exceeded your guidance, you mentioned that you had some of the highest IP rate wells to-date. Is that performance  is there something beyond just the uplift from the 50-stage completions that's driving that outperformance and the strong well results there?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. I think it's really, the uplift is a 50-stage completions plus we're drilling in the Keene area, which is truly the core of the core of the Bakken. You noticed that our performance was up in fourth quarter of last year. That strong performance continued into the first quarter of this year and it's really a function of where we're drilling on the 50-stage fracs. Those were the two factors for both quarters.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And is the Keene area where you plan to drill and bring on most of the 80 wells and 75 wells for the year?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I mean a good majority of the wells will be in that section. As we increase the rig count, we'll stay in the core, but we'll be moving out of the core of the core which is really the Keene. So, our whole drilling program will be in the core this year, but not all of it will be in the keen area, simply because of some of the operational challenges of operating that many rigs in the same place, a lot of SIMOPS issues.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: And finally there, where do you stand on maybe accelerating the rig adds (38:09)? You'd commented last quarter that depending on cash on the oil price that you could accelerate a fifth rig or sixth rig in Q3 versus Q4. Is that still dependent on what cash flow and oil prices are to do that?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. I think our current plan is still to add that rig in the fourth  add those two rigs in the fourth quarter.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. And then just separately my follow-on is, in Guyana and from your comments that you've made so far with the 120,000 barrel per day FPSO, it appears that you will develop Payara and Snoek as part of that FPSO development with Liza, would that be the correct assumption?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, I think the assumption would be that there will be a greater Liza area development. So, as you get into full-field development, consider Liza and Payara as kind of one, Snoek yet to be determined, but it will most likely be tied into that greater Liza Payara development plan. I did want to correct one of my remarks in the opening. I said the Phase I is 120,000 barrel equivalents, it's actually 120,000 barrels of oil per day facility. So I wanted to correct that on the call.
Robert Scott Morris - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you. Nice quarter.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Following up on a couple of the earlier questions with regards to the Bakken. You talked about in the press release some weather delays. Could you quantify what that was and then add a little bit more color on the  and then how, if those weather delays have gone away, that still leaves flat production sequentially or flattish production sequentially in the second quarter versus further step up? And then, I think, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that you are planning an update in July on what these completions and the effectiveness they are having. But, can you give us your hypothesis for the 50-stage completions and what that does for EURs and recovery rates?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, I think, let me answer your last question first. So the 50-stage completions, we quote now, IP90 rates versus IP30, because we just think that's a better reflection of  that takes in the operational impacts. So, with the IP90s now, we're showing, in this quarter it was close to 800, I think, it was 793. And then the EURs  the corresponding EURs are in the range of about 1 million barrels. So that's on the 50-stage fracs. As I mentioned, in the first quarter, we're doing a lot of experimentation with higher stage counts. So we've got a number of 60-stage completions in the ground now. So we're actually considering did we just move to 60-stage. We want to get a few more on the ground to make sure they are reliable, make sure we understand the production performance of those. So that will be one thing that we'll update in July as we said. We've also got a few wells with higher proppant loadings. We plan to do more of those in the second quarter. So, again, all of this is a bit influx, which is why I said we will update all of that EURs, IPs, well costs, we'll update everything in our second quarter mid-year update as always.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks. And then  go ahead, I'm sorry.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: In regard to your first quarter  yeah, sorry, your question on the first quarter, the weather really hit us in January. So we fully recovered from that in February and March, and as we mentioned, the current forecast for Bakken in the second quarter is about 100,000 barrels a day. So up a bit from the first quarter, and then you really begin to see, as we mentioned, the production momentum from the Bakken really kicking in in the third quarter and fourth quarter as you get the impact of that third and fourth rig being able to start completing wells in the last half of the year. So that's why the first and second is relatively flat, because you're drilling, you're not completing those wells from the third and the fourth rig.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. And my follow-up is with regards to actually the completion side. As you do plan to ramp up, then especially if you are increasing the stage counts of some of those completions, can you talk about what you are seeing in the Bakken in terms of both the cost on a pressure pumping side, and then also the availability from a people perspective and a sand and sand logistics perspective?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think so. Certainly, on the  again, we'll update this mid-year, but the results of the higher stage counts, and although a few  only a few wells, the higher proppant loadings are encouraging. So that's good. Now in regards to your second question, we are seeing some upward pressure on costs in the Bakken in the completion space as you said. We've taken a lot of steps to really minimize that. Several things that we've done. We're locking in the rig rates. We're pre-purchasing sand and we're putting in place longer-term contracts both on the rigs and also on the pumping side. So these steps coupled with our Lean manufacturing approach where we still make operational improvements give us confidence that we'll be able to deliver our 2017 program with minimal inflation. There may be some, but we're really trying to minimize that as much as possible.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Phillip Jungwirth of BMO. Your line is open.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey, good morning. I believe there is a tender for a second rig in Guyana and I was wondering if you could discuss any plans, whether development or exploration and timing for the second rig?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Can't really discuss timing yet, because it's dependent obviously upon sanction, Phase I, which we hope to do in midyear. The current thinking is that we will probably have one rig dedicated to do exploration/appraisal and then as you move into development on Phase I, then you'll probably have a rig dedicated for drilling the development wells of Phase I. So that's the current thinking but again, we haven't made final decisions on when that second rig comes into the play, that's up to the operator.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then, when you do sanction Liza Phase I this summer, would you anticipate that incremental disclosure would be limited to Phase I or could you also provide some color on Phase II or a potential multi-phased development?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: I think you should assume for now that it will be primarily just a Phase I development disclosure because, again, this is going to be a large development, multi-FPSOs that are phased over a number of years. So that's going to require a lot of planning and thinking and all that kind of stuff and, as to how you sequence all that. So I think you could expect later color on that. So the first disclosure will be primarily on Phase I.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Okay. And then you have the Penn State well that's expected to be brought online in the third quarter, and I was just wondering if you could talk to the opportunity set in the Gulf of Mexico for a similar subsea tieback wells, such as this, which I believe is expected to IP around 10,000 barrels a day?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, that's a good question. I think we see a number of similar opportunities in the Gulf of Mexico. And I think as we've said in the past, when we would add a rig in the Gulf of Mexico is really going to be a function of the oil price, as you see more strength in the oil price. We will bring that into consideration because I think as we've said before, you're going to want more strength in the offshore before you do that because typically you'll commit to a very expensive rig, although a lot cheaper now, but you'll commit to a rig and so you want to have confidence that you have a pretty good oil price outlook before you commit to that very high cost rig line and associated equipment, different than the onshore.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. Thanks.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Your line is open.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Greg, will you be able to share any estimate that for the early production system, how much reserve that you guys expect that? Is it, say, 500 million or 600 million barrel that you will be able to extract from that and what the development cost may look like?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Paul, I think, we will share as much as we can when we sanction Phase I, so hopefully mid-year.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And you guys is not at a position that you will be able to share about the new discovery in Guyana what may be the estimated size?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. Because remember, we just finished that well in March. So there is still a lot of evaluation going on with the Snoek prospect.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Maybe this is for John Rielly. John, when looking at the international unit OpEx cost, from the fourth to the first quarter, you had really dropped a lot and your production actually internationally have gone down. So I am a little bit, unclear to me why the unit costs have come down that much? Is it just purely as simple as that because you're under lift so that the  but your production is higher, so that means that the causes only reflect what is being lifted. Is there any other explanation that you can give us?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So the cost reduction doesn't have anything to do with the under lift. In the fourth quarter when you're looking at those numbers, if you remember, we had some non-recurring special items and one of them was an inventory write-off, so on the international side we had approximately a $30 million pre-tax inventory write-off that's in those operating cost in the fourth quarter. So you had that special. Then even with that you can see, even across our U.S. and international though we have reduced cost throughout the portfolio, and are continuing to focus on that. Obviously, good production performance helps, but we did go through a lot of cost reduction efforts through 2016 and it bore some fruit as you can see in the first quarter.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: So, I mean, just for the inventory write-down, I mean, your fourth quarter will drop to, say, call it $15.50, but you're still about $2 lower in the first quarter. So is that is all just by normal course of your cost reduction (49:48)?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes, correct, it's normal cost execution. Correct. It's just normal execution, good performance across the portfolio.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And just curious there, I mean, in Permian, since that you really have no production there, why don't we just sell Permian into your MLP or sell to some other people, why keep the Permian gas plant under Hess today?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Okay. So, just to start with the Permian, so in the first quarter, it's still producing 8,000 barrels a day, so it's not an absolute material amount, but it's producing 8,000 barrels a day, and it's generating cash flow for the company. Now, what we have done is from an MLP standpoint, it's the gas plant and the CO2 where you don't take the E&P type commodity price exposure to put it in the Midstream. So we are, as I talked about moving the Permian gas plant and the CO2 asset into our Midstream segment, and that happened on January 1, and we did recast the prior 2016. So we have taken steps. Now, we still have that 100%. It has not been dropped into our joint venture with GIP, but it's something that's under discussion.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Final one for Greg. At six rigs, if we assume that you exit from there and stay there, what kind of Bakken target production growth rate from 2018 to 2020 we could expect? And also that, given the wide (51:26) commodity prices, and let's assume somewhere between $60 million to $70 million (51:31), what is the optimal Bakken petrol production rate that you guys is currently foreseeing?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Paul, so we'll give guidance obviously as we approach 2018. The reason I don't want to be more specific than that is because, remember, our completion design is in flux, right? So what the future completion design will be, will be a large factor in saying what the growth rate at the Bakken will be with six rigs. What we do know right now is it takes about 3.25 rigs to hold the Bakken flat at this roughly 100,000 barrels a day, let's call it. So, clearly, any rigs above that is going to be growth, but depending on the completion design, the rate of that growth might vary. So we'll give guidance as we kind of complete these completion trials and determine what the completion design is on a go forward basis.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Guy Baber of Simmons & Company. Your line is open.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thanks very much for taking the call. I wanted to follow up on the Bakken and the pilot programs you have planned this year. But to what extent are better well results from your pilot programs, the 60-stage fracs, the higher proppant loadings factored into your 4Q 2017 Bakken production guidance? And would there be any upside to that guidance if you do begin to see an improvement in your IP rates?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: So, none of that's built into the guidance yet. And that's why we hope to update things in the middle of the year. Given the early results of the 60-stage wells, and even though few, but we'll do more in the second quarter of the higher proppant loading, the bias will be for that guidance to go up.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International: Got it. That's helpful. And then, the oil cut in the Bakken looks like it also increased pretty considerably to its highest level since 2015 I believe. But can you talk about what the driver may have been of that higher oil cut this quarter? And is that higher level sustainable?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, it's not. So the  it's purely operational. If you look at the well GORs, it's about 15.50% (53:57). That has stayed constant for years and will stay constant in the future. It was purely operational, related to the weather in the first quarter where we had some compressor downtime, so you threw a lot more gas to flare than what you normally would have in normal operation. So that's what's causing that aberration in higher oil versus gas this quarter.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International: Okay. Great. And then last one from me. I just wanted to circle back to the 1Q just overall production outperformance. But obviously you beat expectations. The Bakken was very strong. Where else did you outperform relative to the internal plan? The Gulf of Mexico looked good relative to our estimates, was that a driver? And on that note, can you give us an update on how Tubular Bells is performing and what expectations are for that asset this year?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: So, you're right. The Bakken was up about 7,000 barrels a day versus what we thought. The other 5,000 was really kind of spread out across the portfolio. But you're right, it was primarily the Gulf of Mexico that came in performing better. If you look at TBells, as we said in our January call, in Q1 we increased water injection and began slowly bringing on our fifth producer and also that well that we worked over right at the end of last year. So we're bringing those wells on very slowly and as a result, production continues to increase on Tubular Bells. So while those trends are encouraging, what I said last quarter is I really want to see some constant stable production on Tubular Bells before I forecast what it's going to do. So I'd like to see a few more months of stable production and injection data before we issue kind of a new full year forecast for TBells. But quarter-on-quarter, TBells is up about 4,000 barrels a day.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International: And so what did that bring with the 1Q 2017 average to for TBells if you can share it?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: The first quarter was  average for TBells is about 13,000. Currently, we are kind of in the range of 18,000 to 19,000 barrels a day on TBells. So it continues to ramp. We're taking it very slowly, very cautiously and also watching hopefully the impact of water injection as well.
Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hi. Good morning, guys.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Hi, Evan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Maybe first a strategic question. I mean, as Liza moves into development and Guyana through the exploration phase, how do you think about managing your position size relative to the total portfolio, meaning how, if or when do you consider monetizing or selling down any interest to pull forward the significant value there?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. We see exceptional value and returns in our position in Guyana and a lot more upside in some of the future drilling that we have there, so we're very happy with our position. If it makes sense to pull value forward, we might look at some others levers in the portfolio, because one of the best returns I think in the industry is going to be the investment we make in Guyana, the fact that it has very attractive economics with what we already have captured in the greater Liza area down to $40 Brent flat and a lot of upside potential. So there is a lot more running room there and it's going to be very low cost on the cost curve, so we think it's going to have exceptional return. So, we want light to shine on that and wouldn't want to be premature in terms of anything else.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: That's fair. John, maybe a follow-up to the 2017 hedges renew. I know that's been an variable program over time. Is there any change in your commodity outlook or hedging strategy given the significant investment potential within the portfolio and any comments there?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Obviously with the uncertainty about oil prices, we do think we're entering a new chapter of oil prices where they will start going up to attract more investment in the business, but we certainly think we're still in a volatile period and with the increase in activity levels that we have, we just thought having some price insurance for this year would be a wise idea.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. And maybe lastly if I could. Just following up on the Bakken beat, I mean, it looks like the IP90 well performance was in line Q-over-Q from the ops report that was just filed. And so is the variance of the beat largely as you look at a completion timing in December and 1Q, I mean, given that you beat the Bakken with just eight wells TIL'd (59:01) in the quarter?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think it was a combination of things. It was a combination of a little bit better well performance than planned in our 50-stage fracs. The second factor was we recovered from the weather much quicker, much more rapidly than we anticipated. So those were the few big things, Evan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. So your plan is below the current performance and from at least IP90 basis that we see in the Bakken from 4Q and now into 1Q, is that right?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: It was in the first Q, so the wells did a little better than we thought in the first Q. Yeah. We only got eight wells on remember, so.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Your line is open.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. First question on timing. When do you expect the third and sixth rigs coming to the Bakken to show a positive production effect in 2018?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, it will be late in the fourth quarter. So you really won't see any impact of those rigs in 2017, it will be primarily in 2018.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Right. And that was what I was wondering. When do you think that will start to show up in 2018?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Second quarter.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, great. Touching on John's remarks earlier about future wildcatting. I was just wondering, do you consider drilling offshore Nova Scotia in 2018 wildcatting to some extent?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yes. That would be one of the wells that we would have a commitment on, but again, the majority of our exploration program is going to be very focused and the majority of the dollars are going to go to Guyana.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, fair enough. And my last question. Utica Shale, Appalachian NGL prices have improved significantly. Industry peers are attempting an enhanced rates of return by drilling ultra long laterals, and this is also showing up in the Southwest PA Marcellus. I was just wondering if you could update your thinking on the Utica? Are you watching this long lateral trend? What needs to happen in the commodities to get rig into the Utica again?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. I think you're right. I think we are watching long laterals. Obviously, we are watching the margins change and the gas prices go higher. There are no plans for us right now to bring any rigs back into the Utica in 2017. But obviously, as those trends improve, we'll begin to evaluate do we bring a rig back in the Utica.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question is from David Heikkinen of Heikkinen Energy. Your line is open.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Good morning, guys, and thanks for taking the question. You mentioned that you're kind of drilling in the core of the core Keene area now and I was just kind of curious, out of the 2,850 future locations, how many locations you'd assign to this area if you could?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, I think maybe a better way to answer it without being specific. Keene, we have several hundred wells that can deliver the kind of performance that we're seeing in the last couple of quarters.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: So, you've got well more than the 2017 drilling program that carries into 2018, and maybe even a little longer (1:02:21).
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: We do, and the only  again, the only reason you wouldn't concentrate all of your drilling there is simply because of SIMOPS issues. You just can't have that many rigs concentrated in one place like that.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: That's really helpful. Okay. That was it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Your line..
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question, guys. Just two quick ones about the Liza FID. Once you reach FID, you're presumably going to be booking some reserves. Do you have a sense of what you'll be able to book upfront in 2017?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, when we take sanction, we'll obviously give you a lot more color on that.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. So still figuring that out. And then the timing of reaching FID, is there any relevance in the fact that there're still a border dispute involving Venezuela? Is that going to be influencing the timing at all, the political landscape?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: No.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from John Herrlin of Societe Generale. Your line is open.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale: Yeah. One for Greg regarding Guyana. You talked about good returns with $40 flat pricing. Obviously, rig costs are cheaper, but how are cycle times changing for the deepwater as well as other cost like completion for the deepwater, because the Street's very fixated these days on (1:04:06) shale earnings, but what's happening in the deepwater that you could pinpoint?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, I think obviously specific to Guyana, it's unique in itself because it's shallower wells, these are only about 13,000 feet to 15,000 feet below the mud line, so it's a bit of a unique province in itself. I think the broader question around industry and deepwater, obviously the costs are coming down still, particularly in the shipyard area, where shipyards now are half full and projected to be even less than that. Next year, still some softness in the offshore rig market. So, the price trends are awesome in the deepwater and that bodes well obviously for our Guyana development, both of those dimensions. Also, there is a broad effort in the industry and very significant effort in Hess around standardization. So I think all of that is going to significantly improve the cycle time. You have shipyards focused on much of your projects. You will have industry focused on standardization. So all of that is really collapsing the cycle time of when you can bring these things on, which is good.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale: Great. Thanks. That's it from me.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson - Vice President Investor Relations John Hess - Chief Executive Officer Gregory Hill - Chief Operating Officer John Rielly - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Doug Leggate - Bank of America Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse Guy Baber - Simmons Doug Terreson - Evercore ISI Paul Cheng - Barclays Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Jeffrey Campbell - Touhy Brothers
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2016 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Nicole and I'll I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. Ill review highlights from 2016 and plans for 2017. Greg Hill, will then discuss our operating performance and John Rielly, will review our financial results. First, I would like to share our view of the oil market, particularly in light of the recent OPEC agreement. We are entering a new chapter in oil prices. After two years of a lower for longer price environment global investment in exploration and production has been severely curtailed, nearly in half from approximately $700 billion in 2014 to $380 billion last year. While 2017 should see modestly higher investment than 2016, we believe this level of spend will not be enough to bring forward the necessary production over the next several years to meet future oil demand growth and offset production declines globally. We see continued strong demand coupled with the anticipated reduced supply resulting from OPEC and non-OPEC supply cuts and natural field declines, more than offsetting increased U.S. shale oil production, leading to higher oil prices this year and into 2018. Our company is extremely well positioned for this improving price environment. We have a decade or more of visible reserve and production growth and our continued focus on operational excellence and financial discipline is driving improving returns and lower costs across our portfolio. Our visible growth trajectory is underpinned by four key areas; the Bakken, where we have a leadership position and well go from two rigs to six rigs over the course of 2017. Two offshore developments North Malay Basin and Stampede, which are expected to contribute significant production and cash flow when they come online in 2017 and 2018 respectively. And the world-class Liza and recent Payara oil discoveries in Guyana. With sanction of the first phase of the Liza development expected mid-year and continuing appraisal and development activities underway. In 2017, we will continue to be disciplined in investing in our growth projects, while maintaining a strong balance sheet and liquidity position. On January 12, we announced 2017 capital and exploratory budget of $2.25 billion. About 70% of our 2017 budget is allocated to our four major growth areas. With activity increasing in 2017, our focus will be on execution. In terms of safety, cost control, project delivery and working with our partners to advance our discoveries in Guyana to development. Now turning to our 2016 financial results, our adjusted net loss was $1.5 billion and cash flow from operations before changes in working capital was $840 million. Compared to 2015, our financial results were negatively impacted by lower crude oil and natural gas sales volumes and selling prices, which more than offset the positive impacts of lower operating costs and DD&A expense. From an operational standpoint, while we reduced activity across our producing portfolio in 2016, our team has much to be proud of. Driving operational efficiencies across our portfolio, delivering reductions in capital expenditures and cash operating cost, progressing our offshore developments and achieving major success with our focused exploration program. In 2016, full year net production was 321,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. In 2017, our production is forecast to average between 300,000 and 310,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. It is important to note that first quarter 2017 production is expected to increase in excess of 10% from first quarter levels. Driven by the startup of North Malay Basin in the third quarter, increased activity levels in the Bakken and the restart of drilling at the Valhall Field in Norway, all of which builds momentum and positions the company for strong production growth in 2018. At year-end 2016, our proved reserves stood at 1.1billion barrels of oil equivalent and our reserve life was 9.2 years. We were placed 119% of production in 2016 and an SG&A cost of approximately $13 per barrel of oil equivalent. Now turning to the Bakken, Hess has one of the highest quality acreage positions in the play, with more future drilling locations in the quarter than any other operator and an advantage infrastructure position. Through our application of lean manufacturing techniques, our Bakken team has achieved among the lowest drilling and completion costs and most productive wells in the basin, offering very attractive financial returns. Bakken production in 2016 averaged 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting our reduced drilling program. Bakken production in 2017 is forecast to average between 95,000 and 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. With the increased activity in the Bakken and the improvement in the MLP market, Hess infrastructure partners is preparing for an initial public offering LP common units in 2017. Turning to our offshore developments, Full-field development of North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand is on track to achieve first production in the third quarter of 2017. The Stampede development in the deep water Gulf of Mexico is progressing and remains on schedule for first oil in 2018. Together theyre expected to add a combined 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in transition from being sizable cash users to significant long-term cash generators for the company. With regard to Guyana, we are excited about the significant resource potential on the 6.6 million acres Stabroek Block. The Liza-3 well result last October, confirmed Liza as one of the industrys largest oil discoveries in the last 10 years, with estimated recoverable resources of more than 1 billion barrels of oil equivalent. We expect to be in a position to sanction the first phase of development in 2017, with production expected in 2020. This month Payara-1 well confirmed a second significant oil discovery with the same high quality reservoir. Payara and an additional deeper reservoir identified directly below the Liza field are accretive to the estimated recoverable resources already confirmed at Liza and further demonstrate the prospectivity of the Stabroek Block. The Stabroek Block offers very attractive economics and will be very material for our company. The Liza and Payara oil discoveries underpin a large discovered resource on the block that has significant upside in terms of appraisal and future exploration potential. The reservoir quality is world-class with high-porosity and permeability. The wells can be drilled in a third to a half of the time and cost of those in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and we are entering the development phase at what will likely be the bottom of the offshore cost cycle. In summary, we are well positioned to deliver visible and sustainable growth and value to our shareholders. We are increasing activity in the Bakken, which will bring growth back into our onshore portfolio and support a potential IPO of the midstream business to unlock additional value. Offshore, our developments in the Gulf of Thailand and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico are poised to add significant volumes and become long-term cash generators. And in Guyana, the Liza field is one of the industrys largest oil discoveries of the last ten years, which we and our partners will continue to appraise and progress toward development. Overall, we see 2017 as the start of an exciting new chapter of value driven growth and increasing production momentum for our company and our shareholders. Ill now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory Hill: Thanks John. Id like to provide an operational update for 2016 and review our plans for 2017. Clearly the past year was challenging in terms of oil prices and we responded by reducing our capital spend and operating cost. Last year was also marked by strong execution on many fronts including the continued advancement of our North Malay Basin and Stampede developments and exceptional exploration results in Guyana, firmly establishing a new world-class oil province. With regard to production, in 2016 we averaged 321,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. In the fourth quarter, production averaged 307,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, which was above our guidance of 305,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. During the quarter, production from Libya resumed and on a net basis averaged 4,000 barrels per day in the fourth quarter. Production from Libya remains highly uncertain therefore well continue to exclude it from our guidance. As John mentioned, in 2016 we achieved a reserve replacement ratio of 119% and SG&A cost of $13 per barrel of oil equivalent. Net proved reserve additions totaled 143 million barrels of oil equivalent. About half of the additions were in the Bakken, reflecting higher EURs associated with their shift to 50-stage completions and lower cost. Other areas with additions include North Malay Basin, South Arne and the Utica. In 2017, we forecast companywide production to average between 300,000 to 310,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our production has been decreasing over the last several quarters as a result of reducing our capital expenditures to manage in the lower price environment. Our production will continue to decline in the first half of 2017 as a result of this reduced spend and a high level of planned maintenance at four of our offshore assets in the second quarter. We forecast production to average between 290,000 and 300,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter and between 270,000 and 280,000 barrels per day in the second quarter. Production is in forecast to increase in the third quarter with the start-up of North Malay Basin to between 305,000 and 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Production will continue to grow in the fourth quarter as Bakken production increases as a result of the rig ramp up and the first new Valhall well comes online. Fourth quarter production is forecast to average between 330,000 to 340,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, resulting in production growth in excess of 10% or some 40,000 barrels per day from the first to the fourth quarter of 2017. Turning to operations, the Bakken continues to deliver outstanding results. We continue to improve our drilling and completion performance with fourth quarter D&C cost dropping 10% versus the year ago quarter to $4.6 million. We now have enough production history to conclude that we will get an average 13% uplift in EUR per well from our 50-stage completions compared to our previous estimate of 7%.As a result, weve increased our estimate of ultimate recovery from our Bakken acreage to 1.7 billion barrels of oil equivalent from our previous estimate of 1.6 billion barrels of oil equivalent. In the fourth quarter, initial production rates for wells that reached IP30 during the quarter averaged a record 1,091barrels of oil per day versus 843 barrels of oil per day in the third quarter. This result reflects all wells during the quarter being 50-stage completions and in the core of the core of our acreage. Going forward we will shift our guidance to IP90 rates which we feel are more reflective of a wells actual performance. In 2017, we forecast IP90s to average between 700 and 750 barrels of oil per day compared to 620 barrels of oil per day in 2016. Net production from the Bakken averaged 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016, which was at the top end of our beginning of the year guidance range of 95,000 to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the fourth quarter, net production averaged 95,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was below guidance due to extreme winter weather which resulted in road closures and an unusually high number of shutting facilities and wells. The net negative impact of weather in the fourth quarter on the Bakken was about 7000 barrels of oil per day. With the recovery in oil prices to the mid-50s, we plan to increase our rig count from the two rigs we currently have operating to six rigs by the end of this year and expect our rig count to average approximately 3.5 for the year. In 2017, we plan to drill approximately 80 wells and bring approximately 75 new wells online over the year. We will continue to focus our drilling in the core of our Bakken acreage where our sliding sleeve completions, site spacing and higher stage counts deliver optimal value. Of the 75 wells we plan to bring on line this year, approximately 50 wells will be our new standard 50-stage design and we expect the D&C cost for these wells to be in line with the 4.8 million that we averaged in 2016. We will also be conducting two new completion design pilots this year in our drive to continually optimize the value of our industry-leading acreage position. The first pilot will be increasing the stage count to 60 from the standard 50-stage design. We plan to test this in 10 wells to ensure the reliability of the system and our forecasting well costs in these 10 wells to range between $5 million and $5.5 million. The second pilot will involve higher proppant loading. The 60-stage sliding sleeve may be approaching the technical limit and mechanical design. Therefore, we now want to test the technical limit on proppant loading in a sliding sleeve well. We plan to increase proppant loading in 15, 50-stage wells and forecast these wells to cost in the range of $5.5 million to $6 million dollars. For both of these trials, reservoir stimulation indicates a potential IP180 uplift of 10% to 15%. If successful, our future development plans and production outlook for the Bakken will be modified accordingly in 2018. The extreme winter weather conditions have persisted throughout the month of January and as a result we forecast production in the first quarter of 2017 to average between 90,000 and 95,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the full-year of 2017, we forecast our Bakken production to average between 95,000 and 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. With the building rig count, we expect our Bakken production to average between 105,000 and 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day during the fourth quarter of 2017, which would represent a growth rate of approximately 15% from the first quarter to the fourth quarter of 2017. Moving to the Utica, in 2016 net production averaged 29,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 24,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2015. In the fourth quarter, net production averaged 26,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. As a result of continued wide basin differentials, we intend to maintain our drilling pause in the Utica. In 2017, production is forecast to average between 15,000 and 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. However, given the high quality of our Utica acreage position, our high average net revenue interest of 95%, as well as the first quarter well performance that we delivered in 2016, the asset will be an excellent resource to develop as natural gas and NGL price realizations improve. Now turning to the offshore, in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 61,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in both the fourth quarter and for the full-year 2016. We forecast Gulf of Mexico production to average approximately 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2017 and to reach approximately 75,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter of 2017. This production growth reflects the addition of a new well and the restart of an existing well following a work over at the Tubular Bells field in the first quarter. A restart of a well at the Conger field also following a work over and a planned new well at the Penn State field, which will come online in the second half of this year. In Norway, at the Aker BP-operated Valhall field in which Hess has 64% interest, production averaged 28,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016 and 32,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter. The transition from BP to Aker BP-operatorship was completed in the fourth quarter and we're looking forward to working together with the new operator to maximize the value of the Valhall asset. Drilling from existing platform rig is planned to resume in March. In 2017, net production is expected to average between 25,000 and 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. At the South Arne field in Denmark, which Hess operates with a 61.5% interest, net production averaged 13,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016 and 14,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter. The field is expected to average approximately 12,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2017. In the fourth quarter, the Danish government awarded an extension of the South Arne license through to 2047. This secures the long-term future of this asset and provides for future phases of development. In Equatorial Guinea where Hess is operator with an 85% interest, net production averaged 32,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016, reflecting the drilling pause in place since mid-2015. Net production in 2017 is forecast to average approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Interpretation of the latest 40 survey has been completed and has identified multiple new targets. However, the production outlook for 2017 reflects continuation of the drilling pause over the year. At the Malaysia-Thailand joint development area in the Gulf of Thailand in which Hess has a 50% interest, net production averaged 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter. Net production averaged 34,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016 and is expected to average approximately 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2017. No further drilling activity will be required to meet contracted volumes for the year as a result of the booster compression project that was completed in the third quarter of 2016. Moving now to our development projects, at North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand in which Hess holds a 50% interest and is operator, three remote wellhead platforms were hooked up and commissioned in the fourth quarter. The drilling campaign is on schedule with two wells being drilled in the fourth quarter bringing the total number of wells drilled so far to 13. All wells have either met or exceeded pre-drill expectations. The last heavy lift for the central processing platform topsides is completed and sail away is scheduled for the first quarter of 2017. Net production through the early production system averaged approximately 26 million cubic feet per day over 2016. Once full field development is completed in the third quarter of this year, we forecast net production to increase to approximately 165 million cubic feet per day and to remain at this rate for many years, becoming a significant cash generator for the company. At the Stampede development in the Gulf of Mexico in which Hess as a 25% working interest and is operator, we successfully completed installation of subsea equipment at both drill centers and completed all topsides heavy lift on to the hall. Looking forward, in 2017 we will install the TLP and topsides on location, complete the subsea installation, and continue our drilling program. First oil remains on target for 2018. Turning to Guyana, exploration and appraisal drilling activity continues at the 6.6 million acres Stabroek block in which Hess holds a 30% interest. As announced earlier this month, the Payara-1 well located approximately 10 miles northwest of Liza discovery, was drilled by the operator Esso Exploration and Production Guyana Limited to a depth of 18,080 feet and encountered more than 95 feet of high quality multi-Darcy permeability, oil bearing sandstone reservoirs. Two sidetracks were subsequently drilled to take core and further evaluate the reservoir. Both sidetracks found high quality oil bearing sands. The original well and the two sidetracks were drilled, logged and cored in 56 days. A production test is now planned to further evaluate the reservoir. Appraisal drilling is planned later this year to help define the full resource potential of the Payara discovery. After completing the well test on Payara-1, the rig will move to drill the Snoek exploration prospect, which is located approximately six miles south of the Liza-1 discovery well. The next well in queue is Liza-4 appraisal well, which will pass the eastern part at Liza field. This will be followed by a Payara-2 appraisal well. Earlier this month, we announced that the Liza-3 appraisal well, which reached target depth in the fourth quarter, identified an additional high quality deeper reservoir directly below the Liza field, which is estimated to contain recoverable reserves between 100 million and 150 million barrels of oil equivalent. This additional resource is expected to be developed in conjunction with the Liza discovery. The operator plans to continue to appraise the Liza and Payara discoveries are in parallel continuing to evaluate the wider resource potential of the Stabroek block for additional exploration drilling and seismic analysis over 2017. In closing, in 2016 we once again demonstrated strong execution performance and took proactive steps to manage through the weak oil price environment by significantly reducing our capital span and operating costs while continuing to progress our future growth options. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the fourth quarter of 2016 to the third quarter of 2016. The corporation incurred a net loss of $4.892 million in the fourth quarter of 2016 compared with a net loss of $339 million in the third quarter. The largest driver for the loss in the fourth quarter was a non-cash accounting charge of $3.75 billion on net deferred tax assets in the U.S. Denmark and Malaysia. This non-cash adjustment is required under accounting standards following a three-year cumulative loss. The deferred tax charge has no cash flow or economic impact. The company's underlying tax position remains unchanged. Beginning in 2017, our financial results will not recognize a deferred tax benefit or expense in these three countries until the deferred tax assets are reestablished. Our guidance for 2017 includes the anticipated impact of this charge, which will result in a lower effective tax rate going forward. Fourth quarter results also included an after-tax charge of $693 million to fully impair the carrying value of our natural gas project offshore the North West Shelf of Australia as a result of our decision to defer further development, so we can allocate capital to other projects that generate higher returns including the Bakken and Guyana. Other after-tax charges totaling $145 million were recognized for exit costs for an offshore drilling rig, loss on debt extinguishment, impairment of older specification rail cars, severance and surplus materials and supplies inventory. Excluding items affecting the comparability of earnings between periods, our adjusted net loss was $305 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared with an adjusted net loss of $340 million in the third quarter. Turning E&P on an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $257 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared to a net loss of $285 million in the third quarter of 2016. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted results for E&P between the fourth quarter and the third quarter of 2016 were as follows. Higher realized selling prices improved results by $37 million. Lower sales volumes reduced results by $23 million. Lower DD&A expense improved results by $29 million. All other items reduced results by $15 million for an overall decrease in fourth quarter net loss of $28 million. In the fourth quarter, our E&P operations were over lifted compared with production by approximately 300,000 barrels, which did not have a material impact on fourth quarter results. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, was a benefit of 43% in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared with a benefit of 41% in the third quarter. Turning to midstream, the Bakken midstream segment had net income of $3 million in the fourth quarter, compared to $13 million in the third quarter. Higher revenues in the fourth quarter reflect a recognition of deferred minimum volume deficiency payments that were partly offset by lower throughput volumes caused by severe weather in North Dakota. Fourth quarter results also include a pre-tax charge of $67 million or $21 million after taxes and the 50% non-controlling interest to impair older specification railcars. EBITDA for the Bakken midstream before the non-controlling interest, amounted to $99 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared to $73 million in the third quarter. Starting January 1st, 2017, our midstream segment now includes the company's interest in the Permian gas plant in West Texas and related CO2 assets and our North Dakota water handling assets, which principally consists of gathering infrastructure. These assets are wholly-owned by the company and are not included in our Hess Infrastructure Partners joint venture. Turning to corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses, excluding items affecting comparability, were $72 million in the fourth quarter of 2016, compared to $68 million in the third quarter. Turning to cash flow for the fourth quarter, net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $128 million. The net increase in cash resulting from changes in working capital was $198 million. Additions to property, plant, and equipment were $487 million. Net repayments of debt were $592 million. Common and preferred stock dividends paid were $90 million. All other items resulted in an increasing cash of $46 million resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $797 million. Fourth quarter cash flow from operations before changes in working capital of $128 million reflects a reduction of approximately $200 million associated with the charges for rig exit costs, severance, and surplus inventory and higher well work over costs in the quarter. Turning to cash and liquidity, excluding the Bakken midstream, we ended 2016 with cash and cash equivalent of $2.7 billion, total liquidity of $7.3 billion, including available committed credit facilities and total debt of $6.73 billion. Turning to guidance, first with E&P, we project cash costs for E&P operations to be in the range of $16 to $17 per barrel of oil equivalent in the first quarter of 2017, and $15 to $16 per barrel for the full year of 2017 as compared to 2016 cash costs of $15.87 per barrel. Full-year cash costs per barrel are lower than the first quarter, reflecting the startup of North Malay Basin project in the third quarter and increasing production from the Bakken in the second half of 2017. DD&A per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter of 2017 is forecast to be $25.50 to $26.50 and $24 to $25 for the full year of 2017, down from 2016 DD&A of $26.57 per barrel. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs of $41.50 to $43.50 per barrel in the first quarter of 2017, and $39 to $41 per barrel for the full year of 2017, down from 2016 E&P unit operating costs of $42.44 per barrel. Exploration expenses, excluding dry holes, are expected to be in the range of $65 million to $75 million in the first quarter of 2017, and 250 million to 270 million for the full year of 2017, similar to 2016 exploration expenses of $261 million, excluding dry hole expense. The Midstream tariff, which now includes tariffs associated with our Permian gas plant and related CO2 assets and additional North Dakota water handling assets, is expected to be in the range of $115 million to $125 million for the first quarter of 2017 and $520 million to $550 million for the full year of 2017. The EMP effective tax rate excluding Libya is expected to be a benefit in the range of 11% to 15% for the first quarter and 17% to 21% for the full year 2017 versus a benefit of 42% in 2016. As mentioned we will not be recognizing deferred taxes in the U.S., Denmark and Malaysia which causes the lower effective tax rate. This lower effective tax rate will have no effect on cash flow. Turning to Midstream, in 2017, we anticipate net income attributable to HESS from the Midstream segment to be in the range of $15 million to $25 million in the first quarter and in the range of $70 million to $90 million for the full year. Turning to corporate, in 2017 our corporate and interest expenses will not receive deferred tax benefits as discussed and therefore our guidance reflects pre-tax numbers due to the absence of a tax provision. In 2017, we estimate corporate expenses to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million in the first quarter and in the range of $140 million to $150 million for the full year. We estimate interest expense to be in the range of $75 million to $80 million in the first quarter of 2017 and in the range of $295 million to $305 million for the full year of 2017. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram: Yeah, good morning. First question just relates to better understanding, the CapEx and the completion activity in the Bakken and just trying to think about 2018. I know you spent 429 million in the Bakken and did 100 wells [ph] and I know you had some ducts that helped you little bit. In 2017, you are guiding to $700 million in CapEx, at the completion count is going down like 25, just wondering if you could maybe help me reconcile that and could reflect some higher infrastructure spending but just thinking about the completion versus the CapEx in 2017 and tops around completion activities as we think about 18.
John Hess: Yeah, so let me just kind of breakdown the - there is a total of about $660 million being spent in the Bakken next year. About $50 million of that is for non-operative participations in some wells that we are expecting this year. So that leaves about $610 million for I will call it Bakken operated and if you look at that $610 million and break it down, the bulk is drilling in completion. So about $465 million is for drilling and completion at all the related facilities associated with that. There is about $95 million also in that category but that is money spend in 2017 for future years, so thats the ducts that get carried into 2018 and also the pads that we'll construct in 2017 or early 2018. And then there is about $50 million left for major maintenance and some field upgrades more statistical that we put in the budget. Hopefully thats helpful.
Arun Jayaram: Thats very helpful. And just my follow up question is, if you could just maybe better help us understand some of the first half 17 maintenance related shutdowns that you forecast. I think you all added [ph] four projects that will experience some down time, can you give us some more color on that, pretty much appreciated.
John Hess: Yeah you bet, I mean most of that - almost all had downtimes in the second quarter and about 13,000 barrels a day down first quarter versus second quarter or second quarter versus first quarter associated with those major shutdowns offshore. About 5,000 of asset Llano [ph] in the Gulf, about 6000 is Equatorial Guinea and couple of thousand barrels a day at Conger also in the Gulf of Mexico. So thats a majority of it.
Arun Jayaram: Okay thanks a lot, appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. Greg the update in the Gulf of Mexico, I am just wondering if we could take a little bit in moving part this year, you mentioned but what is the current status and expectations for Tubular Bells trajectory in the full year?
Gregory Hill: Doug, it is just too early to say on Tubular Bells and thats because we are basically increasing the chokes and not only that the well that was worked over and they came on in December 31, but also the new well they came on late December as well, so we are just in the early stages of ramping Tubular Bells back up I want to get it stable, we are also getting wider injection stables, I really want to see kind of the well results from that before I be specific on that, so potentially maybe we could provide an update once we get stable.
Doug Leggate: So what are you assuming in your full year guidance for Tubular Bells.
Gregory Hill: We arent going to give that and again Doug, I am not trying to be evasive, I just really want to see these wells ramp up and see what they are at.
Doug Leggate: My second one, hopefully a quick one is and I have got one more on Guinea, if I may, just assuming oil prices coming trajectory through the year gives a little higher, what is the first call in cash for HESS in 2017?
Gregory Hill: So if oil prices come in higher you know what we are doing with the rig ramp in Bakken, we have always said that first call in cash will be the Bakken. So we will continue to look and accelerate how we will bring the rigs in and so thats what we would be thinking about at this point. So the first call would go to the Bakken.
Doug Leggate: Okay, thank my final one - I am going to try this, I am not sure I am going to get a lot of mileage out of you guys on Guinea, but I will give it a go. So on the last call, John Hess, you suggested we would know the upper end of Liza, I realize that the Exxon guidance is above a billion but upper end would be 1.4 plus the 100 to 150 I guess gets you to 1.5. But my question is Greg suggested that you are going to drill eastern flank of the field. So can you tell us what proportion of Liza structure is derisked to get the 1.5 to get some ideas to what proportion the overall field capacity will ultimately look like? I'll leave it there thank you.
John Hess: Very fair question Doug, as we pointed out after the Liza 3 well, we confirmed and partners did as well that we were in excess of a billion barrels of oil I think it is very important to note when asked Liza deep will be accretive to the number, Payara will be accretive to the number. [indiscernible] and potentially Liza 4 will be accretive to the number, so to give specificity at this point in time would just be too early. We got to finish the appraisal that we are underway but there is upside to the numbers that we gave guidance on last quarter.
Doug Leggate: So and just a quick follow on, are we going to get a second rig down here given the potential move to FID?
Gregory Hill: Thats under discussion with the operator Doug, obviously after we take out FID, we want third drilling development wells at some point.
Doug Leggate: All right, thanks everybody.
Gregory Hill: Okay thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian Singer: Thank you. Good morning.
John Hess: Good Morning.
Brian Singer: Can you talk to your cost inflation assumptions that are built into your capital budget guidance and what if anything you are seeing now, I thought I heard you mention that you are going to be able to keep Bakken cost, Bakken well cost flat in 2017 and if I have heard that right, but can you talk to what risks that you could see as the year progresses and mitigation on that.
John Hess: Yeah, I think in 2017, we anticipate seeing some pressure in the onshore, commodity based chemicals and potentially as well. But we are pretty confident, you are exactly right, we are pretty confident that we can hold our well cost flat in the Bakken on 50 stage completion in the core at kind of that at $4.8 million average number that we had in 2016. The way we are going to offset increases I mean in sand, commodity base, chemicals, those kind of things is basically by continuing to apply our lean manufacturing capability which we have consistently as you know have been able to pull a $100,000 to $200,000 a quarter out of the well cost. And there is still a bit more room left for that improvement as well.
Brian Singer: Got it, thanks. And then separately as your completions in the Bakken are evolving, can you talk to how significant you see further technological improvement in the Bakken or whether you think were in the latter innings and does the success in improving EUR solidifies the Bakken as your key shale horse for the company or rather give you more confidence to look at other areas.
Gregory Hill: Well, let me talk about the completions in the Bakken first, as we said in our opening remark, we are doing a couple of pilots this year. And so in the core of the core which is where we have been focused, where we have that very tight, nine in eight spacing we demonstrated that the best way to optimize value in that core of the core is by using Sliding Sleeve Technology and then steadily increasing the stage counts, which effectively kind of increases the pro-well proppant loading that gives you a nice uniform frac all the way down the well bore and as you know we have worked with our supplier to continue to engineer more and more sliding sleeves in the 10,000 foot lateral. Now we believe that we could be approaching a technical limit on the number of sleeves somewhere between 60 and 70. Thats just given the tight tolerance as between all the ball sizes. So given that we may be approaching that maximum stage count with a sliding sleeve system, we now want to push the technical limits on the per stage proppant loading. So given our tight nine in eight spacing which is only about 500 feet between the wells, we are going to pilot those higher loading to find out where the optimum point might be to further increase value while not causing significant well to well interference. So when we know what is with the proppant loading that we have, we havent seen any significant well to well interference so that says you can probably get more proppant in the well and still be okay. So we are going to test the limits of that this year and see exactly how much that is. And so certainly on the sliding sleeve system, in terms of your question on where we are on technology, I think again as we approach 70 stages and got a lot number I think we are start to reach the technical limit there and next things will be proppant loading for us in the core of the core. But again that sliding sleeve system because it is so inexpensive and so efficient to install it is the highest optimum completion technique in the core of the core. As you move outside the core which we will being testing that an in the later years 2018, 2019, data seems to indicate that maybe slickwater completions or even higher proppant loadings with plug and perf maybe the answer out there and thats purely because there is a lot natural fracturing when you get out of core of the cores. So you are going to need more sand and more energy in the reservoir to connect all those fracture to that. So thats kind of where I see it going.
John Hess: And Brian your question about our position in the Bakken and how we feel about it and potentially, expanding our shale footprint in the US. In terms of the Bakken obviously improvements Greg and his team have made in the lean manufacturing, improving productivity, advancing application and technology, obviously everything governed my lean. We are very pleased with the investment opportunity; we have there, the increasing ultimate resource count that we have that reflects the increasing IPs. In terms of expanding our shale footprint, we are always looking to optimize the value of our portfolio in the normal course of business, however given our robust portfolio of captured growth opportunities with excellent return, starting with the Bakken, but also the low-risk high return inflow opportunities that we have in our offshore hubs and now Guinea outright acquisitions are low on our priority business. 
Brian Singer: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Ed Westlake: Hey, good morning. And I am sure we are not going to up in this year all the results, but as you told F&D cost analyze I mean are you able to share like total development cost for the field?
John Hess: No Ed, we'll share that when we take FID and so we'll give - during sanction [ph] you'll get a lot more color on cost and volume and production rates and all that. That will most likely be around midyear as when we take FID on Liza Phase 1.
Ed Westlake: Could we get recovery per well or that will be at the same time, just as we try and model ahead of the announcement.
John Hess: Yeah, we will give you as much disclosure as we can at sanction.
Ed Westlake: Okay and then on Payara, I mean obviously sort of a narrow net pay I mean is if that does perhaps suggest a small recovery and perhaps more expensive development and I mean anything in that well to suggest thats the wrong approach EG, like pressure regime, did you test deeper zones there as well, maybe some color on how Payara stacks up against Liza on a per unit basis?
John Hess: No, I think a couple points. You bet, yeah it is early days I think let me be clear. Payara is separate and distinct from Liza. So it is ten miles away and having said that the reservoir quality was outstanding, [indiscernible] permeability and same kind of porosity that we saw in Liza. So we are very pleased with the initial results on Payara but we are going to have to do further appraisal to determine the ultimate size of the Payara discovery, the area will extend.
Ed Westlake: And then maybe switching gears, I mean you signaled acceleration production growth into 2018. I appreciate there is a lot of variables but I dont know if this point you can share a range particularly I see Bakken will move up, but if well does recover this in a room to perhaps even increase recoveries of Valhall, [indiscernible] all of these decisions just to get - give us a sense as to what the past into 18 looks like.
John Hess: Yeah, so I think the only thing we can say with certainty at this point is you know the Bakken will - we are investing a lot in 2017 in the Bakken. You begin to really see production increase in 2018 in the Bakken. Obviously the second major catalyst in 2018 is Stampede. Beyond that we really can't be specific on an activities there because as we said it is going to depend upon oil price, I think the other thing it will happen in 2018 is as you'll have a four year North Malay Basin because of course youre only getting a partial year this year. So there is a lot of production catalyst upsides in 2018 and you begin to see that in the back half of this year. Our low point as we said is the second quarter but then by in the third and the fourth quarter you really start to ramp and as I said in my opening remark, if you look at the first quarter versus the last quarter, the delta on production if you just take the midpoint, the range is above 40,000 barrels a day. So we really start to surge in the last half of the year.
Ed Westlake: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Guy Baber of Simmons. Your line is now open.
Guy Baber: Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask about your reserve report which I thought was pretty impressive but reserves in F&D obviously can be lumpy but the $13 barrel F&D you highlight was a pretty solid result. So the question is do you think that is the type of F&D cost that's representative for your company through cycle. Or where there is some reserve lumpiness that may have contributed to that and then more broadly just wanted to get thoughts about how you are thinking of the evolution of your F&D for the total company over the next few years and what do you think as sustainable level?
John Rielly: Sure, I mean like you said, this will be qualitative because you know the reserve at F&D can be lumpy. For the most part let me just tell you what drove our reserve and the very good FD&A that we reported. So half of it is as Greg mentioned earlier it is really driven in the Bakken and it is moving up to those 50 stage fracs. We are getting higher EURs and there and over time as we continue to move up to potentially 60 stages and things like that. F&D in the Bakken is going to be an increasingly accretive if you want to say to our past F&D numbers. So that investment we'll be investing in lower cost reserves. So thats one, let me go longer terms, so we dont have the numbers yet right as Greg just mentioned and we get the FID in Guinea. But we clearly see for all the reasons that John Hess mentioned and Greg mentioned in the opening scripts that the positive attributes that you see in Guinea, low well cost, their recoverabilities, the high quality reservoirs that we see the F&D is definitely going to be accretive again post our past F&D cost. So our continued investment in Guinea and now thats going to be lumpy when you get the reserves in, but that's going to be very positive to our F&D reporting going forward. Then within the year itself that you would see North Malay Basin, we picked up some additional reserves, but that's just increased drilling and as we spend money there, the only one that you could see that was kind of, if you want to call lumpy or not tied to CapEx as much with South Arne, we did have a license extension in South Arne, so that was extended out to 2047 and we picked up about 20 million barrels there in South Arne. The rest of it was just from our normal portfolio adds in the positive things that we're doing in E&P.
Guy Baber: Thats very helpful. And then my follow-up is, I just want to better understand the flexibility embedded in your plans to ramp from two to six rigs in the Bakken. So, can you talk about the variables that might have you ramping up faster than that or slower than once you've indicated? Are there price-related trigger points you can share with us or any other issues you're monitoring around people, equipment? And if you could just help us with a framework for how you're thinking about managing that pace I think would be helpful.
John Hess: Yeah, so I think for the first half of the year we'll be adding kind of a rig a quarter and then for the back half of the year, the rigs will probably come in the fourth quarter and that just has to do with the scheduling of the wells, getting the pads ready, all of that sort of thing. Now, there is potential to accelerate those rigs. Maybe another rig comes in the third quarter rather than two in the fourth quarter. We're looking at all of that. But for us, the limiting factor for us is we want to bring these wells on safely. And the cadence for us seems to be that we can bring a rig on about one a quarter and confidently say that we can do that safely and efficiently. So, those are our two drivers, safety and efficiency in terms of how fast we can ramp those rigs.
Guy Baber: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Doug Terreson: Good morning, everybody.
John Hess: Good morning.
Doug Terreson: First, let's hope that John, the oil price or outlook ends up proving correct, because I think it will all be better off in that scenario. So, just to clarify, first of all, on the Bakken comments, what was the point that despite all the commentary that's in the market about personnel, equipment availability, et cetera, you believe that your drilling time and cost per well are going to be pretty close to flat year-over-year in 17 that as long as you're drilling in the core, was that pretty much the message on that?
John Hess: Yeah, it was, Doug. And as we've spoken about before, during the downturn we tried to preserve a lot of capability in the Bakken, particularly on the contracting side, so that we can enable a smoother transition as you ramp back up. So, we're reasonably confident that in 2017 we can manage that very efficiently, which is why we set our 50-stage fracs in the core. We believe we can hold the costs at that kind of $4.8 million number that we achieved in 2016.
Doug Terreson: Okay, perfect. And then strategically, in the United States and also overseas in E&P business, when you consider reversion to the mean that we've seen on returns for the big oils and declining [indiscernible] returns on E&P, it seems like competitive conditions are pretty intense out there and then we've also had a fairly staggering rise in energy private equity funding over the past couple of years, which doesn't help that much either. So, while you guys were early in refocusing the company on advantaged areas, done a really good job there. My question is that when you think about the future, what are the strategic imperatives for companies like Hess such that you can continue to navigate this competitive condition successfully in the future? I mean, what would you have to do to ensure the shareholders are rewarded, given this changed condition? Or do you think that the threats not so significant that it requires a response?
John Hess: No, I think you're absolutely right. It's a competitive world out there for oil resources and obviously the two years of a lower for longer price environment has challenged for everyone. Having said that, we think our company is extremely well positioned. And what's going to guide us, Doug, is value, allocating capital, the highest returns and we continue to look at shale opportunities in the United States. You're right to point out that that's a very crowded market and big question mark on returns going forward because of some of the prices being paid. Where we're actually seeing better opportunities to invest our capital is in the offshore that is much less competitive and we're getting very, very attractive opportunities that will fit our cash flow profile but also give us opportunities to make significant value for our shareholders going forward. So, obviously led by Guyana but the opportunities we have in the Guyanas basin, I think, has legs. There are some other offshore opportunities we see there. So, we're going to be driven by value and in the long run we believe that strategy is the one that will reward our shareholders the most.
Doug Terreson: Okay. Good answer, John. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Hey, guys, good morning. The first one is for John Rielly. John, you mentioned that you're not going to have any recognize, any deferred tax in U.S., Denmark, and Norway. Is that purely just a function of price? And at what point that you - those areas that you have the price is high enough and you start making money? So, we assume that you start recognizing the deferred tax benefit in the cash flow or that is going to be a while?
John Rielly: Okay. I just want to clarify. So, it's U.S., Denmark, and Malaysia.
Paul Cheng: Malaysia.
John Rielly: Yes, those are the three areas. And so, as a result, again this is just a bookkeeping requirement that is in the accounting rules because of this three-year cumulative loss that we have or any company would have, you would have to take down your net deferred tax assets. When we try to or have losses going forward, we can't book deferred tax benefits in those three countries until we reestablish the deferred tax assets. So, your question is when is that going to happen and that is not exactly also in the rules. So, it's going to kind of be a facts and circumstances analysis at a time. So, first of all, we will be emerging and starting to show profits, but then you have to see just like your point, what are the market conditions at that time and any other relevant evidence at that point. So, usually putting a deferred tax asset back on your books is going to require a little bit more positive evidence including now that you're out of this three-year cumulative loss position. So, again I just want to make sure everybody does understand there is no effect on cash flow. There is no economic impact to this at all, so from this charge or the lower effective tax rate going forward.
Paul Cheng: The second question is for Greg. Greg, just when Im looking back, when North Malay, the early production systems there, I think the expectation is that [indiscernible] 40 million cubic feet per day until the full development on it and your ramp to 165. Obviously, last year that declined below 40. So, the lower production, is it - what then really is causing you? Is it equipment issue? Is it a reservoir issue or is it contract issue, demand issue, can you just - in other words, I mean, what confident that we have once the full production that you really indeed will be able to [indiscernible] in 165?
Gregory Hill: Yeah, so, Paul, the early production system, the reason the production is down slightly this year is because of well. So, we lost the well and that early production system is going to go, remember that, that goes away. So, it doesn't make any sense to re-drill a well for a very short lifespan. So, I have all the confidence in the world that the 165 is a good number. We've got a great well stock. We've drilled 13 wells already. All of those wells have come in at or better than pre-drill expectations. So, the wells are healthy. We've got a great wealth stock. We've got a large number of wells in North Malay Basin or will have, so I have a lot of confidence in the 165 number.
Paul Cheng: Greg, the 165 is based on how many well producing at the same time and what is the average well production?
Gregory Hill: I can give you more color on that as we get closer to actually bringing it on, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Okay.
Gregory Hill: If you ask me that in mid-year and I can give you some more color.
Paul Cheng: Okay. For the Stampede we've been talking for some time, the 2018 start up and that we're now getting closer. Is there any maybe an EBIT more granularity in terms of is it going to be first quarter, second quarter, mid-year, second half, any kind of addition of data?
Gregory Hill: No, we'll give you guidance on that later in the year as we get closer. So, we still have - remember what we're trying to do this year, we're going to float out the TLP and topsides, get those landed on location. We got to get all the subsea umbilicals and flow lines done and then we'll also continue drilling. So, 2018 is a big year of installation. So, we'll give you more color as those activities progress throughout the year.
Paul Cheng: And in Valhall under the new operator, how many wells that they are going to drill this year?
John Hess: Yeah, there will be three wells that actually get drilled. Only one will come on this year. So, the other two will come on next year.
Paul Cheng: So, we should not expect that Valhall production will be up until fourth quarter?
John Hess: Yeah, I think that's a good - I think that's a good estimate, so kind of flattish. In the meantime, we do have a shutdown in Valhall associated with that Ekofisk in the third quarter, but that's fairly minor in the big scheme of things. So, again, we guided 25 to 30 for Valhall this year, which is relatively flat where it was last year.
Paul Cheng: Oh, I see. All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Paul Sankey: Hi, good morning everyone. Just a high level question, John, you started out with the [indiscernible]. Greg, you talked about more efficiency. I was wondering, what was the balance between the decisions to accelerate the Bakken in terms of an expectation of higher oil prices or whether it's all about the fact that you can do more for less? Thanks.
John Hess: It's actually both at the end of the day. We said as prices approach 60 and really have a firm five in the price and we feel pretty good about that. We would be comfortable starting to accelerate our Bakken program and obviously with a great work that Greg and his team have done about lowering costs, increasing stage counts, increasing productivity. When you add it all up, it's about allocating capital the highest returns and we saw some very good returns there.
Paul Sankey: Yeah I think that youve led into the second thoughts on which was, I think previously you talked about free cash flow generation of 60 in the Bakken if I'm not wrong and that being the number at which you would accelerate, are you effectively saying that that number is now lower?
John Hess: Well, actually, so our plans, our capital plans - fair question. Our capital plans for the Bakken anticipate that asset generating free cash and growing as well and obviously that free cash is going to be a function of what the oil prices, but our plans aren't just to invest all the cash to grow production. It's also to make sure that we start getting some cash back from that asset and that's an integral part of how we thought about allocating the capital.
Paul Sankey: Okay. Thank you. And then one to add to the Guyana question, just wondering you said Payara very similar to Liza, but one can thus note explicitly net pay seems a lot less. Is there anything to say about that? Thank you.
John Hess: I think the key thing there is we just have more appraisal to do, but we think it will be a significant resource in and of itself, how big it is, more appraisals necessary.
Paul Sankey: I guess the question was I think you had 95 feet of net pay at Payara, which is less than half of the Liza?
John Hess: Absolutely, but more appraisals necessary to find out what the resource size is going to be and so, let's wait for that appraisal before we can be more definitive about what the number is, but we do think Payara itself will be significant.
Paul Sankey: Thank you, John.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ryan Todd: Yeah, thanks. Maybe as we just look over the medium term in terms of managing and kind of cash inflows and outflows, you have a large cash balance on hand right now. As you look towards - but a decent sized outspend likely in 2017 as well, so as you look forward over the next few years, how do you anticipate drawing down that cash balance versus the preference towards kind of achieving cash flow neutrality?
Gregory Hill: Sure. So, again the key is, as we've been talking about, we've been spending this capital on these development projects, North Malay Basin and Stampede and we're getting obviously closer to getting them both online and generating free cash. So, if you are looking from like a general guidance of where we are this year, if you were excluding basically North Malay Basin and Stampedes capital, our operating cash flow would cover CapEx and dividends in 2017 kind of at the current strip prices that we have. So, it's - and then going forward, it's like John just said, I mean obviously prices are going to play an important role in this, but we're trying to balance our investment in growth and this generation in free cash flow and we've always said 2018 will be the big transition year for us. Now we're generating free cash flow from this North Malay Basin in Stampede and we can use that cash flow now to begin to generate into our development projects, say, in Liza and other growth projects like in Bakken. So, we will balance that continually going forward.
Ryan Todd: Okay. And any consideration I know it was asked earlier about your appetite for just additional acquisitions. I mean as you look about at the extent of your global portfolio on the flip side, do you look at - how do you - how is the appetite for additional monetization of resource across the portfolio either from some of your global assets or even a farm-down of Guyana in terms of either allowing you to fund future developments or accelerate capital deployment in places like the Bakken?
John Hess: Yeah, now fair enough portfolio optimization, as I said before, is something we look at every day and is in the normal course of business. So we're always looking to optimize that and go where the value is and go where the returns are. Having said that, outright acquisitions are low on the priority list because what we have captured in our portfolio both short cycle and long cycle already offers very attractive returns to our shareholders. And in terms of Guyana, it offers such attractive returns that that is not looking at something that we would sell down. But as I said in our overall portfolio we're always looking to optimize and as opportunities present themselves well consider them.
Ryan Todd: Great and maybe one quick follow-up on the Bakken, fourth quarter, as you mentioned in your comments and as we see in the data, in the fourth quarter you saw significant increase in well productivity at least in terms of 30-day IPs versus prior quarters. Can you talk a little bit about what the mix shift was in terms of 50-stage fracs 3Q versus 4Q? And is that a number what we saw in 4Q that we should view as kind of a more representative number of the drilling program going forward in terms of well productivity?
Gregory Hill: Yeah, I think in the fourth quarter, you're right. All the wells that we drilled are 50-stage and that was truly in the core of the core. So, the best wells that we've drilled in the Bakken that 1091 barrels of oil, kind of IP30, those were the wells we were drilling in the fourth quarter. We will stay in the core in 2017 that will be the bulk of where our drilling is. Certainly, on average because of the 50-stage fracs, the IP90s and the IP30 rates will be higher in 2017 than they were in 2016. So, the whole inventory is not going to be the 1091 kind of IP30s. That was truly some extraordinary wells. So, it'll still be - the average is going to be higher this year than it was last year. So, good upside there.
Ryan Todd: Great, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen of Heikkinen Energy. Your line is now open.
David Heikkinen: Good morning guys and congratulations on the ramp going into fourth quarter. One thing with all the moving parts of Valhall and Malay that is gas but oil linked, can you just give a BO expectation, just barrels of oil for the fourth quarter in that split for the overall corporate guidance?
Gregory Hill: David, make sure I understand your question.
David Heikkinen: You gave BOEs, whats just the barrels of oil in the fourth quarter?
John Hess: Barrels of oil for the fourth quarter of 2016?
David Heikkinen: Yeah, in that 330 to 340 guidance, what would be the split?
John Hess: Oh, now I understand, now I understand in the fourth quarter number. So, we would be moving up considerably here. I'd say it's going to go up approximately almost close to 14%, I'd say, between the first quarter and the fourth quarter on the oil. So, you're going to see that jump clearly above in the range of 210,000 barrels a day plus in the fourth quarter for the oil in that number.
David Heikkinen: That's very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell of Touhy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Campbell: Good morning. I was just wondering if you can share any early impressions of [indiscernible] that takes over the operation at Valhall, I mean I dont think its rude to say that sometimes we felt like the prior operators left something to be desired, so Im just wondering how youre feeling about them in your early impressions?
Gregory Hill: Yeah, thanks for the question. I think John and I have met with their senior management twice over the course of the year as recently as a month ago and were encouraged by their approach and we really look forward to working together with them to maximize value from the Valhall asset. Hess did a lot with BP and Ill credit BP with their progress that theyve made in the last couple of years using many of the techniques that we develop on South Arne, applying those to Valhall both lean manufacturing and some shaft drilling and well [indiscernible] techniques that we developed in the North Sea. Acre, BP is carrying on with that and were excited that they can even drive more improvement beyond what BP was able to achieve with our help in the last couple of years.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, great. I think well look forward to that. I just wanted to ask one quick question with regard to Guyana. It sounds like the Liza-1, the Liza-3 and Payara, all tested different formations. I was just wondering with the next well thats coming and the visible explorations that you see, are you going to be just essentially testing one of those once again in a different location or are you going to be testing an entirely new formation?
Gregory Hill: Now, these are all upper cretaceous, so every one of these wells has been upper cretaceous. So all of the well test, everything that were doing is all confined to the upper cretaceous. Even the Liza deep is upper cretaceous accumulation.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, thank you, I appreciate.
Gregory Hill: Do you mind, I just want to clarify something for the group that I gave because that was - you were specifically asking before oil. I had some liquids numbers in there, so again from an oil and liquid standpoint there will be a significant increase as you go into fourth quarter. Oil again will have a significant increase, but oil will be about 190,000 barrels a day plus in the fourth quarter and then liquids will be above that. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and Im showing no further questions at this time. Thank you very much. This concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp. John B. Hess - Hess Corp. Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp. John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.
Analysts: Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2016 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Nicole and I'll I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Nicole. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. On this morning's call, John Hess will make some high-level comments on the quarter and the progress we are making in executing our strategy. Greg Hill will then review our operations and John Rielly will discuss our financial results. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Jay, and good morning, everyone. Our company has made important progress in maintaining a strong balance sheet and keeping a tight control on our spending, while continuing to invest in future growth, which we believe will create significant value for our shareholders. Over the course of 2016, we have materially reduced our spending in response to this lower for longer oil price environment. We now project our full year 2016 E&P capital and exploratory expenditures to be approximately $2 billion, down $100 million from our previous forecast and more than 50% below 2015. In addition, this month, we will complete a $1.5 billion refinancing of higher coupon debt, extending our average maturities and lowering our average coupon rate. This transaction further strengthens our balance sheet and liquidity position and defers any significant debt maturities until 2027. While we have reduced investment across our producing portfolio, we believe it is very important to continue to fund our growth projects in the Gulf of Thailand, deepwater Gulf of Mexico, and offshore Guyana. With regard to Guyana, we are very encouraged about the significant resource potential on the 6.6 million acres Stabroek block. The Liza-3 well was successful, encountering approximately 200 feet of net oil pay and the same high-quality reservoir encountered in the Liza-1 and Liza-2 wells. This result further confirms that Liza is a world-class resource and one of the industry's largest oil discoveries in the last 10 years. With this information, we now expect estimated recoverable resources for Liza to be at the upper end of the previously announced range of 800 million barrels of oil equivalent and 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Pre-development planning is underway and we expect to be in a position to sanction the first phase of development in 2017. We believe Liza will offer very attractive economics at current oil prices. In addition, we are in the early stages of evaluating the exploration potential on the Stabroek block. The drilling rig will next move to the Payara prospect located approximately 10 miles northeast from Liza, with results from this exploration well expected by the time of our next conference call. With regard to our two other offshore developments, North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand and Stampede in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, are on track to come online in 2017 and 2018 respectively. Together, they will add a combined 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and transition from being sizable cash users to significant long-term cash generators for the company. Turning to our financial results. In the third quarter of 2016, we posted a net loss of $339 million. On an adjusted basis, the net loss was $340 million or $1.12 per common share compared to an adjusted net loss of $291 million or $1.03 per common share in the year-ago quarter. Compared to the third quarter of 2015, our financial results were negatively impacted by lower crude oil and natural gas sales volumes and selling prices, which more than offset the positive impacts of lower operating costs and DD&A. Net production was 314,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, at the upper end of our guidance range for the quarter, while net production from the Bakken exceeded our guidance, averaging 107,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter. Our Bakken team continues to deliver excellent operating results and returns in the core of the play, that are competitive with the Permian and Eagle Ford. In the third quarter, drilling and completion costs averaged $4.7 million per well, 11% below the year-ago quarter, even as we transitioned from a 35-stage to a 50-stage completion design. Our high-quality Bakken acreage, industry-leading drilling and completion costs and advantaged infrastructure position our Bakken asset to be a major contributor to the company's future production and cash flow growth. With the recent improvement in oil prices, we are making initial preparations to increase our drilling activity in the play next year. We will provide 2017 guidance. including capital and exploratory expenditures, as usual in January. In summary, our company remains well positioned for the current low oil price environment and for a recovery in oil prices. We have one of the strongest balance sheets and long-term growth outlooks among our peers, which we believe will deliver profitable growth and improving returns for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an operational update and review our progress in executing our strategy. In the third quarter of 2016, we delivered strong operating performance and advanced our offshore developments and exploration activities. Starting with production, in the third quarter, we averaged 314,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, at the upper end of our guidance range of 310,000 to 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting strong performance across our producing assets. As a result, we reconfirm our full-year 2016 production guidance of 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 325,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. Turning to the Bakken, in the third quarter, production averaged 107,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 106,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter and 113,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter. We drilled 21 wells and brought 22 wells online in the third quarter. For 2016, we now expect to drill approximately 70 wells and bring 100 wells online. This compares to last year, when we drilled 182 wells and brought 219 wells online. We currently have two rigs operating in the play. But as John mentioned, given the recent improvement in oil prices, we are making preparations to ramp up activity levels next year as prices recover. In the fourth quarter, we expect Bakken production to average between 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent and 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting fewer new wells being brought online. For the full year 2016, we expect Bakken production to be approximately 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Over the third quarter, we continued to optimize our completions from our current 50-stage design by successfully completing 53-stage and 57-stage wells and we are trialing a 60-stage well this quarter. Even with these higher stage count trials, we still reduced our average drilling and completion costs in the third quarter to $4.7 million per well. We expect the 50-stage completion design to yield a 7% uplift in EUR per well in the core of the play. Wells bought online in the third quarter are expected to deliver gross EUR per well of approximately 830,000 barrels of oil equivalent and we anticipate this will approach 1 million barrels of oil equivalent in the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, average 30-day IP rates from our Middle Bakken wells increased to 899 barrels of oil per day from 811 barrels of oil per day in the second quarter and we expect to see a further increase in the fourth quarter. Moving to the Utica, net production for the third quarter held at 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 28,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter and 29,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter of 2016. Now, turning to offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 61,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter compared to 54,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter of 2016. At the Conger field, in which Hess has a 37.5% working interest and is operator, we started a work-over to remediate a mechanical failure as announced in our second quarter call and anticipate the well returning to production in the first quarter of 2017. At our Tubular Bells field, in which Hess holds a 57.1% working interest and is operator, we will commence water injection this quarter and are currently completing a fifth producer that we anticipate bringing online in the first quarter of 2017. We will also replace a third defective sub-surface valve in the fourth quarter and expect to have the well back online in the first quarter of 2017. As with other fields in the Mississippi Canyon area, Tubular Bells was also shut in for five days as a precaution for hurricane activity. In Norway, the Aker BP-operated Valhall field, in which Hess has a 64% interest, continues to perform strongly with net production of 31,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day on average in the third quarter compared to 19,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter of 2016 and 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter. At the Malaysia-Thailand joint development area in the Gulf of Thailand, in which Hess has a 50% interest, the booster compression compressor tie-in was successfully completed during a planned shutdown. Net production averaged 24,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 36,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the last year's third quarter, reflecting downtime associated with the compression tie-in and reduced entitlement. In the fourth quarter, we expect net production to be back above 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to developments, at the North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, in which Hess has a 50% working interest and is operator, we completed the installation of the topsides at three remote wellhead platforms which are part of the full field development project. We also completed the drilling of three development wells. The project is on schedule for completion in the third quarter of 2017, after which net production is expected to ramp up steadily to 165 million cubic feet per day. At the Stampede development project in the Gulf of Mexico, in which Hess holds a 25% working interest and is operator, we successfully lifted and set the topsides deck on the haul. All major lifts are now complete, drilling operations continue to progress and first oil remains on schedule for 2018. I'd now like to move to Guyana, where Hess has a 30% interest in the 6.6 million acre Stabroek block. On September 5, the operator ExxonMobil spud the Liza 3 well, located approximately 2.7 miles from the Liza-1 discovery well. Liza-3 was drilled in 600,000 feet of water and reached a TD of approximately 18,100 feet. The well encountered approximately 200 feet of net oil pay in the same high-quality reservoir encountered during other Liza wells. This reservoir sequence is also confirmed to have a common pressure regime with that of the equivalent reservoir interval found in both Liza-1 and Liza-2. Based on the positive Liza-3 results, we now expect estimated recoverable resources for Liza alone via the upper end of ExxonMobil's previously announced range of 0.8 billion barrels and 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent. The operator then plans to drill an exploration well at the Payara prospect located approximately 10 miles northeast from Liza with results expected by late January. In parallel, we continue to progress predevelopment activities at Liza and expect to be in a position to sanction the first phase of development in 2017. We remain excited not only by Liza, which is world-class in its own right, but also by the significant further exploration potential of the very large Stabroek block, which as a reminder, is the equivalent of approximately 1,150 Gulf of Mexico blocks. In closing, I'm very pleased with our team who once again have delivered strong operational performance, relentless continuous improvement and some key milestones and results which we believe in combination will deliver one of the most exciting growth profiles among our large cap E&P peers over the next decade and beyond. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the third quarter of 2016 to the second quarter of 2016. The Corporation incurred a net loss of $339 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared with a net loss of $392 million in the second quarter. Excluding items affecting the comparability of earnings between periods, our adjusted net loss was $340 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared with an adjusted net loss of $335 million in the second quarter. Turning to E&P, on an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $285 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to a net loss of $271 million in the second quarter of 2016. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted results for E&P between the third quarter and the second quarter of 2016 were as follows: Higher realized selling prices improved results by $3 million. Lower sales volumes reduced results by $33 million. Lower exploration expenses improved results by $26 million. All other items reduced results by $10 million for an overall increase in third quarter net loss of $14 million. In the third quarter, our E&P sales volumes were the same as production volumes, and therefore the timing of lifting had no impact on our financial results. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, was a benefit of 41% in the third quarter of 2016 compared with a benefit of 47% in the second quarter. Turning to Bakken Midstream, third quarter net income of $13 million increased from $11 million in the second quarter, primarily due to lower operating cost and interest expense. EBITDA for the Bakken Midstream, before the non-controlling interest, amounted to $73 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $68 million in the second quarter. Turning to corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $118 million in the third quarter of 2016 compared to $75 million in the second quarter. The third quarter results include an after-tax charge of $50 million for the premium paid to purchase 65% of our notes due in 2019. Turning to cash flow for the third quarter, net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $309 million. The net increase in cash resulting from changes in working capital was $23 million. Additions to property, plant and equipment were $529 million. Net borrowings were $731 million. Common and preferred dividends paid were $91 million. All other items resulted in a decrease in cash of $9 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $434 million. Turning to cash and liquidity. Excluding the Bakken Midstream, we had cash and cash equivalents of $3.5 billion, total liquidity of $8.2 billion including available committed credit facilities and total debt of $6.7 billion at September 30, 2016. The increase in debt during the quarter was attributable to the partial completion of a refinancing transaction launched in September to improve the company's liquidity position by purchasing higher coupon bonds, redeeming near-term maturities and lowering go-forward interest expense. To accomplish the refinancing, the Corporation issued in September $1 billion of 4.3% notes due in 2027 and $500 million of 5.8% notes due in 2047. The company used $750 million during the third quarter to retire 8.125% notes with a carrying value of $670 million due in 2019. In October, the company will use $625 million to redeem $300 million of notes due in 2017 and to retire notes with a carrying value of $259 million due in 2029 and 2031. As a result of this refinancing, we have no significant debt maturities until 2027. Pro forma for the notes purchased are redeemed in October and excluding the Bakken Midstream, our cash and cash equivalents were $2.9 billion and total debt was $6.1 billion at September 30, 2016. Our pro forma debt to capitalization ratio was 24.5%. Now turning to guidance. Starting with E&P. Cash cost per E&P operations are projected to be in the range of $17.50 to $18.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter, which includes approximately $2 per barrel for planned work-over activity to replace defective subsurface valves at the Conger and Tubular Bells fields in the Gulf of Mexico. Full year cash costs are projected to be in the range of $16 per barrel to $16.50 per barrel which compares to previous full-year guidance of $16 per barrel to $17 per barrel. DD&A per barrel is forecast to be $26 per barrel to $27 per barrel in the fourth quarter and $26.50 per barrel to $27 per barrel for the full year which is down from previous full-year guidance of $27 per barrel to $28 per barrel. As a result, total E&P unit operating costs are projected to be in the range of $43.50 per barrel to $45.50 per barrel in the fourth quarter and $42.50 per barrel to $43.50 per barrel for the full year, which is down from previous full-year guidance of $43 per barrel to $45 per barrel. The Bakken Midstream tariff expense is expected to be $4.20 per barrel to $4.30 per barrel for the fourth quarter and $3.85 per barrel to $3.95 per barrel for the full year, consistent with previous guidance of $3.80 per barrel to $4 per barrel. Exploration expenses excluding dry hole costs are expected to be in the range of $75 million to $85 million in the fourth quarter and $250 million to $260 million for the full year, which is down from previous full year guidance of $260 million to $280 million. The E&P effective tax rate is expected to be a deferred tax benefit in the range of 36% to 40% for the fourth quarter and 40% to 44% for the full year of 2016, which compares to previous full year guidance of 41% to 45%. Turning to Bakken Midstream, we estimate net income attributable to Hess from the Bakken Midstream segment, which reflects our 50% ownership, to be in the range of $10 million to $15 million in the fourth quarter and $48 million to $53 million for the full year of 2016, which is up from previous full year guidance of $40 million to $50 million. Turning to corporate, we expect corporate expenses, net of taxes, to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million for the fourth quarter and $90 million to $95 million for the full year of 2016, which compares to previous full year guidance of $100 million to $110 million. We anticipate interest expense to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million for the fourth quarter and $200 million to $205 million for the full year of 2016. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Doug Terreson of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Good morning, everybody.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Morning.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: John, you've indicated in the past, I think, that sustained Brent prices near $60 would probably be needed for the company to consider a more assertive spending profile. And within this context, some of your peers and semi-peers have taken a little bit of a different tact recently and they've indicated that even if the oil price does increase that their spending is not going to rise through 2020 with capital return to shareholders instead and to reduce debt, et cetera. So, my question is how you guys are thinking about capital management over the medium term, if we have a scenario whereby the oil price does recover, and whether you feel that the balance between returns on capital and production growth and financial flexibility requires adjustment in relation to the past decade and if so, how should it change?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Well, Doug, thank you. As you know, our strategy in this lower for longer oil price environment has been to preserve our balance sheet, preserve our capability and preserve our growth options, so it's a balance, and we're about value, not volume. But with the recent improvement in oil prices, we are making initial preparations to increase activity levels once again in the Bakken next year. We'll provide detailed 2017 guidance, including capital and exploratory expenditures as usual in January. But we're going to stay fiscally disciplined. It's the balance sheet that's premier here to fund through the cycle, the excellent growth opportunities we have, both short cycle in the Bakken and longer cycle in Guyana. And as long as those opportunities offer superior financial returns to our shareholders, that will obviously command our capital going forward, with an eye to keeping the balance sheet in check as well as looking at over time offering competitive growth and increasing cash returns to shareholders as well. So, it's going to be a balance and it's going to be a function of oil price.
Doug Terreson - Evercore Group LLC: Okay, John. Thanks a lot.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. John, I wonder if I could kick off with the Liza news this morning. With the step-out, the 2.7 mile step-out similar thickness, it looks like, it looks like you've got a really shallow incline on this discovery, I guess. My question is, have you hit lowest known oil yet, did you find the oil-water contact, and if I may, my understanding is you're staying on the well to deepen the well. Can you talk a little bit about what you're looking for and what the next steps might be?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, Doug, this is Greg. The well is still under evaluation. I mean, what we can say is that we found 200 feet of very nice quality oil sands consistent with the sands at Liza 1 and Liza 2. So we're going to have to wait until the well is fully evaluated. Regarding next steps on the well, you're right. We're deepening the well, sidetracking and deepening the well, going through some separate, but distinct deeper sand packages.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: I think the real takeaway there, Doug, to your point, Liza has gotten bigger. It's in excess of 1 billion barrels of oil equivalent and we believe offers very attractive financial returns at current prices, and that's the key point.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, just to be clear, you didn't find the oil-water contact or you did?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: We'll refer that question to the operator when you  ExxonMobil has their call on Friday, but obviously...
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: ...we're encouraged that we have a bigger resource here than before, so you can draw your own conclusions from that.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. Okay. Thanks. Quick follow-up if I may, so you're talking about Payara by the next quarter's results, but that's three months away and these are apparently taking 45 days to drill. What's the  what should I read into the timing?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Well, I think, Doug, first of all, we've got to finish the current deepening that we're on with the current well. So, we're in operations right now on that well. We've got to finish that out and depending on obviously what we find, could dictate how long the well takes to complete. And then we'll move the rig over to Payara and begin drilling at Payara there, again, depending on what we find, will dictate how long it actually takes to finish the well.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Last one from me, very quickly. A follow-on to Doug's question actually about the Bakken. I understand you're going to give guidance, John, early next year. But just curious what your objective is because you're still seeing declines in the field. Are you looking for stability or are you looking to grow the Bakken next year? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yes. Doug, it's going to be a function of financial returns. We said that until oil prices approached $60, it didn't make sense to accelerate volume for its own sake, but we see with the current improvement in oil prices for next year, that now we're making our plans to increase the rig count some. The exact definition of that, we'll give guidance as we finalize our plans at the end of the year. But the core of the core that we have with the low drilling and completion costs offer us returns that are competitive with the Permian and the Eagle Ford. So as oil prices have improved, we think it's going to make sense to really take a hard look at increasing our rig count for next year.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks for taking my questions, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Back to Guyana, could you just add a little bit more color on the Payara prospect, how that compares versus at Liza and Skipjack and if there's any look on whether you would continue to go with one rig in Guyana next year or whether there would be something greater than that?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think regarding the rig count, we're still finalizing all of our plans and budget with the operators. So it's too early to be specific on that. Again, with the Payara prospect, it's 10 miles northeast of the Liza-1 well. It's in a similar reservoir package that we've seen in Liza, but getting definitive beyond that, let's just wait and see the results of the well.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. And then shifting over to the Bakken, just a couple of follow-up questions on some of the capital allocations there. Is the decision to move forward or to consider and prepare for accelerating activity there just simply in line with the approaching $60 commentary or has there been a more material improvement in returns or a reduction in cost that is more secular that's lowering that breakeven? And then very broadly, how do you think about (32:31) the out spending of cash flow next year?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. On the Bakken, it's more a function of price and value, but obviously with the improving cost performance that we have as well as the expansion of our stages to 50 stages from 35 stages, all of which we think has prices improve off of very attractive returns on a short cycle basis to our shareholders. And so that's why it's being given serious consideration and a finalization of the drilling rig program will give you and when we announce our budget for next year in January.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Hey, Brian, if I could just add  Brian, if I could just add a little more color on what John said. If you look at the well inventory that we have in the Bakken, that generates a 15% after-tax or a higher return at $50, that is now over 900 wells. And to put that in context, that's increased by some 40% for that same $50 number last year. So, as John said, as well costs have come down and our IT rates have gone up as a result of going to higher stage counts, we're sitting on a very high-quality inventory of wells.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks. And you may have said both these points, but did you say or could you say what the well cost and EURs will be associated with the 50 stage, 50 stage Bakken well?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. So, I think as we said in our opening remarks, the EURs in the fourth quarter will approach a million barrels. The EURs in the Middle Bakken in the third quarter were just shy of 900,000 barrels and well costs continued to drop this quarter. They dropped from $4.8 million to $4.7 million in spite of the fact that we had a couple higher stage count trials, the 53 stage and the 57 stage count. So, we continue to make those lean manufacturing continuous improvement gains on the wells in spite of increasing  marginally increasing stage count.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Good. Thanks. Maybe one quick one on the Bakken and then a follow-up somewhere else. In the past, you've talked about, I guess, trying to understand the trajectory for 2017 as well. In the past, you've talked about three rigs to four rigs to maintain production flat in the Bakken. Is that still the case or have the improvements you've talked about in terms of lowering costs and productivity improvements changed that at all?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. I think the  I think the three rigs to four rigs is appropriate. I think the only thing we can say is that number has moved closer to three than four, but it's still in between three and four to hold production flat.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thanks. And then if we think about activity, you mentioned in your comments the likelihood of reaching FID earlier than 2017. What are the steps that need to be met between now and then in terms of  I know it's tough to say at this point, in terms of additional appraisal wells and activity that needed to be done that we can watch for in terms of hitting FID next year?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No. I think that the biggest thing that needs to be done is really the completion of the FEED work and getting bids back from contractors, all those things, and then obviously finalizing your final well designs and locations and all those. So it's just normal project progression to reach the FID point.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: And I think the key point there is obviously Liza is a world-class resource, in excess of a billion barrels of oil equivalent. So we think we're at beyond the commercial threshold already at current prices.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thank you. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, good morning, guys.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Morning.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: My first question on Greg's opening comments, it sounded like the Bakken wells are showing progression in average 30-day IPs as you move to the 50-stage completions. You mentioned the Middle Bakken 30-day IPs yet, what do you see on the lower Three Forks? And I note that in the context of your ops report you just filed that had 843 barrels a day in the quarter for all ops wells. So I'm just trying to square the circle from what we're seeing in the third quarter and what we should see or expect in 4Q for that average 30-day IP?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Evan. Really the difference in the numbers I quoted in the third quarter results is the mix of Three Forks wells. So this quarter had a higher proportion of Three Forks wells in it. Those IPs in the Three Forks this quarter were around about 800 barrels a day or so. And we also had an operational issue where we had some production curtailment due to some road restrictions that adversely impacted some of those Three Forks wells. So it brought the average down on the Three Forks, but that's why we gave you the Middle Bakken numbers. Middle Bakken numbers were very strong, less impacted by the production curtailment. So, it was that mix that really caused the quarter-on-quarter reduction. But as we said in the fourth quarter, we're going to see particularly Middle Bakken EURs approaching that 1 million barrel number in the fourth quarter, so we should have a very strong fourth quarter in terms of EUR in the Bakken.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Right. And do you have an IP estimate for the 4Q kind of total operated as others were guiding for 900 barrels a day to 1,000 barrels a day, is that what we should expect?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah we just said that  again, that should approach that 1 million barrels in the fourth quarter IP rates.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Sorry, 1,000 barrels a day, 1 million barrel EURs, yeah.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And my second question is there appears to be success with higher proppant loading in the Bakken amongst your peers. I know you mentioned higher proppant loadings were less effective in your acreage before. Yet what is your current proppant load on that standard 50-stage completion and are you planning to test any higher loads or kind of test that thesis in line with some other operators in the basin? Thanks.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, so Evan, we think that the Bakken is really two different areas, right. So in the core of the core, we believe that sticking with sliding fleet completions and increasing that stage count as high as you can practically go, delivers the highest return. Now the proppant loading we're using in those areas, again, the core of the core is anywhere from 80,000 pounds to 110,000 pounds per stage and that just really depends on where we are because we have the data to kind of say, it's better to optimize that between 80,000 pounds and 110,000 pounds. Now, as you move outside the core, we continue to evaluate other designs, which includes slickwater, plug and perf, high proppant volume completions. And what we ultimately decide there, and we'll begin testing some of those techniques, whatever technique gives us the highest return per BSU, that is the one we're going to select. And so, the reason for the differences are simply because in the core of the core, you're on the flexure of the structure, so you have an awful high amount of natural fracturing. So you just need less of a proppant load. As you get outside the core, there's less of that effect, so that's what drives these different completion designs outside the core.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Maybe one more if I could, I know the Hawkeye started up in the 3Q that affected the mix in the quarter, but any color on when that started and ramped up within the quarter, just to get a better view of what the forward run rate might look like on a mix  production mix in the Bakken?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah, if you look at the mix, again, the individual well GORs are unchanged. And so, nothing is going on in the field from a GOR level. What has changed though is just the overall mix of production as we bring more wells, gas and NGLs as we bring more of that into the plant. So previously flared volumes  we're gathering additional previously flared volumes and putting those into the plant. So that's what's really going on with our mix.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Was that  when in the quarter was the startup?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So now, Hawkeye is coming in on  in phases, right, so it will be completed in 2017. And really, I wouldn't say anything in particular with Hawkeye itself, it is, as Greg said, we are just continuing to hook up more and more of our pads where either they were previously flared, it's just hooking up to our own infrastructure and we even have small amounts that we hook up to other infrastructure as well, other third-party infrastructure. And that additional gathering is what is causing the gas rate and the NGL volumes to go up and just causing pure math on the percentages of crude. But as Greg said, there is no change of the mix at the wellhead.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great. Appreciate it guys.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes. Congrats again on Liza, looks like a large aerial extent and lack of compartmentalization, I guess, a couple of quick questions on Liza. I mean, what recovery factor have you assumed to come up with the sort of range?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Evan (sic) [Ed], we're evaluating a whole number of different scenarios on development, so it's too early to talk about that, Ed.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right. I mean it just seems that from the aerial extent, it seems larger potentially than even the range that has been given.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. As John said, it's in the upper range  upper end of the range that was quoted previously.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Gas content thus far?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Again, let's wait until the development gets sanctioned to be specific on exactly what the mix is. But it's got a very healthy GOR, which means it's going to have a good response from a recovery standpoint.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then switching topic and maybe this is more broadly strategic. I mean you're clearly creating value in Guyana at the pace which offshore exploration takes. You're seeing peers get rewarded from making acquisitions down in the Permian. Maybe just sort of from a strategic standpoint, talk a little bit about how you see the changing landscape and Hess's role in it given the mix of onshore shale that you have, the excitement that people have about the Permian and then you also have this offshore element?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. No, thank you. I think the way we look at it is obviously we're always looking to optimize the value of our portfolio in the normal course of our business. However, with the robust portfolio of captured growth opportunities that we have, balanced between, I'd say the shorter cycle, Bakken, which is low risk and high return, with returns competitive with the Permian that you just talked about, as well as the longer cycle Guyana that we think will have world-class financial returns as well, acquisitions are low on our priority list.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks. Very clear.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning. John, I think in the past, you guys have told about sustaining CapEx above $1.5 billion. Is that still the number or that number has changed?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: So, we look at it, if you're asking like a sustainable CapEx level that we talk about for maintaining flat production, like if you look at right now, we're around, as John mentioned earlier, $2 billion of capital this year. With that, we have North Malay Basin and Stampede coming online and that 35,000 barrels a day comes online in 2018. So, when that comes online, you could  from our production levels that we have, we'll basically be able to keep our production levels flat, maybe some slight growth with when you're putting in and spending that $2 billion. So, I would say it's a range, right. You can do this like $1.75 billion to $2.4 billion type range of capital, all depending on your F&D cost that you have in a portfolio for us at our current production levels. So, we're producing 120 million, 130 million barrels a year. So, just using F&D and cost from that range can get you that general type of CapEx level. Now, we can certainly lower that CapEx level and maintain like kind of cash flow neutrality if we wanted to do that, but that would affect your long-term production growth.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Sure. Understand. I guess, for next year, what is the remaining spending for Stampede and North Malay going to be?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Sure, so we went into the year basically with about $700 million on both of these projects as a budget, $375 million on North Malay Basin, $325 million on Stampede. The North Malay Basin number will come down. So, we'll update you and give you the more specific number in January, but it's going to come down because as we said, it's going to start production in the third quarter. Now the Stampede number will go up because we have a second drilling rig coming into the field in January. And then once again, as we put our capital budget together in January, we'll update you on the specific numbers.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But, that combined is probably still pretty close to about $700 million then, right. Because what you go down in North Malay probably offset by the increase in Stampede, I presume?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. You don't want to be specific, but it would be  it's going to be in that range again just because there will be an increase in Stampede and a reduction in North Malay Basin. But obviously once the third quarter starts, we're beginning to get cash flow out of North Malay Basin. And that's really the key again for us, is this 35,000 barrels a day comes in in 2018 and they go from using $700 million of cash to generating cash, so we're getting that big cash flow inflection point for us coming in 2018 on.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Right. And just curious, I mean, that in the $1.75 billion to $2.4 billion, whatever is that number there, is on the 2017 budget. That in the past, given  particularly given now that you have no sizeable debt maturity until 2027, on a going forward basis, that if oil price rise and cash flow from operations start to be in excess of that level, should we assume you will eventually run a cash flow-neutral model, so whatever is the increase in the cash flow exceeding that level will get put back into the exploration or that into the CapEx, or that is not a totally good assumption?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: It goes back to what John Hess had said earlier, right. There is a balance of how we would use the additional cash flow. So, with our portfolio, you know we're oil-weighted, so a $1 move in oil prices gives us on an annual basis approximately $70 million of additional cash flow. So, we are in a position to really, with the recovery in oil prices, to benefit from it. So what we'll then do is go look at our short-term, our medium-term, and our long-term growth options that we know we have some very good return opportunities there, but we'll balance that with our balance sheet and making sure that stays strong and providing returns to shareholders. So, it will be a mix and we'll continually look at that mix to optimize it as we move forward.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And two final questions for me. One, Utica, I'm surprised that you actually would be slightly up sequentially, given you are no longer drilling any more wells. Just, Greg, are you start seeing the decline over there and what kind of recovery should we assume?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Paul, so on the  you know, if we look at how we've able to hold production flat, although we had a drilling break, we brought 14 new wells online in the second quarter and nine wells in the first quarter, so you're seeing that really carry-over of those wells that we completed in the second quarter, those five wells, sorry. So, just to be clear again, we brought 14 new wells online in 2016, nine wells in the first quarter and five wells in the second quarter, so, you're seeing some carryover there. We anticipate the decline will come and it will probably come in the fourth quarter and first quarter next year is when we'll start to see that decline.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: If you continue not going to have any rig over there, what kind of decline rate should we assume?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Just take a typical type curve in the Utica and you can predict pretty easily what that decline is going to be, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. That's fine. All right, thank you.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen of Heikkinen Energy. Your line is now open.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Good morning, guys. And that was helpful. I don't think you're going to get into these details yet, but the first phase of sanctioning at Liza, how would you describe Phase I, or is it just too early in your FEED studies to even get into, like how  the scope and size of the development of upwards of 1.4 billion barrels?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think at this point, it's just too early. Obviously, as John said, the reservoir is in the upper end of the range and we're doing all kinds of development studies to try and figure out the most optimum way to begin development of the reservoir, so stay tuned, more to come.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: And then with North Malay coming online next year, can you talk about the annual impact of amount of capital that you invested and then the flip of amount of cash flow, I know it's a half-year basis most likely, but like what that does to operating costs or just an absolute cash generation for the company, as that 50% comes online?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Sure. So when it comes online in the third quarter, the North Malay Basin field itself will carry very low cash cost. So from a cash cost standpoint, it's going to have a positive impact on our overall portfolio. Now the price is linked to high sulfur fuel oil there and it is only on a month lag, so is going to react to oil prices. And depending on where oil prices are  the amount of cash flow we get will increase or decrease depending on what's happening with oil prices. However, we do expect then as that's the third quarter coming in and then with Stampede coming on in 2018, I mean, I think the broader picture is, we're utilizing $700 million of cash right now and not getting any cash flow back. In 2018, that flips so; we're getting a  at least a pickup of $700 million of cash flow from those two projects. And again depending on prices, how much excess cash flow we get we'll see once we get to 2018. But again, that's why we're always looking and focus on keeping our balance sheet strong through 2017 whereas in 2018, we get this additional cash flow coming into our portfolio.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: And then just on a very detailed question, your fourth quarter capitalized interest in G&A, do you have an expectation for that?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: It should be  it will be the same because our capitalized interest right now is related to the Stampede project, so that will actually continue along until Stampede starts up.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Okay. Perfect. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you. Firstly, just a hopeful one on Guyana, when could we expect first production based on an FID next year?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: I think the best thing to do is refer that to the operator.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: That's what I'm  what I might end up with, I understand. Could you talk a little bit about firstly your hedging positioning, if there's anything to add there. Secondly, as far as I understand that you're planning to accelerate activity next year, but also maintain a strong balance sheet and I assume that would mean spending within cash flows. Are you therefore assuming higher oil prices next year or how do I square that circle? Thanks.
Unknown Speaker: Yeah. The prices we're assuming and we'd give further definition on that when we announce our budget next year in January, is prices in the current range, priority is going to keep the balance sheet strong and our activity levels will reflect keeping that balance sheet strong. So further guidance and specifics, we'll give you in January.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Anything on hedging, John?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yes. So right now, we do not have any hedges outstanding and we continue to look at hedges on a regular basis and we'll assess whether to add them as we've done in the past. Basically it's insurance to ensure funding of our capital projects. So then as John mentioned, as we look in 2017 and seeing where prices are, if we begin to put more capital back to work or add more drilling rigs in the Bakken, we will be considering adding hedging at that point as insurance.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Clear. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jeff Campbell of the Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. My first question was with regard to the Bakken and the increase to 50 stages in the standard completion design. I was just wondering, do you anticipate any alteration of your current well spacing assumptions on pads as a result of the more intensive completions?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, we don't. Based on the  on our current reservoir studies, with this completion design, we think that's the optimum. Now having said that, we've done a few very close, even closer space pilots and we're waiting on the results of those. So it's too early to speculate one way or the other. But right now, we believe that nine in eight configuration, with the 500 foot well spacing, with 50-stage fracs appears to be the optimum. As we said though, we're going to continue to push that stage count higher if we can and we've just got a successful 60-stage trial in the ground. So we're excited about the possibilities there.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And just  to follow that up to make sure I understood that clearly. You have some spacing pilots that are tighter than 500 feet, with 50 stages being tested, we just don't have the results yet. Is that correct?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: No. Those are actually lower stage count, but we're monitoring those wells closely to see, can we see breakthrough. So far we haven't, but we need a lot more data before we can be definitive.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. That was helpful. I was just wondering can you update on the Gulf of Mexico production outlook over the next several quarters. Specifically are the valve problems behind you and what's the production recovery arc?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. So if we  as we mentioned in our remarks, there is two kind of two events that are going to happen, the first thing is on Conger. We'll get that defective valve replaced, and it will come, that well will come back online in the first quarter of 2017. As we move to Tubular Bells, there is two events that are going on there, well, actually three. First of all, we're going to commence water injection this quarter. Secondly, we have a fifth producer that will come online in the first quarter of 2017 and then finally, we'll get that third defective valve replaced in the fourth quarter and the well will come online in the first quarter. And so, that's how it kind of lays out on Conger and the T-Bells. The rest are pretty much just in run-and-maintain mode, run for cash.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. And if I could ask a last one real quick. I just wondered if you could add a little bit of color on Skipjack. Just was it simply a non-commercial well or did it fail to find any kind of hydrocarbons (58:07) in the system there? And just how the Skipjack result has an effect, if any, on any other potential exploration targets in the area?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Okay. So, I think, as the operator said, the Skipjack well didn't find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons, but did find the same excellent quality reservoir that was seen in the Liza well. So, how we think about this in the context of the whole block is, again, this is a giant block, it's 1,150 Gulf of Mexico blocks. We're in the very early stages of the exploration program and we continue to see numerous additional prospects and play types on the block. And we haven't even processed all the seismic yet. So, we still remain very excited about the potential of the block and try to get that (58:56).
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Great. Well, that was helpful. Thanks very much for answering my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of John Herrlin of Socit Gnrale. Your line is now open.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale: Yeah. Thanks. Most things have been asked. In the third quarter, you had a $16 million dry hole cost, was that all Skipjack?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes. It was, John.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale: Okay. Thanks, John. Regarding Payara or however you want to pronounce, your next exploration well in Guyana, is it a similar structure, Greg, morphologically or is there anything you can talk about for that?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: No, very similar stratigraphic trap and same kind of reservoir sequence as the other Liza wells.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question, guys. No one's asked yet about the MLP. The last time you updated the S-1 was, I believe, last December, but you're obviously talking about accelerating Bakken activity next year. As that materializes, will you also kind of accelerate perhaps the process towards taking the MLP public?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Right. So just as  at a high level, the Midstream business itself, it's executing well as you can see from our numbers, the Hawkeye project will kind of  we're working to completion and that will come online in 2017. Market conditions obviously are getting better. And as you mentioned and John has mentioned earlier that we are making our initial preparations on increasing our drilling activity in the Bakken. And I think when you put all those together and we start increasing our drilling there in the Bakken, it does fit nicely into a timeline then for the MLP IPO.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then just kind of conceptually, if and when Hess Midstream ends up becoming a public company, will you limit it to Bakken assets exclusively? Or would you consider adding or broadening its asset base towards other aspects of your domestic Midstream portfolio outside the Bakken?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yes. I mean, we'll obviously talk about this as it gets further in the process. But there is no restriction for the Midstream to just be in our North Dakota business.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, Arun Jayaram, JPM. Just a couple real quick ones. Assuming the upper end of the resource range at Liza, guys, how many phases would that potentially include? You talked about potentially sanctioning Phase I in 2017, but how many potential phases could that include?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: I would direct those questions to ExxonMobil, the operator.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Fair enough, fair enough. And my only other question, Malay comes online in the third quarter. Could you give us a sense of how the ramp could like in terms of getting to a full production there?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, so I think again it will reach plateau at 165 million cubic feet a day and the fact that we're pre-drilling most of the producers, that should be a pretty steady ramp.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: And what quarter would you anticipate, I guess, getting to full production, is it fourth quarter, first quarter of 2018?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: We'll begin ramping in the third quarter, so probably fourth quarter.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Fourth quarter, okay. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Guy Baber of Simmons. Your line is now open.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Good morning, everybody. Thanks for fitting me in here, at the end of the call. The E&P CapEx has been consistently coming in below guidance, pretty much every quarter. Can you guys just discuss the drivers there? To what extent is that activity-driven, perhaps offshore versus efficiency capture, deflation capture, just curious what you're seeing with those savings. And then I had one follow-up.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Sure, Guy, day in and day out, right now, we are focused on reducing costs, both on an operating basis as well as capital. So the biggest driver of the reduction in capital because we'd already had the activity reductions basically budgeted in or especially when we updated the forecast guidance, so it really has been efficiencies here and just continuing to look at better ways of doing things and reducing costs from that standpoint.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. And then the international offshore CapEx, it looks like you've basically cut off spending to a good portion of your base international offshore assets. Is that something you are comfortable continuing to do through 2017 or do those base assets need to attract a bit more capital and is there anything new to share at Valhall, South Arne, for example?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Right. So, as we talked about, we, across our portfolio, have very good return opportunities, both onshore and offshore. But the way we are thinking about allocating capital here as the prices come back and we've mentioned it is we are now initially preparing for increasing capital to the Bakken. So, that's going to have our first call on capital will be going to the Bakken. Then again now as prices continue to move and as you know, $1 move for us is $70 million of annual cash flow, we'll begin to look across the portfolio and there are opportunities across our offshore portfolio that we could increase capital to. So, it will be something that we'll be looking at and balancing it with where our balance sheet is and commodity prices are and returns to shareholders, but there's very good returns across our portfolio.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: And I think the only thing I'd add there is, there were logical drilling breaks both in EG and South Arne associated with processing additional 4D seismic and ocean bottom seismic. So, those were logical, technical drilling breaks and we're in the process of evaluating all that data.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Great. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hey, guys. Sorry for lining up again, but I wanted to dig into the fourth quarter production guidance because when I was asking my question, the slides were not yet posted. Can you just walk us through what is driving the drop sequentially, oil versus gas, planned versus unplanned versus declines because the Bakken seems to be relatively stable and I appreciate that? Thanks.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So if you're starting with our third quarter, the 314,000 barrels per day, we're going to get an increase, about 11,000 barrels a day combined from JDA and South Arne. As Greg had mentioned in his comments earlier, JDA will get back above 30,000 barrels a day because the booster compression tie-in work that we had in the second quarter and South Arne did have a turnaround as well. So we're getting a pickup there. That increase though is being offset and slightly even more, there is going to be a reduction of about 12,000 barrels a day, as it relates to, as we talked about Utica. Utica is going to be start declining, we're not bringing, we're not drilling and bringing any wells online there. The Bakken, as you mentioned, is still going to  it's going to come off the 107,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and the decline with the two rigs. And in EG, we do have a bit of our normal entitlement change that we have in the fourth quarter as you get through the year of your cost recovery. So combined Utica, EG and Bakken will be down about 12,000 barrels a day. Then you have the 1s and 2s, across the portfolio again, where we're not drilling and that comes to approximately 8,000 barrels a day there, just things in the Gulf of Mexico, as Greg mentioned. So that's where we get to this approximate of about 305,000 barrels a day in the fourth quarter.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So John, just to be clear, the Utica is obviously mainly gas. So what is the Utica contribution for that  that makes difference in your cash margins obviously?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: About  I'd say about 5,000 barrels a day will be in the Utica to  it will start declining here significantly with no activity happening in the Utica.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Helpful. Thanks, guys.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Sure.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that is all the time we have for questions today. Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President-Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Guy A. Baber IV - Simmons & Company John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2016 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Chanel and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning everyone, and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the risk factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on today's conference call we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will provide an update on the progress we continue to make in managing in the low oil price environment while preserving our long-term growth options. Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance from the quarter, and John Rielly will review our financial results. Our company is well-positioned for the current price environment and for the eventual recovery in oil prices. We have one of the strongest balance sheet and liquidity positions among our peers, a resilient portfolio, and an exceptional long-term growth outlook. In terms of our balance sheet, we started 2016 by reducing our E&P capital and exploratory budget to $2.4 billion, 40% below our 2015 spend and cut activity across our producing portfolio, both onshore and offshore. Since then we have continued to pursue further capital reductions. In the second quarter of 2016, we reduced E&P capital and exploratory expenditures by 52% from the second quarter of last year to $485 million. We now project our full-year 2016 capital and exploratory expenditures to be $2.1 billion, about 48% below 2015 levels and $300 million lower than our previous forecast. Efforts are under way to make further reductions as well. We have the balance sheet and liquidity necessary to invest in our future growth. Our three growth projects will make us a much stronger company in the next few years in terms of visible production and cash flow growth as well as improving returns. As you know, we are investing about $700 million in 2016 in two offshore developments, North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand and Stampede in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. These two projects, which will come online in 2017 and 2018 respectively, will add a combined 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, and go from being sizable cash users to significant long-term cash generators for the company. In terms of our third major growth project, offshore Guyana, on June 30, Hess and co-venture partner and operator ExxonMobil announced positive results from the Liza-2 well in the Stabroek block. The results confirmed a world-class oil discovery, one of the largest in the last 10 years, with estimated recoverable resource for the Liza discovery of between 800 million and 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent. We believe the Stabroek block has the potential to materially contribute to our resource base and future production growth and create significant value for our shareholders. On July 17, the operators spud the Skipjack well, which is a separate but similar prospect located approximately 25 miles to the northwest of the Liza-1 well. We expect to have the results from this well by our next conference call. Following the Skipjack well, the operator intends to drill a third well at Liza to further appraise the discovery. In addition, predevelopment activities are under way, and we look forward to working with our partners and the government of Guyana to move this exciting discovery towards a commercialization decision. We believe Liza will offer very attractive economics and expect the call on capital next year to be manageable, given our strong cash position. As plans progress, we will continue to keep you informed. Turning to our financial results, in the second quarter of 2016 we posted a net loss of $392 million. On an adjusted basis, the net loss was $335 million or $1.10 per common share, compared to an adjusted net loss of $147 million or $0.52 per common share in the second quarter of last year. Compared to the second quarter of 2015, our financial results were negatively impacted by lower crude oil and natural gas selling prices and sales volumes, which more than offset the positive impacts of lower cash costs and DD&A. Net production averaged 313,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, compared to net production of 386,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter, pro forma for last year's sale of our Algeria asset. While we continue to have strong performance from the Bakken, overall company production during the quarter was primarily affected by unplanned downtime due to subsurface safety valve failures in related remediation work at the Tubular Bells field and a mechanical issue at one well in the Conger field both in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, planned shutdowns at several offshore fields, including Tubular Bells and Valhall field in Norway, and reduced capital investment as compared with last year. Due to the unplanned downtime at the Tubular Bells and Conger fields, which Greg will address in more detail, we are revising our overall company production forecast for 2016 to a range of 315,000 to 325,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya, from our previous guidance of 330,000 to 350,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Turning to the Bakken, net production in the second quarter of 2016 averaged 106,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 119,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day during the second quarter of 2015, reflecting our reduced drilling program. Through the use of lean manufacturing techniques, our Bakken team continues to drill some of the lowest-cost and most productive wells in the play. Notably, during the second quarter, we reduced drilling and completion costs 14% from the year-ago quarter to an average of $4.8 million per well, even as we shifted from 35-stage to 50-stage wells, which is delivering a 15% to 20% uplift in initial production rates. For full-year 2016, we are narrowing our Bakken production forecast to a range of 100,000 to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, representing the upper end of our previous guidance of 95,000 to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our focus remains on value, not volume, and we do not believe that accelerating production or drilling up our best locations in the current low price environment is in the best interest of our shareholders. While our Bakken acreage can generate attractive returns at current low prices, we will remain disciplined and begin to increase activity there when oil prices approach $60 per barrel. As we see that a price recovery is sustained, we will also then resume drilling activities in the Utica and offshore, where we have numerous high return investment opportunities. In summary, we have one of the strongest balance sheets and most attractive long-term growth profiles among our peers. We remain confident in our ability to manage through the current environment and deliver strong production and cash flow growth as oil prices recover. Our resilient portfolio provides an attractive mix of short-cycle and long-cycle growth options, including an unparalleled position in the Bakken, two significant offshore developments that will become cash generators starting in 2017 and 2018, and the recent world-class oil discovery in Guyana that has the potential to create material value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, John, and good morning everyone. I'd like to provide an update on our progress in 2016 as we continue to execute our E&P strategy. As John said, we are focused on maximizing value, not volume, and have reduced our drilling program to levels that allow us to manage near-term cash flow, while maintaining our operating capabilities in the current low price environment. When oil prices approach $60 per barrel, we will begin to ramp up activity, starting with the Bakken. As the price recovery is sustained, we will then resume drilling activities in the Utica and offshore. However, given that oil prices have remained below $50 per barrel, we have further reduced our 2016 E&P capital and exploratory budget to $2.1 billion from our previous guidance of $2.4 billion, which represents a 48% reduction from 2015. This decrease reflects our continuing focus on reducing costs across our portfolio. Now moving to production, in the second quarter, we averaged 313,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was below our guidance of 320,000 to 325,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day for the quarter. As discussed on our last call, we had a series of extended planned shutdowns at the Valhall field in Norway and at the Tubular Bells and Conger fields in the Gulf of Mexico during the second quarter. In addition, we experienced a mechanical issue that affected one well at the Conger field and had further downtime at the Tubular Bells field to replace a second defective subsurface safety valve. In July, we have experienced a third subsurface safety valve failure. We are actively pursuing legal claims against the vendor who provided the defective valve at Tubular Bells. The third valve failure at Tubular Bells and the mechanical issue with the Conger well will be remediated in the fourth quarter. These issues, along with decreased investment levels, led us to reduce our full-year 2016 production guidance to 315,000 to 325,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. We forecast companywide production in the third quarter to average between 310,000 and 315,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Our third quarter forecast reflects planned downtime at the JDA in the Gulf of Thailand, the South Arne field in Denmark, and the mechanical issues at Tubular Bells and Conger, as well as hurricane contingency in the Gulf of Mexico and reduced investment levels. While preserving the strength of our balance sheet in the current environment is crucial, it is equally important for us to be well-positioned for a price recovery by maintaining both our operating capabilities and the opportunities to drive future profitable growth. It is therefore significant to Hess that at the end of June ExxonMobil announced the drilling results from the Liza-2 well, the second well in the Stabroek block, offshore Guyana, in which Hess holds a 30% interest. The Liza-2 well encountered more than 190 feet of oil-bearing sandstone reservoirs in upper Cretaceous formations. After successfully concluding an extensive well evaluation program and extended production test, ExxonMobil confirmed Liza as a world-class discovery with a recoverable resource of between 800 million and 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent. The Stabroek block extends to 6.6 million acres, and on July 17, we spud an exploration well on a second prospect, Skipjack, located approximately 25 miles northwest of Liza. We remain excited not only about the Liza discovery but the wider opportunity set on this block, which has the potential to be transformational to our company. Turning now to unconventionals, net production from the Bakken averaged 106,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day for the quarter, in line with the guidance of 100,000 to 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day given on our first quarter call. We maintained an average of three Bakken rigs in the second quarter. We plan to drop to two rigs in August and will begin to increase activity when oil prices approach $60 per barrel. Over 2016, we now expect to drill 65 wells and bring 90 new wells online. In the first half of 2016, we drilled 39 new wells and brought 57 new wells online, and we plan to drill 26 new wells and bring 33 online in the second half of the year as the lower rig count takes effect. In the second quarter, our average drilling and completion cost was $4.8 million per well. I'm very proud of our Bakken team, who has driven down D&C costs by 14% versus the year-ago quarter, even as we transition from our previous 35-stage completion design to our new 50-stage completion design. With the higher stage count, we expect to see 30-day IP rates of over 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second half of 2016 and expect that these wells in the core of the play will show a 7% uplift in EUR per well. As a result of the increased productivity and EUR, and lower drilling and completion costs, we have significantly increased the number of well locations that are economic at lower prices. Because of our continued strong performance, we are narrowing our full-year 2016 net production guidance for the Bakken to 100,000 to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, at the upper end of the 95,000 to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day range that we provided in January. Moving to the Utica, the joint venture has drilled no new wells since we released the rig we had operating in the play in early March. Net production for the second quarter averaged 29,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 22,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter. Similar to our Bakken position, our Utica activity is focused in the core of the play. Because the acreage in the core is held by production, we can reduce activity in the short term and preserve optionality and longer term upside. We plan to run the asset for cash in 2016 and to resume drilling following a sustained recovery in commodity prices. As a result of applying our distinctive lean manufacturing approach, over the past few years we've been able to reduce our Utica drilling cost per foot by approximately 75% and our completion costs per stage by approximately 50%. Using competitor benchmarking, we know that we are achieving some of the lowest D&C costs and drilling some of the longest laterals in the play. These advances position us well to restart activity when prices improve. Now turning to the offshore and the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 54,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. At the Conger field, a mechanical failure on one well resulted in the loss of 4,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of production during the second quarter. As I mentioned earlier, this well will be worked over in the fourth quarter. At our Tubular Bells field, in which Hess holds a 57.1% working interest and is operator, net production averaged 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter, due to the remediation work on the second well with a defective valve and a 35-day shutdown to allow for the tieback of Noble's Gunflint to the Williams-owned facility. As mentioned previously, in July we experienced another valve failure on a third well. This well will remain shut in until completion of remediation work in the fourth quarter. As a result of the cumulative downtime in 2016 from the three valve failures, we have reduced our full-year 2016 net production guidance for Tubular Bells to 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. A fifth production well at Tubular Bells was spud mid-June, which is scheduled to be brought online in early 2017, and we anticipate starting water injection in the third quarter. In Norway, at the BP-operated Valhall field, in which Hess has a 64% interest, net production averaged 19,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. The planned annual turnaround was completed on schedule in early July. In June, BP and Aker announced the creation of a new operating entity, Aker BP ASA. We look forward to working with the new partner to deliver further operational efficiencies and value from future development. At the South Arne field in Denmark, which Hess operates with a 61.5% interest, net production averaged 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day over the quarter. Looking forward, a 20-day planned maintenance shutdown is scheduled in the third quarter. At the Malaysia-Thailand joint development area in the Gulf of Thailand, in which Hess has as a 50% interest, net production averaged 236 million cubic feet per day in the second quarter. There is a scheduled 15-day shutdown in the third quarter to commission the new booster compressor. Moving to developments, at North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, in which Hess has a 50% working interest and is operator, second quarter net production averaged 33 million cubic feet per day through the early production system and is expected to remain at about this level through 2016. In the second quarter, we installed three wellhead platforms and a jacket for the central processing platform. We also successfully drilled the first eight of 11 wells for Phase I of the full field development project, which is expected to increase net production to 165 million cubic feet per day following startup in 2017. At the Stampede development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, in which Hess holds a 25% working interest and is operator, the hull left the manufacturing yard in South Korea on schedule. Fabrication and precommissioning of the topsides continue according to plan, and drilling operations continue to progress. First oil remains on schedule for 2018. In closing, while the second quarter has been challenging as a result of continued low oil prices and short-term production issues, we remain confident in our resilient portfolio and strong long-term growth outlook, which includes our offshore development projects at North Malay Basin and Stampede, our premier positions in the Bakken and Utica, our high margin chalk reservoir positions at Valhall and South Arne, and our position in Guyana, which represents a world-class opportunity. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the second quarter of 2016 to the first quarter of 2016. The corporation incurred a net loss of $392 million in the second quarter of 2016, compared with a net loss of $509 million in the first quarter. Our adjusted net loss, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, was $335 million in the second quarter of 2016. Turning to exploration and production, on an adjusted basis, E&P incurred a net loss of $271 million in the second quarter of 2016 compared to a net loss of $451 million in the first quarter of 2016. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted results for E&P between the second quarter and the first quarter of 2016 were as follows. Higher realized selling prices improved results by $155 million. Lower sales volumes reduced results by $31 million. Lower DD&A expense improved results by $36 million. Lower production expenses improved results by $9 million. Lower exploration expenses improved results by $8 million. All other items improved results by $3 million for an overall decrease in the second quarter net loss of $180 million. In the second quarter, our E&P operations were over lifted compared with production by approximately 1.7 million barrels, which had the effect of decreasing our second quarter net loss by approximately $5 million. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, was a benefit of 47% in the second quarter of 2016 compared with a benefit of 41% in the first quarter. Turning to Bakken Midstream, second quarter net income of $11 million decreased from $14 million in the first quarter, primarily due to higher DD&A and interest expense. EBITDA for the Bakken Midstream, excluding the non-controlling interest, amounted to $68 million in the second quarter of 2016 compared to $70 million in the first quarter. Turning to corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $75 million in the second quarter of 2016 compared to $72 million in the first quarter. The increase resulted from higher professional fees and other miscellaneous expenses. Turning to cash flow for the second quarter, net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $257 million. The net decrease in cash resulting from changes in working capital was $60 million. Additions to property, plant, and equipment were $615 million. Proceeds from asset sales were $80 million. Net debt repayments were $43 million. Common and preferred dividends paid were $89 million. All other items resulted in an increase in cash of $8 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $462 million. Excluding the Bakken Midstream, we had cash and cash equivalents of $3.1 billion, total liquidity, including available committed credit facilities of $7.7 billion, and total debt of $5.9 billion at June 30, 2016. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio excluding the Bakken Midstream was 23.5%. Now to provide additional third-quarter and full-year 2016 guidance, first for exploration and production. We project cash costs for E&P operations to be in the range of $16 to $17 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and $16 to $17 per barrel for the full year of 2016, which is up from previous guidance of $14.50 to $15.50 per barrel. The increase in full-year guidance is due to workovers required at Tubular Bells and Conger and the impact of fixed costs spread over lower production volumes. DD&A per barrel is forecast to be $28 to $29 per barrel in the third quarter and $27 to $28 per barrel for the full year of 2016, which is down from previous guidance of $28.50 to $29.50 per barrel. The decrease in full-year guidance is due to the change in the mix of production. As a result, total E&P unit operating costs are projected to be in the range of $44 to $46 per barrel in the third quarter of 2016 and $43 to $45 per barrel for the full year. The Bakken Midstream tariff expense is expected to be $4.10 to $4.20 per barrel for the third quarter of 2016 and $3.80 to $4 per barrel for the full year of 2016 versus prior guidance of $3.55 to $3.95 per barrel, reflecting lower total production volumes. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $60 million to $70 million in the third quarter and $260 million to $280 million for the full year, consistent with previous guidance. The E&P effective tax rate is expected to be a deferred tax benefit in the range of 42% to 46% for the third quarter and 41% to 45% for the full year of 2016, consistent with previous guidance. For Bakken Midstream, we estimate net income attributable to Hess from the Bakken Midstream segment, which reflects our 50% ownership, to be in the range of $10 million to $15 million in the third quarter and $40 million to $50 million for the full year of 2016, consistent with previous guidance. Turning to corporate, we expect corporate expenses net of taxes to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million for the third quarter of 2016 and $100 million to $110 million for the full year of 2016, which is down from previous guidance of $110 million to $120 million. We anticipate interest expense to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million for the third quarter of 2016, and $195 million to $205 million for the full year of 2016, which is down from previous guidance of $205 million to $215 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning everybody. Greg, I wonder if I could touch on the issues in the Gulf of Mexico? Obviously, when you gave guidance at the end of the first quarter, some of these issues were already known, so I'm just trying to understand how much of the incremental problems occurred post the first quarter. And if possible, can you speak to the production capacity in the Gulf going into next year? Is that impacted in any way or is the capacity basically  what would you expect the (30:44) capacity to recover to, I guess is what I'm trying to find out?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Thanks, Doug. Yeah. As we kind of said in our opening remarks now, we've had three subsurface safety valve failures in Tubular Bells. The second valve affected us in the second quarter and the third valve is going to affect us in the third quarter. And in addition to that, we had a mechanical failure at Conger that was unanticipated as well. So the net effect of that, if we look at kind of guidance for those assets, is about 15,000 barrels a day difference lowering of our guidance, and about 10,000 of that is at Tubular Bells and about 5,000 of that is at Conger. So, if we look at capacity going into the end of the year, we should be back up to that 70,000 to 75,000 barrels a day range in the Gulf of Mexico. So if you look  so again, going back to the guidance, it was actually about 15,000 on T-Bells and 5,000 on Conger. I said 10 and 5. It's actually 15,000 and 5,000. So that gives you a sense for how big the magnitude was of those two issues in the Gulf.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So the capacity really isn't  all things beyond the mechanical issues, the capacity shouldn't be impacted, got it.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: No.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Greg, just a quick follow-on to that, can you speak to the nature of any  what you would expect by way of compensation there? I mean is this a  do you have insurance losses or how does it work exactly?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Well, we're going  we've got our legal claims as we speak, and we're going to be going for the cost of the replacement valve. We're going to go for the cost of the remediation work and also lost profits due to downtime and finally attorney's fees. So we are going after it all.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. My follow-up, if I may, as you can imagine, is in Guyana. Realizing you're not the operator, to the extent you can, can you outline what your expectations are for Skipjack as it relates to the risk profile post-Liza? Is Skipjack a ranked wildcat? Has it been de-risked in some way? And any color you can offer in terms of your expectations now that you're there? Thanks.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, thanks, Doug. I mean clearly, we are extremely excited about the results at Liza again confirming a recoverable resource of between 800 million and 1.4 billion barrels. The well test at Liza was high quality, very good, confirmed the presence of high quality oil that we saw in Liza-1. We saw about 190 feet of oil-bearing sandstone in the Upper Cretaceous. And remember that the Liza-2 well was only 2 miles from the Liza-1 well. So all that taken in context means that the POSG of Skipjack has gone up substantially. So we're excited about it, and certainly the seismic signature looks very similar to the one on Liza, so but until we get a well in the ground we can't be 100% positive as to the outcome, but very encouraging, very excited.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Timing Greg, early September?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, we should have the result. I think we said in our remarks we should have the results of the well by our next quarterly conference call.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. All right. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: You mentioned in your comments that the call on capital for Guyana for 2017 is expected to be manageable. Can you talk more on how you expect to finance that, whether it would just be reflected in offsetting decreases in CapEx as other projects come online? Whether it would be debt to near liquidity, asset sales, or whether you would consider additional equity and if you have any sense of what you think that capital commitment might be next year?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, Brian. And I mean, as John mentioned, we do see this as being manageable at this point. Our current judgment is that the future spend will fit nicely in our portfolio as our major project spending and obligations on North Malay Basin and Stampede will be falling off over the next couple of years. And so by 2018 North Malay Basin and Stampede will have flipped from material cash users, as John said earlier, approximately $700 million this year, to cash generators. So just with the normal phasing with any development we see, this fits nicely in 2017 and then with more of the spending happening 2018 and beyond. And as we look at our portfolio at the capital for Guyana, and like you said, there are other capital that will be falling off in 2017, such as like in the Gulf of Mexico and some of the capital we had spent in Denmark this year. So it does fit nicely into 2017 and we project from our strong cash position that we can fund our capital, including our growth projects, through 2017, even in this low price environment with the current cash on hand.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thank you. And then on the revisions to your guidance, can you talk about the impact in more  and be more specific  in some greater specificity on the deferred activity? How much of that was responsible for the decrease in the capital budget versus cost savings? And where is that all  where is that all coming from? The same question as it relates to the production drop, although I may have pieced together it's 5,000 BOE a day based on earlier comments.
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So from just the $300 million that we've reduced our 2016 capital program, the majority of that reduction is due to cost reductions. Obviously, in this low price environment, we're day-in and day-out looking at cost reductions on the capital side and the operating side as well. So it really is across the whole portfolio. It's not like there's a big chunk in any individual area, so it's in exploration, it's in production, and it's in development. We have some deferred activity that we're just looking at from the price environment slipping out to 2017 as prices improve, but the majority is cost reductions.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, thanks. And was there an impact on the production guidance from that as well or was it all coming from the Gulf of Mexico issues?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It's minor on the production from the capital reductions. Obviously, we could put capital to work because we have great locations here in the Bakken to put capital to work at these prices, but it's not what we're going to do. We're emphasizing value over volumes, and we won't ramp up until prices really get close to $60, because we think that's a better economic decision.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And that's despite the number  despite the increase in stages in the Bakken, despite the enhanced stage count there?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Correct. We just don't think it makes sense to accelerate that production right now, because you know, in the wells, in the first year of the well, it declines 70% in these unconventional reservoirs. So, again, we'd like to see higher prices before we bring on this good core of the core Bakken acreage.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you very much.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: I think those 50 stages really bode well though for the resumption of activity because, again, IP rates have gone up 15% to 20% and EURs are up 7%. So that will bode extremely well for ramp-up in activity.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Two unrelated questions, the Upstream magazine I think has reported that Skipjack has an even larger aerial extent than Liza. Maybe if you can sort of comment a little bit about Skipjack relative to Liza on a predrilled basis?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Ed, you'll have to talk to the operator about that. I will tell you that, on seismic, it looks very similar.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then on the Bakken, Schlumberger were talking last week about how much the industry is going to have to give back as a share of their cash flow to the service companies, as well as obviously put rigs back to work to get U.S. production to grow. Obviously that's a bit of a pitch from them. But how much risk do you think there is over time to your $4.8 million well costs in the Bakken as you go forward? Have you done any sensitivities to inflation levels?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. I think Ed  I think, as we've said before, obviously there could be some minor friction costs associated with a startup, but we've done a lot to try and preserve our lean manufacturing capability, particularly on the rig crews, by doubling up and tripling up so that we can really manage a smooth transition in a ramp-up. And then our belief is that, with our lean manufacturing gains continuing, that any friction costs we'll be able to cover just as we have in the past with using our lean manufacturing techniques.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then on the pressure pumping side with the attrition you're seeing in the fleet over time, say, not an issue for next year or the year after, but as you get into maybe 2018, I mean, how much would that add do you think, if you went back to normal margins?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. I think it's just too early to tell. I think there's going to be a lot of factors that drive those numbers, how much equipment is no longer available for service, how rapid is the ramp-up in the industry? There's a lot of moving pieces there that will determine how much that will ultimately be. But again, I think with lean manufacturing our aim and our goal is to cover as much of that as possible by using those techniques.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And finally  this may go back to the operator again, but what's the constraint on perhaps adding a rig in Guyana, because obviously exploration takes time, and rightfully so. But from an equity perspective, there's a lot of shale activity going on at the same time in other basins, so speed is something that investors sometimes want. So maybe just talk through the constraints. Is it geological or cash flow or other things in terms of adding a rig?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: No, I think we're in active conversations with the operator on the rig levels, both for next year for appraisal and development and all those things that we want to do and additional exploration. We're actively in conversations with the operator about that as we speak. And while next year's program still needs to be finalized, the focus definitely will be on exploration activities on the block as well as the predevelopment work, working with the partners and the government to move forward expeditiously on a commercialization decision on Liza.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen of Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors LLC: Thanks, guys. Actually E got my question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Asit Sen of CLSA. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC: Thanks. Good morning. So two questions, first on cost deflation and second a quick one on Bakken. On cost deflation, Greg or John, given your involvement in both short-cycle shale and the new upcoming long-cycle deepwater projects, I just wanted to get your sense of what you are seeing in terms of cost deflation or your visibility, given recent comments by the oil service majors. So that's number one. And what percent of your CapEx  I would imagine most of it over the next 12 months to 18 months is committed? And second on Bakken, Greg, could you remind us, how many rigs do you need to keep production flat?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Sure. So to hold production flat at broadly 100,000 barrels a day, we've said that we need four rigs to do that. Now, with the 15% to 20% uplift, the 50-stage fracks, it's probably somewhere between 300,000 and 400,000, as a result of that uplift. Regarding the cost reductions, I think obviously in the onshore, I think that's largely flattened out, so I think further cost reductions there will be minimal. The ones that we are accomplishing are due to lean manufacturing, which is continuing to chop out waste and inefficiency and all those things. And I want to really comment on that because if you think about our performance of delivering a $4.8 million well, a substantial reduction from the prior year and the prior quarter, that was while also increasing the stage count from 35 to 50. So that's a major performance improvement, and all of that was lean manufacturing. So I think that we'll continue in our operation to drive those costs down, because we know that there's even more efficiencies in spud-to-spud. And so we're going after those in earnest. In the offshore, I think there have definitely been some major price reductions, so rigs, boats, and all the associated equipment is down substantially. We're already seeing some of those benefits in Guyana, for example, on the rig rates and seismic boat rates and all that. And then the last kind of penny to drop I think is really the yards in Southeast Asia. So if you look at their capacity loading, it's going to drop substantially over the next 12 months. And I think that will open up another cost reduction opportunity. So for us, Guyana is coming almost at just the right time because you'll have low costs not only in drilling, but also in development if we sanction a project there for the development project as well.
Asit Sen - CLSA Americas LLC: Very helpful. Thanks Greg.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. good morning.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Good morning.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Greg, just curious that, have you guys got the process talking to your vendor and trying to extend the contract period and lock in some of the very cheap service cost today, or do you think you have time to wait?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: No. I think, Paul, we're beginning those conversations. As John mentioned, as prices approach $60, we all wonder when that will be, but as prices approach $60, we want to be ready for that ramp-up. So we're starting the conversations now with certainly our vendors in the onshore.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Are you going to, say, wait until that you see $55 plus before you sign those contracts or do you think you're going to sign those contracts relatively soon?
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: As we make those decisions Paul, we'll keep you informed.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. On the Tubular Bells, can you tell us that who is the vendor? And also that have you already gone through a detailed inventory track on everything that they have provided you to see if there's additional issues?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yes, we have, and the vendor is Schlumberger. Obviously it's extremely disappointing. It relates to some quality control and some of the components in the valves. And as I mentioned from the previous question, we are going to go after the cost of the replacement belts, the cost of the remediation work, lost profits due to downtime and all the attorney's fees. It's very disappointing.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And is Schlumberger also providing those safety valves for Stampede?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yes, but they've been upgraded. We've gone through those valves and they've been upgraded and the quality control problems have been fixed as far as we can tell.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And the next one is for John Rielly. John, the second quarter your cash flow from operations annual run rate is about $1 billion, and that's about $46 oil price. Is that a reasonable normal run rate given the pricing environment, or this is some positive or negative one-off adjustment that we need to make related to that run rate?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So for the run rate at that price from cash flow from operations only, the only adjustments that you would make, and that is we've had the additional remediation costs at Tubular Bells, so for that production, obviously affected by the shutdowns in the quarter, and then the additional cost for Tubular Bells remediation in the quarter, so you're in that $30 million to $40 million type range on that adjustment.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And either for Greg or John, talking about Liza, I know it's early stage, any kind of rough preliminary estimate what oil prices you need in order to generate a 15% internal rate of return for that project? And how is that comparing to the Conger discovery that you made?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: So it's early and I think this is the type of information that the operator will be giving out. So what are the benefits of Liza, let's just say, because we always want to make sure we talk about the difference of Guyana, and Liza in general, versus let's say offshore Gulf of Mexico Paleogene. So in offshore Guyana these wells are only 13,000 feet below the mud line, so 18,000 total depth. So the depth is much  is shorter than obviously the Gulf of Mexico so drilling wells will be cheaper. The reservoir is quite good, so we should get good flow rates out of Guyana for that. There is no salt cover, which one helps with imaging, as we were talking about the Skipjack prospect, but again takes casing strings out while we're drilling wells. So, again, that makes it better. And then the other thing from a  I can't talk about the particulars, but it is a PSC. So you get benefit obviously at lower prices with higher cost recovery. So putting all those together makes Guyana  I'm going to say completely different than the Gulf of Mexico and therefore in lower price environments Guyana competes. So I think beyond that you'll have to talk to the operator, and as we get to FID and Exxon puts out that costs and numbers like that, as when FID happens, you can get a better feel for those economics.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Can you give us a rough idea that what's the timeline when you decide whether you go for the early production system, or that  I mean, is there any timeline we should be watching?
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Obviously, Paul, as we mentioned before, predevelopment work is under way, so obviously it's underway because we and our partners and the government are encouraged that we have the type of information that we could move forward on a commercialization decision on Liza. And when we do, we will keep you informed.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. A final one, Greg, you haven't mentioned anything about Ghana and in terms of the discovery and that negotiation with the government. Any update there?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Sorry, my mic was off. As we've said before, we're really unable to proceed with the development of this license until there's a resolution of the border dispute. So we're continuing feed. We're continuing all the project work, and we're also in discussions with the government to modify the license deadlines with respect to the border dispute. And then once that situation is resolved, we'll be in the position to make an informed decision on where we go next.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And in Liza, that broad  when the exploration period will expire?
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's mid-2018 for the exploration period.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: 2018? Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great, thanks. Maybe a question on asset sales at this point. I mean, do you see a role for asset sales in helping to manage capital requirements over the next couple of years? Anything in the portfolio that you would see as potentially non-core at this point? And maybe part of that are you happy with your existing working interest at Guyana, or would you consider farming that down at some point?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Our first priority is to preserve the strength of our balance sheet and to fund the growth opportunities that we talked about. In that respect, we are really well-positioned with $3.1 billion of cash at the end of the second quarter. In the normal course of business, we're always looking to optimize our portfolio, be it selling assets, buying assets, but any of those opportunities would need to compete for capital against our existing attractive growth options, including the Bakken, Utica, North Malay Basin, Stampede, and obviously Guyana. So from an M&A perspective, buying or selling, it's lower on the priority list because of the cash position we have and the growth we've already captured.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay, thanks. And then maybe slightly related to that, your decision to  your decision on Sicily, I mean, is that just a reflection of allocation of scarce capital? Is it in line with your previous comments that you were talking about Guyana versus Gulf of Mexico development, or is there something about the asset that wasn't particularly attractive? And did you  was there an effort made to sell the position or are you just withdrawing from the position?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: So first of all, I think it was  it's a combination of factors, so it's the current price environment, the limited time remaining on the leases, and as you have intimated, we've got some great growth prospects in our portfolio. So as we kind of looked at Sicily in the context of our existing portfolio, we said, you know, it's going to struggle to compete for capital against all the great opportunities we have. So that's when we made the decision, even though we found hydrocarbons there and there's a lot of oil in place there, we made the decision to say, no, it's not going to compete in our portfolio, so we are not going to elect to do any more work on the block.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And did you try to sell that position or was it just an exit?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: No, it'll just be an exit. Yeah.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, guys. Thank you. You've covered a lot of ground here. One thing that intrigues me about Hess is the way your tax rate will essentially benefit you if prices rise. Can you talk a little bit about that? I think it's an important part of the bull case for Hess. Thank you.
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: You are absolutely right, Paul. So in the U.S. and in Norway, we've said we will not be paying cash taxes for the next five years because of the investments we've made in both of those countries. And quite frankly, with the way prices have been here recently, it's going to extend beyond five years. So we will benefit from that from a cash flow standpoint ,and we'll get that uplift. And it's part of the thing that we talk about, that like $1 right now is approximately $70 million of cash flow for us, or $10 obviously being $700 million. If you were looking at that from a results standpoint that would only be in the $45, $50 type range, the difference being the tax benefit and essentially that cash benefit that we have. So we will get that uplift when prices improve and we go back to drilling. And so from additional volumes and the cash flow that comes in, we'll get, if you want to say, increase because of the cash tax position that we're in.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood. And I know you've totally changed the subject to one you've talked a lot about already, but the Guyana situation is I think the press release especially coming from ExxonMobil is one of the most  biggest I've ever seen in terms of the use of the word world-class and the range of the prospect. Can you just talk a bit more about really how you see yourselves in terms of whether this is to let's say to throw up yet another potential development of a similar scale to Liza or another? Would you be looking to reduce your position or do you really want to run this one through and stay with the fact that you've got a world-class operator in such a material stake? I'm just struggling sort of to get my arms around the scale and how the scale relates to Hess and whether you can help us with  whether if it was within its current range, you would want to stay fully invested at the current level or if there's some sort of trigger point, just to help us out. Thank you.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. We're very comfortable staying at the current level, Paul. Obviously, this will take time to unfold as evaluation work and predevelopment work is done. We think the block has extraordinary potential, and that will be very good for our shareholders. And the work that we're doing we see it phased over time, so we see our ability to fund it to be manageable. We talked about next year and then John talked about the years after that. So with the visibility that we see so far, we should be fine from a funding perspective, as well as the fact that this is probably one of the best uses of our capital, so we will want to stay in.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. I understand that. Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. You touched on this briefly, but can you add any color regarding Aker BP operating Valhall once the merger is complete? I mean, is there some anticipation that this might prove superior to BP's operatorship in some way?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, I think it's  I think it's early to say actually. John and I met with the senior leadership of Aker BP and I will say that we left very encouraged. They have a culture similar to ours, meaning an independent, and they like to get after stuff and they're innovative. And in particular, they're practitioners of lean. And as you know, supplying lean on Valhall through BP has led to a substantial reduction in abandonment costs, well abandonment costs, by up to 50% as a result of applying lean, and then drilling costs for new wells on the order of 30% with much more to come. So we're excited about having another partner in this venture that also is a lean practitioner. We think there will be a lot of power in that in really driving down the cost and delivering value from Valhall.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. As you move towards commercialization of Liza, do you anticipate any special issues, bearing in mind that oil infrastructure development at Guyana is essentially going to be starting from scratch?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: No. None that you wouldn't have anywhere else. I mean, the oil will most likely be tankered so I don't foresee any issues there. And certainly things will be built probably in other parts of the world to get started. And so I don't think there's any particular concerns about Guyana.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you. And my last question is you've touched on it broadly. Your JV partner identified two completions and five timelines in Utica in the second quarter. And since your remarks even today suggest that the Bakken should generally attract capital before the Utica, can you add a little color as to how Utica attracted activity in the quarter?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yes. I think we had some wells that we completed in the quarter, so we brought  we completed two, and we bought five wells online in the second quarter. And that essentially completes the activity that we plan to do in the Utica this year. I always like to remind people, our Utica position is unique because it is in the core of the core, it is held by production, and it only has 5% royalty. So because of that, that really delivers superior economics even at low prices relative to the people around us. So just like the Bakken, as prices approach $60 and we see some margin improvement unique to the liquids in kind of the environment in the Utica, we would expect to get back to work in the Utica as well as the Bakken as we approach those numbers.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, great. Thanks very much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Guy Baber of Simmons. Your line is now open.
Guy A. Baber IV - Simmons & Company: Thanks for taking my question. Just as a follow-up to the last question, you mentioned the resumption of drilling at the Utica and offshore at a sustained higher price. Can you talk a little bit more about what price you need to see? I think you mentioned $60 sustainably before, but how you would look to deploy capital and where you would go first and what the order looks like? But it sounds as if Utica would be ahead of Gulf of Mexico infill drilling or other offshore infill drilling opportunities. Is that a fair comment?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: No, I think it  we'll evaluate it as the situation unfolds. I think the point is we've got an awful lot of profitable development opportunities in our portfolio, and how those shake out as prices improve, we'll answer that at that moment in time. It's going to be a function of rig rates and supply costs and all those things that go into economic decisions. But I think the point is that outside of the Bakken, we have exceptional opportunities to grow this business, not only in the Utica but also in our offshore assets, be it the Gulf of Mexico or the chalk assets in the North Sea. So as John said in his opening remarks, I do think we have an exceptional growth portfolio that can deliver outstanding growth as a function of price.
Guy A. Baber IV - Simmons & Company: Okay, great. And then I had two follow-ups on capital spending. You mentioned there were efforts underway to make further reductions to the $2.1 billion budget. Is there anything specific that you would call out, or is it just the continued application of lean manufacturing? And then secondly, as we think about the capital spending profile over the next couple of years, is it a fair characterization that you all are comfortable with CapEx above and beyond your cash inflows to a certain extent, just given the strength of the balance sheet and the strength of your growth projects?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So from the further capital reductions it is just continuing lean across our whole portfolio and organization just to drive out costs. So it's an ongoing kind of culture that we have to continue to drive down the cost. So that's really what that would be from a cost standpoint. As far as capital goes, it's early right now, so what we are talking about here is what we've been doing in 2016. And it's still early for us. And we'll give further updates here as we get into early 2017, especially on Guyana, because that will be a part of the growth capital that now gets added in. So what we'll be doing, we will be spending in Guyana, for all those reasons that we've talked about today on the returns that we believe we see in Guyana, so we'll be spending there. We'll be finishing North Malay Basin, and we'll be finishing Stampede to bring on that 35,000 barrels a day in 2018. So along with that, depending on where we see price moving to, if we don't see it moving more to $55, $60, you'll see more of the same of what we're doing in our portfolio right now. As prices move up, then we're going to start going back to those opportunities that Greg just talked about that we see across the portfolio.
Guy A. Baber IV - Simmons & Company: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin of Societe Generale. Your line is now open.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yes. Thank you. Most things have been asked, so I'll be brief. With the Bakken, with these 50-stage frack wells, how much sand and floats (65:29) are you putting down, Greg?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Sorry, my mic was off again. Per-stage proppant loadings, it ranges to where you are in the field. We really do it DSU by DSU, but on the order of 80,000 to 100,000 depending on where you are in the field. So that's kind of the proppant loading per stage.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks. And not to beat Liza into the ground, for your predevelopment activities, could you better characterize what they are, because I don't think people fully understand it?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: In Guyana you mean? Well, I think it's just the usual...
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yes right. Exactly. Are you arranging marine transportation? Are you looking at yards? What's the predevelopment activity right now?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think it's the usual pre-project, concept select, trying to figure out which concept you're going to have, potentially how many wells you're going to drill, how many producers, how many injectors, et cetera, et cetera. So that's all the predevelopment work that's going on.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Okay, thanks.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Two questions, the first one back to the approaching $60 number you mentioned. About a month ago, the 12-month strip for WTI was actually in the mid-50s. When you saw that, did you think maybe not take the extra rig off, going from three to two in August as you're currently planning? Was that ever under consideration?
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Look, we always look at different options to maximize value for our shareholders. But having said that, no, our commitment was to go down to two rigs to preserve cash, but also we think it's about value not volumes. And we really, at the end of the day, while you always think about making midcourse adjustments to maximize value, the decision was and it still is to go to two rigs. And then as prices start to improve, as the market rebalances, and I think the market is in the process of rebalancing because non-OPEC production is down, offset by OPEC production, but you're still growing demand in the world over 1 million to 1.5 million barrels a day, somewhere in that range, inventory draws are going to happen, probably accelerate in the fourth quarter. And with that we see that positive to prices starting to recover and going up. So as we get closer to $60, that's when we'll start putting plans in place to start to go up in our rig count in the Bakken. And we're sticking to that.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then second question about the Bakken MLP. So this year  or this month marks the one-year anniversary of your deal with Global Infrastructure Partners. Is it safe to say that you're going to want to stabilize your Bakken volumes before you move forward with the IPO? Is that part of the prerequisite to getting that done?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. So the way that we are looking at it right now, we are committed to doing the IPO. And so it is part of our plans to do that, us and our partner GIP, but it is when market conditions warrant. And so one is the MLP market itself, which has improved, but we will continue to watch that. And then it's exactly as you just said, Pavel. As from the oil price standpoint, to get the prices up, for us to put more rigs back to work and in this great position that we have in the Bakken, that's when we start to see that. And that growth combined with any improvements in the MLP market is when we would be looking at timing of that.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Appreciate, it guys.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram, of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah. Good morning. Arun Jayaram from JPM. Just a quick question on Tubular Bells. You guided to 10 for the year. Could you give us a sense of what you expect the exit rate to be at Tubular Bells once the remediation activities are completed, plus what the fifth well will do in terms of deliverability as we think about 2017?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Okay. So we'll give guidance here as we get into early 2017 on Tubular Bells and say where this next well is. But let me just give you general of where we are right now. So with the current wells and wells fee off, we're approximately around 15,000 barrels a day here producing at Tubular Bells. There will be a shutdown in the third quarter at T-Bells, and then we are not going to remediate this well C, which is approximately 5,000 barrels a day net to us in the fourth quarter. So just with that well you're getting to the 20,000 or a little above when we have the wells together. Then with this next producer we'll come on and we'll give you information, because we're not  I'm not sure exactly when that's going to come on at this point right now.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. That's fair enough. And just a quick follow-up, is the $300 million or so of capital that you took out of this year's budget where did that come from?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I was saying this earlier. So we did  it's basically the majority is cost reductions and it is literally across our portfolio. So there's not one significant item. It's in exploration, it's in production, and it's in development. So, again, the majority from that with some deferral of activity as well, so there's really no big names or big assets that I could point you to from that. It's just continuing to drive down costs across the portfolio.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-04-27 17:45:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President-Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States)
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2016 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Shannon, and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Vice President-Investor Relations: Thank you, Shannon. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Offer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. I will provide an update on the steps we are taking to manage in the low oil price environment and review some of the highlights from the quarter. Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance and John Rielly will review our financial results. Our strategy in this lower for longer price environment is guided by three principles: preserve our balance sheet, preserve our operating capabilities and preserve our growth options. To preserve our balance sheet, on February 4, we successfully executed a capital raise of $1.6 billion through common and mandatory convertible preferred stock offerings. These proceeds will keep our strong balance sheet strong in the low oil price environment and provide the financial flexibility to continue to invest in our growth projects, North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, Stampede in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and exploration offshore Guyana. Further to preserving the strength of our balance sheet, in January, we announced our 2016 capital and exploratory budget of $2.4 billion, 40% below 2015 levels. Our focus remains on value, not volume, and we do not believe that accelerating production in the current oil price environment makes sense. Rather, we have reduced activity levels across our producing portfolio, both onshore and offshore. Our Bakken rig count will be reduced from three rigs currently to two rigs during the third quarter and is expected to remain at this level until the WTI price is closer to $60 per barrel. In the Utica, our one drilling rig was released in March and no further drilling is planned this year. Offshore, we continued the drilling break in Norway and Equatorial Guinea and the rig at South Arne in Denmark is set to be released in the second quarter. In terms of our operating capabilities, we are delivering industry-leading performance as confirmed by third-party benchmarks, both in unconventionals and offshore drilling and development. Our resilient portfolio is linked to our top quartile operating capabilities and is balanced between unconventionals and offshore providing an attractive mix of short cycle and long cycle investment opportunities. This balanced portfolio also casts a wider net for future long-term growth options. Our portfolio is leveraged to oil and liquids, with industry-leading cash margins and advantaged tax positions in the U.S. and Norway that will accelerate cash flow growth as oil prices improve. In terms of our growth opportunities, we have leading positions in the Bakken and Utica shale plays; new field startups in North Malay Basin and Stampede, which combined are expected to add 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of new production over the next two years and by 2018 will become material cash generators; and recent exploration success in Guyana that has the potential to provide significant long-term value creation and growth. Turning to our financial results, in the first quarter of 2016, we posted a net loss of $509 million, or $1.72 per share compared to an adjusted net loss of $0.98 per share in the year-ago quarter. Compared to the first quarter of 2015, our financial results were negatively impacted by lower crude oil and natural gas selling prices and higher exploration expense which more than offset the positive impacts of lower cash costs and DD&A. While low crude oil prices significantly impacted our first quarter financial results, we delivered strong operational performance. Net production was at the high end of our guidance range, averaging 350,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to net production of 355,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter, pro forma for last year's sale of our assets in Algeria. Net production from the Bakken averaged 111,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter of 2016, above our guidance range. Our Bakken team reduced drilling and completion costs 25% from the year ago quarter to an average of $5.1 million per well. In summary, with our strong balance sheet, oil leveraged portfolio and attractive growth opportunities, we believe the company is well positioned to deliver strong cash flow growth and long term value as oil prices recover. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an update on our progress in 2016 as we continue to execute our E&P strategy. Starting with production, in the first quarter, we averaged 350,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, at the top end of our guidance range of 340,000 to 350,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and, once again, reflecting strong operating performance across our portfolio. In the second quarter, we expect net production to average between 320,000 barrels and 325,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting planned maintenance down time at Valhall and several of our deepwater Gulf of Mexico fields. As usual, we will provide an update to our full year production guidance on our mid-year call in July. Turning to operations, and beginning with the Bakken, our Lean Manufacturing approach has once again enabled us to deliver outstanding performance from one of the best core of the core positions in the play where we retain a substantial drilling inventory with attractive economics even at current prices. Despite reducing our Bakken rig count to an average of four rigs in the first quarter 2016 from 12 rigs in the year-ago quarter, net production from the Bakken averaged 111,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter compared to 108,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter. During the first quarter, we drilled 19 wells and brought 31 new wells online. This compares to the year-ago quarter when we drilled 60 wells and brought 70 wells online. We currently plan to maintain a three rig program through the second quarter, to release one rig during the third quarter and then operate two rigs for the remainder of the year. In 2016, we now expect to drill 62 wells and bring 87 new wells online. This compares to last year when we drilled 182 wells and brought 219 wells online. In the first quarter, our average drilling and completion cost was $5.1 million per well. We expect to be able to maintain this cost level over 2016 even as we transition from our previous 35-stage completion design to our new standard 50-stage completion design. This higher stage count is expected to deliver a 15% to 20% increase in initial production rates, and with our rigs focused in the core of the play, we expect our estimated ultimate recovery per well to move toward 1 million barrels of oil equivalent per day  oil equivalent in the latter part of 2016. We also continued to successfully execute our 17-well per DSU spacing pilots and still see the majority of the wells performing in line with type curves and with minimal interference. The combination of both higher overall type curve performance and higher density well spacing has allowed us to increase our estimated ultimate recovery from the Bakken from our previous estimate of 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent to 1.6 billion barrels of oil equivalent. For the second quarter, we forecast net Bakken production to average between 100,000 and 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to the Utica, in the first quarter, the joint venture drilled six wells and brought nine wells on production. Net production for the first quarter averaged 29,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 17,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter. Similar to our Bakken position, our Utica acreage is largely held by production, which allows us to reduce activity in the short term while preserving optionality and longer-term upside. While we benefit from our acreage being in the core of the play and a low 5% royalty, we released the one rig we had operating in the play in early March. As a result of applying our distinctive Lean Manufacturing approach, over the past several years, we have been able to reduce our drilling cost per foot by approximately 75% and our completion cost per stage by approximately 50% while at the same time drilling some of the longest laterals in the play. We plan to run the asset for cash in 2016 and to resume drilling following a sustained recovery in commodity prices and further third-party infrastructure build-out which will reduce the currently wide basin differentials. Now, turning to the offshore, at the Tubular Bells field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico in which Hess holds a 57.1% working interest and is operator, net production averaged 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter. During the quarter, we conducted the remediation work highlighted in our fourth quarter call, completing asset jobs at two wells. We are now moving the rig to replace a defective sub-surface valve that failed to open. This is the second failure of this type in the field, and we are working with the supplier to understand the root causes of the manufacturing defect. In the second quarter, we have an extended shutdown scheduled to tie back Noble's Gunflint field to the Williams owned host facility and we plan to spud a fifth producing well in the field. In early April, we also completed our first water injection well and we expect to commence injection in the third quarter. In Norway, at the BP operated Valhall field, in which Hess has a 64% interest, net production averaged 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter. The operator plans to commence an extended shutdown in the second quarter due to required maintenance work at the ConocoPhillips operated Ekofisk field. At the South Arne field in Denmark, which Hess operates with a 61.5% interest, we have completed the current phase of development drilling and do not plan to drill any additional wells in 2016. Net production averaged 14,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day over the quarter. At the Malaysia/Thailand Joint Development Area in the Gulf of Thailand in which Hess has a 50% interest, work continues on the Booster Compression project which remains on schedule for completion in the third quarter. Net production averaged 230 million cubic feet per day in the first quarter. Moving to developments, at North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, in which Hess holds a 50% interest and is operator, progress continues on full field development, 6 out of 11 development wells have now been drilled and drilling results to-date are better than expected. Net production from the early production system averaged 30 million cubic feet per day in the first quarter. Following completion of full field development in 2017, net production is planned to increase to approximately 165 million cubic feet per day. At the Stampede development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico in which Hess holds a 25% working interest and is operator, we successfully floated the top-side's main deck onto the production deck, set the whole structure into the offshore floating dock and installed the oil export line. Drilling operations are underway on the first production well and first oil remains on schedule for 2018. Moving to exploration, in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, Chevron operated Sicily-2 well in which Hess holds a 25% working interest, reached its target depth and results are currently being evaluated. Also in the Gulf of Mexico, the ConocoPhillips operated Melmar well in which Hess has a 35% working interest reached target depth in early April and logging operations are now complete. The well results are still being evaluated, but as non-commercial quantities of oil were encountered at the current location, the well was expensed in the quarter. In Guyana, in the Stabroek Block in which Hess holds a 30% interest, the operator, Esso Exploration and Production Guyana Limited, spud the Liza-2 well in February. This well is designed to further evaluate the significant Liza oil discovery and will include an extended drill stem test. We expect the operator to complete operations on the Liza-2 well late in the second quarter. Following the Liza-2 well, the operator intends to move the rig to test a separate prospect located approximately 25 miles northwest of Liza. We remain excited about the opportunity set on this block, which we believe could be material to our company. In closing, we have maintained excellent execution and delivery across our portfolio. We believe that our focus on preserving the strength of our balance sheet while also preserving our top quartile capabilities and growth options is the right strategy. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the first quarter of 2016 to the fourth quarter of 2015. In the first quarter of 2016, we reported a net loss of $509 million compared with an adjusted net loss of $396 million in the previous quarter. That excludes a net charge of $1.425 billion. Turning to Exploration and Production, E&P incurred a net loss of $451 million in the first quarter of 2016 compared to an adjusted net loss of $328 million in the fourth quarter of 2015. That excludes net charges totaling $1.385 billion. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted results for E&P between the first quarter of 2016 and the fourth quarter of 2015 were as follows. Lower realized selling prices reduced results by $187 million. Lower sales volumes reduced results by $4 million. Lower cash operating costs improved results by $28 million. Lower DD&A expense improved results by $71 million. Higher exploration expenses reduced results by $18 million. All other items net to a decrease in results of $13 million for an overall increase in the first quarter net loss of $123 million. In the first quarter, our E&P operations were over-lifted compared with production by approximately 500,000 barrels which did not have a material impact on first quarter results. The E&P effective income tax rate was a benefit of 41% for the first quarter of 2016 compared with the benefit of 38% in the fourth quarter, excluding items affecting comparability. Turning to Midstream, first quarter net income of $14 million increased from $11 million in the previous quarter, primarily due to lower operating costs. Bakken Midstream EBITDA excluding the non-controlling interest amounted to $70 million in the first quarter of 2016 compared to $67 million in the previous quarter. Turning to corporate and interest, after-tax corporate and interest expenses were $72 million in the first quarter of 2016 compared to $79 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 which excludes net charges totaling $32 million. The reduction resulted from lower professional fees and general and administrative costs. Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities before changes in working capital was $148 million. A net decrease in cash resulting from changes in working capital was $208 million. Additions to property, plant and equipment were $620 million. Net debt repayments were $12 million. Net proceeds from the issuance of common and preferred stock were $1.644 billion. Common stock dividends paid were $80 million. Other net amounted to a use of cash of $31 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the first quarter of $841 million. Turning to our financial position, we had approximately $3.6 billion of cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2016 and total liquidity, including available committed credit facilities, of approximately $8.3 billion. Excluding Bakken Midstream, total debt was $5.9 billion at March 31, 2016 and our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 23.1%. Now, turning to second quarter guidance; for E&P, we project cash costs for E&P operations to be in the range of $16.50 to $17.50 per barrel of oil equivalent, reflecting lower production and higher maintenance costs from the planned offshore facility shutdowns. DD&A per barrel of oil equivalent is forecast to be $26.50 per barrel to $27.50 per barrel, resulting in projected total E&P unit operating costs of $43 per barrel to $45 per barrel in the second quarter of 2016. The Bakken Midstream tariff expense is expected $3.75 to $3.85 per barrel of oil equivalent for the second quarter of 2016, while exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $70 million to $80 million. The E&P effective tax rate is expected to be a deferred tax benefit in the range of 42% to 46% for the second quarter. For Midstream, we estimate net income attributable to Hess from the Bakken Midstream segment, which reflects our 50% ownership, to be in the range of $10 million to $15 million in the second quarter. For corporate and interest, we expect corporate expenses net of taxes to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million and interest expense to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million in the second quarter of 2016. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: . Your first question comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse. You may begin.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Two operational questions, if I may. The first one, obviously, the move to 50-stage fracs and the raise to EURs, obviously, you gave good guidance in the supplementals about IPs and obviously we can see some of the state data, but when do you think the completions at the 50-stage frac will actually start to show up in the data? I appreciate there is some time lags, maybe some color about that? And then I have a follow-on about Guyana.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Okay. Thanks, Ed. If you look at the majority of the wells that we brought on in the first quarter of this year, the majority were 35-stage fracs, so we'll move into that 50-stage frac as we move through the year. And recall, we expect a 15% to 20% uplift from those 50-stage completions. So if you look at IP rates, Q1, it was just under 800 boe/d, we expect that to move towards 1,000 boe/d as we move into the second half of the year. So we really see the benefit of those kicking in in the second half of the year as we complete those new wells.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. And then a follow-on just on Guyana, I appreciate the seismic, I guess, is now complete, some processing. Maybe any update in terms of perhaps not the well you're drilling today, but the confidence integral from the data that you've seen on, I guess, the other channels as you move further to the northwest of Liza-1?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Thanks, Ed. I think as Exxon has said, and we've said, we see a fair amount of press activity on the block and that continues to be confirmed with the 3D seismic that we are processing. Again, we just got to drill more wells. We plan to drill one or two additional exploration wells this year and that will give us some additional color on prospectivity, but looks good on seismic.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. You may begin.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Morning.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Can I start with a couple of housekeeping points, I guess, just on the numbers for the quarter? The differentials internationally looked a little wide, and I'm wondering if there's anything  any nuance there? And I guess a similar thing with the oil mix in the Bakken. So I've got a follow-up on exploration, please.
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Okay, Doug, I'll start with the differentials. There was something unusual just from  in the first quarter and it had to do just with our timing of lifts. So there's two aspects of why our differentials widened. So with the timing, actually we produce about approximately 75,000 barrels a day of oil internationally, but our liftings were heavily in January and February. We actually lifted about 89,000 barrels a day in January, and 130,000 barrels a day in February, and March liftings were only 19,000 barrels a day. So obviously we lifted more just timing-wise when oil prices were lower in the quarter, and so that had an impact on our differentials. The other thing that did a true weakening was on the West African crudes, not just ours but, in general, West African crudes where kind of the differential widened about $1, and that did happen with our EG liftings as well in the quarter.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And on the oil mix in the Bakken, it looked like it swung a little bit toward NGLs, John.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Doug. That was  this is Greg -- that was primarily just a weather-related operational issue in January. It had to do with complying with Reid vapor pressure requirements in the field. That caused it to shut in some oil production. So if you look at kind of oil in January, it was actually down around 69,000 barrels a day, but that completely reversed itself in February/March, and it was at 75,000 barrels a day for the months of February and March. So that came back up. So it was just a temporary transient issue in January.
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And then, Doug, the only other thing I'll add to that with the wells is we are  and it is our focus this year with our Midstream infrastructure, we are out gathering more gas. So from the wells, as Greg said, the wells were impacted by the vapor pressure and we will be adding additional gas into our gas plant and therefore NGLs throughout the year.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: But the  just to be clear, the oil should come back or did come back, Greg, towards the end of the quarter?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: It did.
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: As Greg said, it did, and so it's 69,000 barrels a day, 75,000 barrels a day, 75,000 barrels a day. So that 5,000 barrel a day increase was  decrease was just impacted by those vapor pressure issues in January.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Just to be clear from our wells themselves, there's no change in the oil/gas mix. It's steady as she goes.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That's what I was getting at. Thanks, John. My follow-up, fellows, is  I'm not going to ask about Guyana, but I would like to ask about Melmar and Sicily. Has Melmar now been condemned by this well? And on Sicily are you really just holding out waiting on the operator commenting or is there some nuance in your commentary that you're still evaluating the results? I mean, could Sicily end up being a field appraisal as well, I guess is what I'm getting at?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: No, Doug, on both wells it's really too early to comment. They're both under evaluation. As we said in the script, Melmar at the current location didn't have economic quantities of oil. But that doesn't mean that the block is done, right? So we're under evaluation of all the data that came out of the well right now.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And on Sicily, Greg?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Same thing, Doug. Under evaluation with the operator.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. Thanks, guys.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. You may begin.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: First question on the Bakken. I believe you said to think about ramping up there, you would want to wait until you saw $60 a barrel at WTI, and I wondered if you could add some color on why $60 a barrel versus lower or higher price? How much of that decision is driven by your view of what the break-even oil price is at the well level to meet your return thresholds versus your corporate needs to improve your balance sheet versus the competition for capital elsewhere such as potential Guyana development?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So all those factors play into that decision, and you did round it off pretty well. So let's just start with returns. We have an excellent acreage position in the Bakken. And as you know, we've got good returns that we could drill wells here at $40 a barrel and we could drill at $50 a barrel and get good return wells. But obviously at $60 a barrel the returns are going to be better. And more of our acreage then meets our return threshold as you move towards $60 a barrel. So obviously we want to improve returns for our shareholders. The next aspect of it is we are spending money on growth right now. You know North Malay Basin and Stampede, so we will have 35,000 barrels a day coming in 2018 from those two projects. And like you said, we've already added some valuable resources here in Guyana. And we're going to continue exploration there and see if we can add more valuable resources there. Then it comes to the last part of your point was we do look at overall corporate cash flow. And we want to deliver growth with free cash flow. And at $60 a barrel, Bakken, we can add rigs and Bakken will grow and generate free cash flow. So that is something that we're looking to do from the portfolio aspect. And then with our balance sheet, with this low point in the cycle, we want to come out of that low point in the cycle with this strong balance sheet. So our plan is because our portfolio is so levered to oil, $1.00 for us gives us $75 million of annual cash flow. So we want to bank that cash flow as you move up to $60 a barrel again to improve the balance sheet. So all those factors play a role.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you. And then shifting to the international assets, there were a couple of comments that you made that I wanted to see if you could add some additional color. The first was in North Malay Basin where I believe you said of the development wells was drilled, they were coming in better than expected. How that may impact, if at all, the total production which I think you seem to say was not changed and any kind of returns or well costs. And then in Guyana I believe you mentioned that there was an extended drill stem test being drilled, if it's at all possible to add any color around what precipitated that?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Thanks for the question. On North Malay Basin, the wells are coming in with thicker pay overall. Now, that will likely not affect the initial volumes coming out of North Malay Basin. It could have a positive reserve effect, but we're  all that's under evaluation right now, so it's too early to say one way or the other. Regarding Guyana, again, the operations that we're conducting in Guyana with the operator ExxonMobil, two major objectives; one is appraise the Liza discovery. So that will be additional wells to find the edges of the reservoir, let's call it. Also an extended drill stem test as well. That's key dynamic data that we will need in terms of designing a development of Liza. The second objective is to drill those one or two exploration wells that I talked about, which are going after some Liza lookalikes on the block.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research. You may begin.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi. Good morning, everyone. Just an immediate...
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: ...follow-up. You mentioned Guyana was  I think you said potentially material or maybe just material to Hess. When is the best hope for actual first production?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think again, Paul, I think we've got to get these appraisal wells down. So it's too early to say when an early production system might come on. So let us get through the appraisal, which will be in the third quarter and then we can hopefully give some more color after that.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood. And I guess given that you said it's material, we can hope to see press releases as to what's going on there from here.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we would hope after the appraisal drilling and drill stem tests, the operator will be in a position to provide more color on resource estimate or range of resource estimate.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thanks, John. Just the outlook for CapEx for the year, you came in low relative to our expectations for Q1. I think the Q2 numbers may be a little bit higher than we thought. Can you talk a little bit about the sensitivities of the CapEx outlook to the oil price? And I'd heard, and I have to say this is second hand that you talked about $60 a barrel being the point at which you would resume growth, I think, in the Bakken. Was that an accurate second hand story that I got? Or am I thinking of the wrong price? Thanks.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. On the $60 a barrel, I can answer that because it was in my remarks. Our first priority is the balance sheet. So to be clear, first and foremost we just want to strengthen the cash flow generation of the company and the balance sheet to fund our growth projects and also come out of this low price environment on our front feet. The second is, we have plenty of locations that John talked about, we have in our investor pack, where we generate in excess of a 15% after-tax return at $50 a barrel probably over 600 locations and $60 a barrel over 1,000 locations. So our locations compete not only with the best acreage in the Bakken, but the best acreage of any shale play in the United States including the Permian. So our focus, even though we have those locations, is on value not volume. And we're going to be guided by capital discipline and financial returns and that's why we've said that $60 a barrel is our price that we will focus on where we start ramping up Bakken activity.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: And I guess what you're saying there, John, is in the interim between $50 a barrel and $60 a barrel it would be a balance sheet prioritization strategy. And then could you guys just follow on with the CapEx sensitivity for the year? Thanks.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's correct.
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So as usual, we will update middle of the year. You're right; our capital was running a bit lower than the run rate in the first quarter. Obviously we are focused on being tight on spending on capital, on operating. So we're looking at all possibilities to reduce. But I don't want to get ahead of it. We'll get through the second quarter. We'll get through the shutdowns that Greg mentioned, and we'll update capital middle of the year.
Paul Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Thank you.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank. You may begin.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Maybe if I could follow up with one on the Bakken, and then shift somewhere else. On the Bakken, can you provide any color on the expected trajectory of, you mentioned you're going from four rigs, or you went from three rigs and then to two rigs in the third quarter. Any shift? I think earlier the view was to go from four to two by late February. Was there a shift in the plan of rigs? Is there a reason in terms of any thoughts behind the shift there? And then should we expect the completion to be effectively ratable over the remainder of this year?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So the reason in going from three rigs, extending that third rig just a little bit longer. That was purely just an efficient way to ramp down the Bakken, it really completes some existing pads. While the rig is there, you just soon complete those pads rather than get them partially done and then come back later. So that was purely an efficiency thing as we lined out the work for the year. If you look at the Bakken production character, what we've said is that our range for the year is 105,000 boe/d to 95,000 boe/d. And certainly directionally that mimics what is going to happen to the production curve. So it's going to start out high and then end the year probably close to the end of that, or the bottom end of that range. That will give you a sense for how Bakken production is going to look over the year. Obviously, we're starting a little bit higher. But you can assume about a 10% decline over the year in the Bakken.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Very helpful. And then maybe one more. Obviously, very, very strong results on the EUR uplift from the Bakken. The million barrel EUR number that you were talking about, how much of your 3,200 well inventory should we assume that's applicable to? Is that a small  is that a portion of it? Is that all of it? And is it a ratable EUR increase across  or an equal EUR percentage increase across all of your inventory?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: No. It's not ratable. So it's again, this is a result of drilling in the core of the core. So we're really drilling in the best part of the Bakken right now. I don't have the exact numbers, but it's a couple hundred wells that are probably in this thousand EUR. We did not increased EUR for the 50-stage fracs yet. There may be an EUR increase in the wells associated with that, but we wanted to get more production history under our belt before we increase the EUR associated with 50-stage fracs.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, Greg. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Good morning, guys.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Let me follow up on the Bakken to Ryan's [audio skip] (38:57). What were your thoughts on to increasing the full year guidance with increased completions today? I think you're 87 versus 80 in the first quarter and that your ops report just came out with this improved spud to spud time which would potentially give you a tailwind there. Any thoughts there?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, I think, Evan, as we always do, we'll update all of our guidance on the July call after our second quarter. We'll be updating production capital, all of our guidance. Now what I will say from a company standpoint, we do have some extended shutdowns in this quarter that were longer than we had in our original planning assumptions, both associated with third-party shutdowns. So how all that kind of offsets higher production to Bakken, that's what we'll guide the market on in our July call.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Fair enough. And to follow up also on Guyana, I mean, should we expect a resource estimate this summer specifically for Liza? Or potentially a broader delineation of the potential or other prospects on the block? And is that  is a resource estimate something that's in conjunction with additional pre-feed work being done? Or how does that relate to the timing on ultimate development?
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Fair question, Evan, and we're going to leave that to the operator, but it's obviously subject to the appraisal drilling and well tests that we're going to do. And then out of that we would hope we could get some granularity on what the resource estimate on Liza might be, and I wouldn't want to get ahead of ourselves beyond that.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay, maybe I'll ask someone Friday as well, but if I could squeeze in one last one, in the ops report, any color on the 30 day IPs? Kind of the relative performance from the 50-stage completions year-over-year down  did I miss that explanation earlier? Any color there would be helpful.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So Evan, if you look at our first quarter, the IPs were just under 800 barrels a day. That also had some down time. Remember I talked about the down time in January, so that pulled the IP rates down a bit. We guided 800 barrels a day to 950 barrels a day for the year, so basically, the IPs will increase from here and will move towards 1,000 barrels a day in the latter half of the year. So this first quarter got pulled down by some operational issues, but also we were putting on wells online that were more like 35-stage fracs, carryover from last year. As we move into the year that'll move towards 1,000 barrels a day.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Great, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays. You may begin.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Couple quick  several quick questions. First one with John Rielly. John, you gave a guidance for the second quarter unit DD&A and the cash costs. Based on that and first quarter results, it looked like the full year DD&A, the previous guidance, $28.5 per barrel to $29.5 per barrel, seems way high. Is there any reason that we should not assume the second half of the year your unit DD&A will be somewhat similar to the first half? And in terms of the cash costs on the other hand, it seems like your previous full year guidance say $14.5 per barrel to $15.5 per barrel, if we assume the second quarter in $17.5 per barrel or so, $16.5 per barrel to $17.5 per barrel, should we assume there is more to it into the high end of the range?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Paul. Let's go through. I'll start with the cash costs. So the first thing in  our cash costs in the first quarter were down to $14.62 so there was over a 5% decline from Q4. And again, like we said, we're very focused on where we're spending money on operating costs as well as capital. And some of the operating costs in the first quarter, as Greg had mentioned, we did have higher workovers as well. So we've been pretty good at being able to reduce the costs. Now on the flip side, Greg just mentioned that we had some extended shutdowns that were not part of our original plan. So that is, from that second quarter guidance, is driving up so we have lower production and additional maintenance costs coming in the second quarter is driving up our second quarter costs. What we'd like to do kind of like with all our guidance, we'd like to get through that. Then we'll have six months of data, we'll come in July and we'll give the update for the cash costs at that point and we'll see where we're moving for the rest of the year. DD&A is a mix issue. So again, basically offshore had to do again what Greg was talking about from fields that we had a mixed force. (44:07) Some fields were producing more at a lower DD&A rate and some of the fields that were producing less at a higher DD&A rate. So it was purely a mix issue. So, again, I'd like to get through these shutdowns, get through the six months of data before I do update the numbers.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Greg, just curious that is the turnaround downtime primary focus in the second quarter? Or it's going to have equal amount (44:30) in the third quarter? Or the third quarter will be significantly lower?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. No, the majority, Paul, is going to be in the second quarter. That's at T Bells and Conger in the Gulf of Mexico, and in Valhall in the North Sea. There's a smaller amount in the third quarter, and that will be at JDA and South Arne.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: That's how the shutdowns kind of break out throughout the year.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: And as you move to 50 stage, do you intended to keep the well cost to be flat on the ground level? How about the cash operating cost? Is that going to trick (45:07) a higher cash operating cost? Or you will be able to more than offset it with the efficiency gain?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: No, I think we'll be more than able to offset that with the efficiency gain as well.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And Greg, just curious that in the first quarter if I looking at it sequentially, the U.S. oil price realization dropped $10, $11. Benchmark seems to be dropping $8 to $9. Is there any mix issue that we should be realized that that's causing that and then it will get reverse in the second or third quarter? Or that this is really going to be a new defense (45:47) of looking  this is a good base now going forward?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So you are correct. The onshore differential has really widened between the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So it's driven obviously up in the Bakken with our production. Clearbrook was approximately $1 under WTI in the fourth quarter and it moved to $1.80 under TI (sic) [WTI] (46:11) in the first quarter. So that $0.80 was driving some of our differential. The overall differential though moved about $1.55 in our production, and that is because the rail market was weaker in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, again due to the narrowing of the Brent TI (sic) [WTI] (46:29) spread. Clearbrook has been getting a little better in April and May, not a big change. But it's been a little better that we are seeing on the sales volume, so that could come back. And then the rail market, that will move and we'll try to optimize between [audio disruption] (46:44) pipe depending on where the best economics are.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: And just a little more color. You know, in the last year our oil (46:52) have gone from 50/50 pipeline/train to 70%, 30% pipeline/train. And we're maxing out our pipeline deliveries as we speak to make sure we get the most for our oil that we sell.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Final question if I could. Greg, if you're looking at your current manpower and organization capability, if you are not adding any head count, what is the maximum number of rig that you can handle? And how quickly that you can ramp it to that level if you want to?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah, Paul. Good question. I mean, as John mentioned, our second priority is to preserve the capability. So what we have done -- one of the reasons that we didn't cut the Bakken rigs to zero was we wanted to leave a couple rigs so that we could maintain the capability and ability to ramp up. As we look at it, we think with the manpower that we have, because we have gone down substantially in manpower, but we think because of the manpower that we do have, we think that we can efficiently ramp up from two to six rigs over a 9- to 12-month period. So we can go from two to six rigs relatively painlessly without losing a lot of the efficiencies that we've worked so hard to maintain with the Lean Manufacturing capabilities. So...
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers. You may begin.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning.
John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer & Director: Good morning.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Regarding the two Bakken rigs in 2016, my memory was that the company once said that four rigs were required to maintain efficiencies and skilled labor. I was just wondering: has this efficiency just proved too expensive to afford? Or have you taken efficiency to new levels that allow for core competency preservation with two rigs?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Sorry, my mic was off. It's more of the latter. So we've taken our efficiency to new levels, and we believe that we can preserve enough capability with two rigs versus the four to be able to efficiently ramp up when prices approach the $60 a barrel that John has mentioned.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. We're hearing a lot about cost reduction efforts from other offshore operators. I was just wondering if you have any line of sight for cost reductions that could support a resumption of drilling in places like Equatorial Guinea, South Arne and Ghana at lower oil prices that might have been the case earlier in the downturn.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. So I think, again, if you think about when we would restart drilling, as John Reilly mentioned in his comments, it's really going to be a function of corporate cash flow. So we're really going to be watching corporate cash flow before we restart drilling either offshore or onshore in the Bakken. So that's going to be the primary driver. But broadly, the pace of the cost reductions has been slower offshore than onshore due to the need to work off the backlog of those higher cost rig contracts and also the work in the yards associated with previously-sanctioned projects. So now rigs, boats and associated equipment are already starting to come down substantially. And we know that because we're seeing a lot of those benefits in Guinea, for example, on the rig rates and the seismic boat rates. And then we expect that to continue as offshore projects are completed, so we think further rate cost capitulation will occur. And then importantly the yard rates will start to come down as well as capacity becomes available. And in fact in some of our pre-feed work that we're doing around the globe we're already seeing significantly lower indicative bids in the offshore yard and rig space, so more to come in the offshore. But again, restart, I think, is going to be back to what John Rielly said: it's going to be a function of corporate cash flow.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James. You may begin.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks for taking the question, guys. Very similar to the previous one with a small tweak; for Ghana, what Brent price would you need to see to sanction a full scale development? So above and beyond corporate cash flows?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Well, I think first of all, Ghana is right now is a sanction because of the border dispute. So we're working with the government to try and get the deadlines extended there. So until the border dispute is clear, which the earliest would be mid-2017, we wouldn't be in a position to say what sanction price Ghana would need because it would depend upon the cost curve at that point in time. We do see cost coming down. So way too early to speculate what price it would take.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. And then same question about the Utica; what Henry Hub threshold do you have in mind to put at least one rig back to work in the Utica?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So it's not just the  obviously, it's the low commodity prices. And as Greg mentioned earlier, the wide basin differentials that are causing us the issue right now. The rock is very good. We like the asset. So it really is depending on additional infrastructure being built out to get the product out of that basin. So we do see that happening. So as that infrastructure is built out we see  and the basin differentials narrow along with improving commodity prices is when we'd go back to work in the Utica.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Understood. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Arun Jayaram with JPMorgan. You may begin.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Good morning. I was wondering if you could just give a little bit more color around the magnitude of the Q2 downtime at Valhall, Conger and Tubular Bells?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. Let me give you directionally how many days of downtime are planned. So again this is all third-party shutdowns. So Valhall expected to be around a 25-day shutdown. That's associated with Ekofisk, so it's coincident with the Ekofisk shutdown. Tubular Bells, about 31 days down, again, that's a third-party tie in of Gunflint to the Williams' owned host facility at Tubular Bells. And then finally there's an anticipated 22-day shutdown in Conger associated with Shell's turnaround of Enchilada/Salsa during the second quarter. So that gives you an idea of how much.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And these wouldn't have been in your original guide, right? These were outside of that?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: No, they were. But the way the forecast works is you get an estimate from the operator when you're putting your business plan together, and then the operator updates that as it gets closer to forecast. So what happened is there were more days now as the operators have come forward and given us the final day to  they've extended those shutdowns longer than we thought, so that's why there's a difference...
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Okay.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: ...in the assumption there.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Just one on the Bakken. Understanding you're capturing more gas, do you have a  give us a sense of what you think as things normalize, your oil/gas/NGL mix could look like, ballpark?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I think through 2016, this percentage of oil, at mid-60%s say, is where we see the crude being as it goes through 2016.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Mid-60%s? Okay. Okay. And last question is the G&A expenses were down pretty significantly on a sequential basis. Is that  do you think you could hold that level of G&A that you saw in the first quarter, $98 million?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So...
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: It was down almost $40 million sequentially.
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Right. So now some of that, if you're just looking sequentially on the G&A line itself and we do have in the first  I mean, sorry, in the fourth quarter there were some specials that were there. But we did have a good sequential decline in G&A, like I said. Across the company we're looking at costs all over, operating, G&A. So some of it is timing. We did have lower professional fees in the quarter, but we are trying and looking to reduce the costs. And the corporate guidance that we gave is a bit down now even for the second quarter. So we are beginning to see some savings throughout the company, but I'd like to wait until the mid-year before I update all the rest of the guidance.
Arun Jayaram - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Phillip Jungwirth with BMO. You may begin.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Hey. Good morning. $60 a barrel is a price required to increase activity in the Bakken would that threshold be similar for some of your conventional offshore development areas such as the North Sea and Africa? Can you provide any color on what you're doing in these areas to maintain operator capabilities?
John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: I'll just first talk about like when we're going to put capital back to work. And again, I just want to remind you we have some great opportunities and great return locations even at these lower prices, but due to corporate cash flow and maintaining the strength of our balance sheet is why we're going to move towards $60 a barrel before we put rigs back to work in the Bakken. The way we are thinking about it with we have our development projects, Stampede and North Malay Basin. That's going to generate 35,000 barrels a day of production, in 2018 we have Guyana. But the next call on our capital will be Bakken, and that's why as we look as we get to $60 a barrel, there's plenty of running room there, we'll start putting more rigs to work. What it means now on offshore is  and I think Greg might have mentioned, it's not that we don't have very good return opportunities of tie-backs on our offshore assets, we do. Some is good or even better than the Bakken. The issue that we now have is you have to then commit to a rig. So you'll have to get a rig to location and what it's going to mean is you're going to have to commit to multi-wells or maybe more than one year. So at that point we're going to want even stronger prices than $60 a barrel and feel that it's sustainable before we go commit to that.
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: In terms of preserving capability, the second part of your question, we've done just like we've done in the Bakken, we've moved people over, put them on special projects, special assignments, which really don't want to lose the drilling and completions capabilities, so we think we've adequately covered that in Reid point people's (58:31) other opportunities.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Great. And on Tubular Bells, what's your expectation for second half production there and is there anything you've experienced to-date that would cause you to believe peak production or EUR is different from initial expectations?
Gregory P. Hill - President & Chief Operating Officer: No. I think, again, as we mentioned in our opening remarks, we've had a failure of a second down hole valve which was unfortunately one of our largest producers and so we've got to move the rig over to do that. It's not a rig-less intervention, it requires the rig. So the second half of the year, Tubular Bells will hopefully be in that 25,000 barrel a day range that we thought it would be at this point, and would be had it not been for the valve failure.
Phillip J. Jungwirth - BMO Capital Markets (United States): Right. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions at this time. Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson - Vice President-Investor Relations John Hess - Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory Hill - Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, President of Exploration and Production John Rielly - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Edward Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Asit Sen - CLSA David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors Guy Baber - Simmons & Company International Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Roger Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Phillips Johnston - Capital One Southcoast, Inc. John Herrlin - Societe Generale
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2015 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Candace and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess's Annual and Quarterly Reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and those most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. Ill provide an update on the steps we are taking in response to the low oil price environment and review highlights from 2015. Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance and John Rielly will review our financial results. Three principles are guiding us through this lower-for-longer oil price environment. Preserve the strength of our balance sheet, preserve our operating capabilities and preserve our long-term growth options. By adhering to this disciplined approach, we finished the year with one of the strongest balance sheets and liquidity positions among our E&P peers, with $2.7 billion of cash, an undrawn $4 billion revolving credit facility that goes out to January 2020, and a net debt-to-capitalization ratio, excluding the Bakken Midstream joint venture of approximately 15%. Our top priority in this challenging environment is to continue to keep our balance sheet strong. Yesterday, we announced a 2016 capital and exploratory budget of $2.4 billion, 40% below our 2015 spend, and approximately 20% below the preliminary guidance we provided in late October of $2.9 billion to $3.1 billion. Our focus is on value not volume and we do not think it makes sense to accelerate production in the current price environment, particularly given the recent further deterioration in the oil markets. For this reason we will reduce activity levels across our producing portfolio in 2016, both onshore and offshore, and will continue to pursue further cost reductions to preserve the strength of our balance sheet. Our 2016 production forecast remains the same as our previous guidance of 330,000 to 350,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, even with roughly $600 million of additional cuts in capital spend from our previous guidance and the recent sale of our assets in Algeria in December, which contributed net production of 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter of 2015. In terms of our year-end reserves as a result of significant price driven negative revision and a corresponding reduction in activity levels, our proved reserves decreased year-over-year to 1.086 billion barrels of oil equivalent at year-end 2015. It is important to note that all of the decrease was in proved undeveloped category and that our proved developed producing reserves increased by approximately 4% versus 2014. Now turning to our 2015 financial results, our adjusted net loss was $1.1 billion and cash flow from operations before changes in working capital was $1.9 billion. Compared to 2014, our results were positively impacted by higher crude oil and natural gas sales volumes, which were more than offset by lower crude oil and natural gas selling prices and higher DD&A expense. From an operational standpoint, 2015 was a year of outstanding performance with strong execution across the portfolio and we are very proud of the work our team has done in a difficult oil price environment. Actual production was 375,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day versus our October guidance of 370,000 to 375,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. On a pro forma basis excluding Libya and asset sales, 2015 production increased by 18% compared to 2014 averaging 368,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day versus 311,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day the prior year on the same basis. Also during 2015, we delivered significant reductions in both capital expenditures and cash operating costs and achieved early success with our focused exploration program. Turning to the Bakken, Hess has an industry-leading acreage position that is competitive with the best shale oil plays in the United States. Through the application of lean manufacturing techniques, our Bakken team has continued to drill some of the lowest cost and most productive wells in the play. Our 2016 focus is on the core of the core, where Hess has significantly more drilling spacing units or DSUs than any other competitor. Maintaining a two rig program will help preserve our top quartile operating capabilities; so that we are positioned to efficiently increase activity when oil prices recover. Bakken production in 2015 averaged 112,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up approximately 35% from 2014. Despite dropping to two rigs, we continue to forecast Bakken production to average between 95,000 and 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016. On July 1, 2015 we closed on the Bakken Midstream joint venture, which resulted in total cash proceeds to Hess of $3 billion. Hess maintains operational control of these strategic assets giving us access to the best markets for our products through the flexibility that it offers. As previously announced, the joint venture plans to proceed with an initial public offering of Hess Midstream Partners LP common units when market conditions improve. In terms of developments, while we are significantly reducing investment across our base portfolio. We plan to continue to invest for future growth with two offshore developments. The first, North Malay Basin, is a long-life, low-risk natural gas resource with oil linked pricing. Hess is operator with a 50% interest. Full field development is on track for startup in 2017 after which the project is expected to add an incremental 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of production and become a long-term cash generator. Our second offshore development Stampede is one of the largest undeveloped fields in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, with estimated gross recoverable resources between 300 million and 350 million barrels of oil equivalent. Hess is the operator of Stampede and we have a 25% interest. Following startup in 2018, the project will add an incremental 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of production and become a material cash generator. Turning to exploration, we are very pleased with the early results from our focused expiration program. Namely, the Exxon-operated Liza discovery, offshore Guyana, in which Hess has a 30% working interest. And the Chevron-operated Sicily discovery in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico in which Hess has a 25% working interest. In particular, we believe that the Stabroek Block in Guyana has the potential to be very material to Hess and create significant long-term value for our shareholders even in a lower price environment. About 90% of a 17,000 square kilometers 3D seismic acquisition program has been completed. In 2016, we plan to drill up the four wells to evaluate the Liza discovery, perform a drill stem test and explore additional prospects on the block. In summary we are well-positioned to navigate this lower-for-longer price environment and are taking a disciplined approach to preserve our financial strength competitively advantage capabilities and long-term growth options. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory Hill: Thanks John. I would like to provide an operational update on our progress in 2015 and our plans for 2016. As John mentioned 2015 was a year of strong execution across our portfolio. Production averaged 375,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day at the top end of our October guidance of 370,000 to 375,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Furthermore, in the fourth quarter, production averaged 368,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day exceeding our October guidance of 360,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the same quarter. In 2015, we also reduce capital and exploratory expenditures by $400 million during the year and cash operating cost by more than $300 million. We continued to drive down our drilling and completion costs and successfully conducted tighter spacing and increased stage count pilots in the Bakken. We also achieve material exploration success in Guyana and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico were the Liza and Sicily wells were ranked as the two largest oil discoveries of 2015 by both Wood Mackenzie and IHS. Clearly 2015 was a challenging year in terms of oil prices and we believe it is prudent to manage the business assuming that prices remain lower for longer. On that basis we announced yesterday a 2016 capital and exploratory budget of $2.4 billion, which is 40% below 2015 levels and will result in significant reductions in activity levels across our unconventionals and offshore business. Year-end 2015 proved reserves were significantly impacted by the price environment with the addition of 84 million barrels of oil equivalent offset by price related downward revisions of 282 million barrels of oil equivalent. Year-end proved reserves accounting for the sale of our Algeria asset, were 1.086 billion barrels of oil equivalent of which 73% proved developed. Nonetheless, the notable early success of our exploration program and continued technical advances in our unconventionals business have allowed us to materially grow our total resource base. In 2016, we forecast companywide production to average between 330,000 and 350,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This forecast is unchanged from preliminary guidance provided on our last quarterly conference call despite the further 20% reduction in our capital and exploratory expenditures. In the first quarter of 2016, we forecast companywide production to average between 340,000 and 350,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Turning to operations, the Bakken continued to deliver outstanding performance as well as higher upside. We exceeded our production targets continued to substantially reduce our well cost through the continued application of lean manufacturing techniques, significantly improved our well IP rates through the successful testing of 50-stage sliding sleeve fracs, an industry first in the Bakken, and increased our well inventory and estimated ultimate recovery through infilling to tighter spacing, using a nine and eight configuration. Full year production in the Bakken averaged 112,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 35% above 2014 and above our guidance from the beginning of the year of 95,000 to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the fourth quarter as a result of lower drilling activity net production average 109,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day up 7% from the year ago quarter. Lean manufacturing practices enabled us to once again significantly drive down our Bakken drilling and completion costs with the fourth quarter averaging $5.1 million per well versus $7.1 million per well in the year ago quarter, a reduction of 28%. Looking forward, we expect drilling and completion costs in 2016 to remain near this level, even though we will increase stage counts by approximately 40% as we move from our standard 35-stage design to a 50-stage design. The 50-stage trials conducted in 2015 have been very successful delivering more than a 20% average increase in IP30, 60 and 90. Our tighter well spacing pilots in 2015 have also been successful. Results to date confirm that moving from 13 wells to 17 wells per DSU is value accretive in the core of the play enabling us to add 200 new drilling locations to our inventory. Additional pilots will be required in the future to fully understand applicability across all of our acreage which to some degree will be a function of price. The combination of our successful infill pilot and overall stronger type curve performance has allowed us to increase our estimated ultimate recovery from the Bakken to 1.6 billion barrels of oil equivalent from our previous estimate of 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent. Our industry-leading Bakken position continues to provide a forward well inventory that has one of the lowest breakevens in the play. However, in the current pricing environment, we believe it is prudent to reduce drilling until oil prices recover. With this in mind, in 2016, we intend to reduce our activity to two rigs at the end of February compared to an average of 8.5 rigs in 2015 and 17 rigs in 2014. Our 2016 capital budget for the Bakken is $425 million approximately a 70% reduction from 2015. We plan to drill approximately 50 wells and bring approximately 80 new wells online in 2016 compared to 219 new wells online in 2015. Despite this significant reduction in well activity, we forecast Bakken net production to average between 95,000 and 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016 and also in the first quarter of 2016. Moving to the Utica. In 2015 the joint venture drilled 24 wells and brought 32 new wells on production. In the fourth quarter, net production averaged 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 13,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year ago quarter. Net production for the year in the Utica averaged 24,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 9,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2014. In 2015 by applying the same lean manufacturing techniques that we use in the Bakken. We reduced drilling and completion costs by 30%, down to $9.6 million per well from $13.7 million per well in 2014. Despite the high quality of our acreage position and low 5% average royalty, the joint venture intends to lay down the one rig we have operating at the end of the first quarter of 2016 given low natural gas and NGL prices and wide basin differentials. In 2016, we plan to drill five wells and bring 14 new wells online. Production is forecast to average between 20,000 and 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016. Turning to our offshore operations, in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we commenced remediation work at our Tubular Bells field in which Hess holds a 57.1% working interest and is operator. This work includes acid jobs at two wells and opening a stuck subsurface safety valve at another well. The field produced approximately 20,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2015 and we forecast that the remediation work will allow production to increase to approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day over 2016. In Norway, at the BP-operated Valhall Field, in which Hess has a 64% interest, production average 33,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2015. In response to low prices, the operator plans a very minimal amount of activity in 2016. Full-year net production is expected to average approximately 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016. At the South Arne Field in Denmark, which Hess operates with a 61.5% interest we expect to complete the current phase of development drilling and release the rig at the end of the first quarter. Net production averaged 13,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2015 and is expected to average approximately 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016. In Equatorial Guinea, where we are operator with an 85% interest we recently completed the acquisition of new 40 seismic. Processing of this seismic is underway and the early data indicates additional infill production and water injection well opportunities that can be pursued when oil prices recover. Net production averaged 43,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2015. Looking forward production is expected to decline over 2016 reflecting a continuation of the drilling pause that has been in place since mid-2015. At the Malaysia Thailand joint development area and the Gulf of Thailand in which Hess has a 50% interest. Work continues on the booster compression project, which is expected to be completed in the third quarter. Further drilling activity will not be required to meet contracted volumes for the next couple of years as a result of the compression project. Net production average 43,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2015 and is expected to be approximately 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016 reflecting planned downtime associated with the booster compression project and lower PFC entitlements due to lower capital expenditure. We continue to progress our North Malay Basin and Stampede developments, which remain on target to come on-stream in 2017 and 2018 respectively. Net North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, in which Hess holds a 50% interest and is operator. The first two wells of the development drilling campaign have reached total depth and are fully in line with pre-drill expectations. Net production averaged approximately 40 million cubic feet per day through the early production system in 2015 and is expected to stay at this level through 2016. Following completion of the full field development project in 2017 net production is planned increased to 165 million cubic feet per day. At the Stampede development in the Gulf of Mexico, in which Hess holds a 25% working interest and is operator we successfully completed installation of piles, started setting equipment on the top side and made good progress on the whole in 2015. Looking forward in 2016 we aim to complete the top sides main deck begin offshore installation of the whole block and install the subsea systems. Development drilling will commence in 2016 and first oil remains targeted for 2018. Moving to exploration. In the Gulf of Mexico following the success of the Sicily-1 discovery well, in which Hess holds a 25% interest. The operator Chevron has commenced drilling the Sicily-2 appraisal well to delineate a large four-way closure in the outboard Paleogene. The operator expects to reach target depth during the second quarter of 2016. Also in the Gulf of Mexico we are participating in a ConocoPhillips operated prospect called Melmar, in which Hess has a 35% interest. The lower price environment has enabled access to high-quality longer-term offshore prospects at attractive entry costs. Melmar is a good example of this and fits well with our strategy. It is one of the last large Paleogene four-way prospects in the prolific Perdido trend. Drilling operations began in December and the operator expects to reach total depth in the second quarter of 2016. In Guyana for the Liza-1 well accounted 295 feet of high-quality oil bearing reservoir. The operator Esso Exploration and Production Guyana Limited is planning to evaluate the Liza discovery and test the further potential of the Stabroek Block, in which Hess has a 30% interest. The next well, Liza-2 is planned to spud later in the first quarter. In closing, despite the challenging price environment 2015 was a year of excellent execution and delivery across our business which is a tribute to the outstanding people of Hess. Our strategy is to continue protecting our balance sheet, while maintaining our core capabilities and growth options. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the fourth quarter of 2015 to the third quarter of 2015. Our adjusted net loss, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, was $396 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, compared to $291 million in the third quarter of 2015. On a GAAP basis, the corporation incurred a net loss of $1.821 billion in the fourth quarter of 2015, compared with a net loss of $279 million in the previous quarter. The fourth quarter results contained non-cash charges of $1.359 billion resulting from the low commodity price environment including the write-off of our E&P segment goodwill of $1.98 billion. The non-taxable goodwill charge was allocated in our financial results to U.S. and international operations. In addition, fourth quarter exploration expenses include $178 million after-tax for the write-off of previously capitalized gas wells in Guyana, three previously capitalized wells in Australia that are not included in the most recent development concept and the impairment of certain leasehold costs in the Gulf of Mexico. In the United States we also recognized an impairment charge of $83 million after-tax associated with our legacy conventional North Dakota assets. In connection with the sale of Hovensas assets and completion of its bankruptcy has agreed to assume obligations under the Hovensa pension plan and relinquish our rights to receive any proceeds from financing provided to Hovensa during bankruptcy in exchange for the release of all claims from the Virgin Islands government that were asserted against us. Our fourth quarter results include charges of $41 million after-tax for the cost of the pension obligations amounts funded in the quarter and legal fees. Turning to E&P. On an adjusted basis, E&P incurred losses of $328 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, compared to a loss of $221 million in the third quarter of 2015. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted results for E&P between the fourth quarter of 2015 and the third quarter of 2015 were as follows. Lower sales volumes reduced results by $46 million. Lower realized selling prices reduced results by $33 million. Higher exploration expenses reduced results by $21 million. All other items net to a reduction in results of $7 million for an overall reduction in fourth quarter adjusted results of $107 million. In the fourth quarter, our E&P operations were under-lifted compared with production by approximately 1 million barrels, which did not have a material impact on fourth quarter results. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, was a benefit of 38% for the fourth quarter of 2015 compared with the benefit of 47% in the third quarter. On an unadjusted basis the fourth quarter effective tax rate reflects the fact the goodwill impairment charge did not have an associated tax benefit. Turning to Midstream. Fourth quarter net income of $11 million was down versus third quarter net income of $16 million, primarily due to lower volume throughput at the Tioga gas plant as a result of unplanned downtime and increase crude export via pipeline in response to market differentials. Bakken midstream EBITDA excluding the non-controlling interest amounted to $67 million in the fourth quarter of 2015 compared to $79 million in the previous quarter. Turning to corporate, after-tax corporate and interest expenses excluding items affecting comparability were $79 million in the fourth quarter of 2015, compared to $86 million in the third quarter of 2015. Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter including an increase of $401 million from changes in working capital was $623 million. Additions to property, plant and equipment were $935 million. Net borrowings were $93 million, common stock dividends paid were $72 million, other net amounted to a use of cash of $6 million resulting in a net decrease in and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $297 million. Excluding amounts held in our Bakken Midstream joint venture we had approximately $2.7 billion of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2015, compared to $3 billion at September 30, 2015. Total debt excluding Bakken Midstream was $5.9 billion at December 31, 2015 and our debt to capitalization ratio was 24.4%. In addition we have a committed $4 billion revolving credit facility that is undrawn. Turning to 2016 guidance, we project cash cost for E&P operations to be in a range of $15 to $16 per barrel of oil equivalent in the first quarter of 2016 and $14.50 to $15.50 per barrel for the full-year 2016 down from 2015 cash cost of $15.69 per barrel. The first quarter cash cost include well workover cost at the Tubular Bells Field. DD&A per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter of 2016 is forecast to be $29 to $30 per barrel and $28.50 to $29.50 per barrel for the full-year of 2016, up from 2015 DD&A of $28.14 per barrel. This results in projected total E&P unit operating costs of $44 to $46 per barrel in the first quarter of 2016 and $43 to $45 per barrel for the full-year of 2016 compared with 2015 E&P unit operating costs of $43.83 per barrel. The Bakken Midstream tariff expense is expected to be $3.55 to $3.65 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter of 2016 and $3.55 to $3.95 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full-year of 2016, up from 2015 Midstream tariffs of $3.28 per barrel. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs and items affecting comparability, are expected to be in the range of $65 million to $75 million in the first quarter of 2016 and $260 million to $280 million for the full-year 2016 down from $338 million in 2015. The E&P effective tax rate excluding Libya is expected to be a differed tax benefit in the range of 41% to 45% for the first quarter and full-year of 2016 versus a benefit of 45% in 2015. Turning to Midstream, in 2016 we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Bakken Midstream segment, which reflects our 50% ownership to be in the range of $10 million to $15 million in the first quarter and in the range of $40 million to $50 million for the full-year. Turning to Corporate and Interest, in 2016 we estimate corporate expenses net of taxes to be in the range of $25 million to $35 million in the first quarter and in the range of $110 million to $120 million for the full-year. We estimate interest expense to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million in the first quarter of 2016 and in the range of $205 million to $215 million for the full-year 2016. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate: Hi, good morning everybody.
John Hess: Good morning, Doug.
Doug Leggate: First, I've got a couple, if I may. First question is to John Rielly. John, the cash flow number you gave was net of working capital, but can you X the working capital gain, cash flow looked a bit light. Can you walk us through what has gone on with particularly deferred tax and any other unusual items that explained that number? And then I have got a couple of exploration follow-ups, please.
John Rielly: Sure. In the fourth quarter we did have some special charges in the fourth quarter and some of them do have a cash flow impact. So they are impacting what a normal run rate would be in the fourth quarter. So the first part of that in the E&P charges are for surplus materials and supplies just due to reduced drilling plans so that was approximately $25 million in the quarter that was reducing cash flow, that $221 million. And then also we had lower cost of market in the fourth quarter of approximately $40 million. So those two right there, from a special charges aspect, gets you about $65 million kind of a nonrecurring impact in the quarter. And then there's a couple of other things, one from the specials outside of E&P is for Hovensa. So part of the charge relates to the relinquishment of proceeds that we provided during bankruptcy plus we get legal fees in there. So that was approximately $20 million in the quarter again reducing cash flow from operations. And then on an operating standpoint, you probably saw you noticed our exploration costs were up in the quarter just from a run rate standpoint it was in line with our full-year guidance, but in the fourth quarter we had higher seismic approximately $20 million to $25 million in the quarter. So again from a recurring type standpoint it's just impacting at lower cash flow in the fourth quarter. And then the last thing you heard, I did mention there was a 1 million barrel under lift. So even though that had from a results standpoint not much of an impact, it does have a cash flow impact in the quarter. And so you are ranging that $10 million to $15 million for that under lift. So all told, it is about $125 million when you add those numbers up kind of reducing the cash flow from operations in the quarter.
Doug Leggate: That makes a ton of sense, makes - reconciles the number. Thanks, John. My follow-up, to the extent you can answer on two non-operated exploration wells, I mean clearly exploration is getting no quarter with the market right now. But these looked like to John comments, look like they could be pretty material. So Greg, first of all on Melmar, could you walk us through the genesis of how you got that in this market, spending additional capital on exploration might seem surprising to some. So what is the genesis of your entry there to the extent you can talk about the prospect? My understanding is this is a $2 billion to $4 billion oil-in-place target. I mean are those numbers right? And how would you risk it? I've got a follow-up on Liza, please.
Gregory Hill: Yes, so on Melmar. Let me just open Doug. Of course we are in a long-term business and we need to both think about today and tomorrow, so and one of the things were seeing is this low price environment has created a lot of opportunities to access very high-quality longer-term growth options at very competitive entry cost. So Melmar is a great example of that. Melmar, if you look at it its a very large four-way on the proven prolific Perdido trend. So we farmed into a 35% working interest position at all eight blocks covered by the structure. I think importantly, its one of the last undrilled large Paleogene four ways in the Perdido trend and therefore has a very high chance of geologic success. The second thing about it, it's got a water depth of about 5,200 feet now that's compared to 7,900 feet at Great White. And so that what that means is it has higher projected reservoir pressures compared to Great White. The development costs could be significantly lower, given the shallower depth, and importantly the rock properties across the impermeability and deliverability are also going to be likely be the best in the Perdido trend. So when you look at the prospect, it was one of these really quality prospects that you could get in at very low entry cost. So that's why we get it.
Doug Leggate: Okay. My final one, if I may, is also on exploration, Greg. And again, I realize Exxon is the operator. So the constraints that puts around you. But you did put $70 million in your budget for predevelopment. I'm just wondering what that means. Again, you hit rock quality with Melmar, but were hearing that the rock quality in Liza could be kind of off the charts. So if you could give some color there and maybe some idea as to what an early production system might look like, acknowledging that it is only one well and perhaps we are getting a little bit over our skis, but any color you can provide, it would be helpful. Thanks.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think, so first of all the rock property is fantastic. Very good porosity, very good permeability for deepwater at this depth, it is truly almost an outlier in that respect. Regarding the early production system we have money in our budget to begin looking at the development options, obviously the development options will be depended upon what you figure out in the appraisal program. So other than that we can't really be specific because it depends on what we find in the appraisal program, so but very good, very exciting Guyana province here.
Doug Leggate: Are you prepared to give us a scale on the discovery yet, Greg?
Gregory Hill: I cant yet, youll have to ask the operator about that.
Doug Leggate: I think that would be the answer. All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Edward Westlake: Good morning gentlemen. Just the market obviously, with the low strip prices, is very focused on outspend. Obviously youre spending 820 on the two developments and when they come on-stream, you will get the cash flow from that. Thats pretty obvious. But in terms of the next wave of spending around Guyana or the lower treasury. I am just trying to get a sense of are there any sort of lease terms which might force you into spending money, even if the oil price stays low? I am trying to get a sense of a way of asking 2017 exploration spend and development spend and maybe a trajectory into 2018.?
John Rielly: Sure, Ed. The way we look at it in and obviously as Greg said, Guyana is an exciting opportunity for us and you kind of laid it out with North Malay Basin coming on-stream in 2017 turning into a cash generator and then Stampede following in 2018. We don't really see any significant developments spend coming our way from Guyana in 2017 and 2018. We see further exploration spending coming in. So the bigger development spend will be coming in fitting nicely into our portfolio as North Malay Basin and Stampede come up. So I cant really give you any specific guidance, but that's how we think about the spending going over the next couple of years.
Edward Westlake: Okay. And then just on the Bakken, obviously with two rigs, it feels like youre going to be drawing down some undeveloped - sorry, drilled but uncompleted inventory. Maybe just an update as you roll - if you rolled a two-rig program out into 2017, what the impact would be on Bakken production.
John Rielly: Yes, I think Ed, with the two-rig program we feel pretty confident we can hold production in that range of 95,000 to 105,000 barrels a day through 2016. If you think about how that trajectories going to unfold those throughout 2016, its going to start the year at the high-end of the range and its going to be end the year at the lower end of the range. So if you fast-forward to 2017 and set I held two rigs through 2017 obviously you would see some decline year-on-year, you can't hold it flat for more than a year with two rigs.
Edward Westlake: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Cheng of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Hey gentlemen, good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: Greg, just curious then I mean just three months ago when you were talking about the guidance of the budget was a four rig program for Bakken, we talking about 95,000 to 105,000 and now with the two-rigs. Over the last three months, then, what may have changed that to make you increase the confidence that only two-rig and you actually also drop the number of well going to be on-stream next year from 100 to 80, but you keep the guidance to be the same. You said just that three months ago the guidance, you actually feel like you could be able to reach the high end. And now it is more like in the middle or in the lower end. Just trying to understand.
Gregory Hill: Okay, thanks Paul. Really there is four factors. So first of all the two-rig program is really focused in the core of the core with the higher EURs and IP rate. I think the second factor is weve increased the stage count from 35 being our standard design to 50-stage fracs as our standard. And if you look at the impact of the 50 stage design we are seeing about a 20% increase in IP 30, 60 and 90. So obviously that's going to carry through. I think the third thing is we are going to have increased gas and NGL capture in the plant as the Hawkeye south of the river system comes on in the third quarter of the year. And then the last is just increased drilling efficiencies. So further reductions in the spud-to-spud base. So its really all four of those factors add up to you can still hold the range even with the two-rig program.
Paul Cheng: And Greg, looked like the $600 million cut from the previous guidance, $300 million appears to be from the major projects. Because I thought previously you are talking about $1.5 billion in the major projects and now it is about $1.2 billion. Are you including the exploration or appraisal during Guyana and northern? Where is that $300 million has been reduced from?
John Rielly: Paul, I can answer this even - I guess maybe just a little bit more broadly. But of that $600 million about half of it is due to cost-saving. So we are seeing further cost savings from the numbers that that we had provided in October. So were getting about $300 million there across and some of it is in the development project, some of it is in our existing assets. And then the other half, like reducing to the two rigs in the Bakken is due to deferral of activity.
Paul Cheng: I see. And then, John, since that you are here, Algeria that the offset sales, have you already closed before the end of the year? In other words, is the money already in your balance sheet or that we should expect that in the first quarter? And if it is, how much is that?
John Rielly: So the actual transaction did close right before year-end. However, we have not received the cash yet. That will be coming in the first quarter. The contract though is confidential I can't give you the number on that. But it is not a significant amount.
Paul Cheng: So when you say not a significant, you say it means less than 100?
John Rielly: You can estimate that Paul. Yes.
Paul Cheng: Okay, that's fine. And I just want to clarify. I have to apologize that when you speak, I - John, you can correct me maybe. You're saying that the cash at the end of the year, excluding the Bakken, John mentioned is $2.3 billion or did I get that number wrong?
John Rielly: Right. No, you did. It is $2.7 billion sorry Paul.
Paul Cheng: $2.7 billion.
John Rielly: Yes, $2.7 billion.
Paul Cheng: Perfect. Thank you.
John Rielly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Asit Sen of CLSA. Your line is now open.
Asit Sen: Thanks, good morning. A couple of questions, if I may, on the cost structure. Historically, when looking at the Bakken, Greg, I think you have mentioned OpEx per barrel a split of 40% variable, 60% fixed, but the variable costs should benefit from the lower energy component. But there could be several moving parts in the fixed component, particularly as relates to lower field personnel costs. Could you update us on that? So that's number one. Number two: on DD&A per barrel, that number should also trend lower over the medium term. Could you discuss sort of the potential trajectory? And third, on the cost structure, Stampede first oil expected in 2018. I know the rigs have been contracted. What percent of the project cost is yet to be committed?
Gregory Hill: Okay I will try to answer all three of you. So the first one, you are focusing on the Bakken but it does apply across the portfolio that we do have high you know I mean there is a good amount of the costs that are fixed and so obviously we are trying to attack the fixed cost in this low-price environment as well as the variable costs and making sure we get all the variable costs out as we reduce activity. So we have been seen from lets just pick the Bakken on our cash cost per barrel weve been seen significant reductions like if you go back from the first quarter of 2014 through the fourth quarter of 2015. We've been seen significant cost reductions on our cash cost per barrel. And you probably heard when I gave the 2016 guidance we are giving guidance that our cash cost per barrel are going down in 2016 and thats with a reduction from 368,000 barrels a day pro forma production down to our 3.30 to 3.50. So we are trying to stay up with especially in this low oil price environment reducing fixed costs and variable costs and so we are attacking both of them. As far as DD&A from a trajectory standpoint, you heard from our guidance actually our DD&A was going up in 2016 and that it's directly related to the reserves. So you heard the reserves are going down from the price revisions so with those lower reserve amounts that's going to increase our DD&A up as prices recover, then those reserves will come right back on the book. And so in a normal environment what would be happening say in the Bakken as we continue to add reserves through our performance in additional drilling and now that weve got all the infrastructure spend kind of behind us our DD&A would be going down over time. As far as Stampede, and Im going to hand it back to Greg for that.
Gregory Hill: Yes, so thanks for that. Stampede, if you look at it most of the costs have already been committed, but we have taken advantage of the lower price and service environment and actually got some savings from Stampede. As we put in our capital press release yesterday, we will spend about $325 million in 2016 in Stampede.
Asit Sen: Great, that is very helpful. And then just a follow-up on Guyana, could you talk about well costs? I know Liza was probably less than $80 million, I think you mentioned. And could you remind us of the environment, water depth, et cetera if you could?
Gregory Hill: Yes, so you're right Liza was less than $80 million net to us. Regarding future well costs, you are going to have to refer to the operator. What I will say is obviously the appraisal wells will be higher cost, because were doing lots of testing and coring and the normal things that you would do in the appraisal part of the program.
Asit Sen: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from David Heikkinen of Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is now open.
David Heikkinen: Good morning guys. I have one high level question and one kind of lower level, what do you expect your year-end 2016 cash to be?
John Rielly: Okay, David thats - let me go through, Ill tell you how I think you should be looking at 2016. So we finished the year as you know with $2.7 billion of cash and obviously were going to have cash flow from operations in 2016. So as we just released yesterday, you saw our capital spend program is estimated to be $2.4 billion in 2016. In that $2.4 billion is approximately $200 million of exploration cash spend, like seismic and G&A thats part of cash flow. So we have to fund capital expenditures of $2.2 billion and we have our dividend of approximately $285 million, let me just round that to $300 million. So our capital and our dividend is going to be $2.5 billion in 2016. We have a cash balance at the end of 2015 of $2.7 billion. So effectively we can fund our capital program and our dividend out of our cash balance and still have $200 million left over at the end of 2016 and obviously we still have the revolver undrawn. So then with that $200 million left from the cash account, David I am going to give you some work to do here. Because now you have to estimate what the cash flow from operations are going to be in 2016 and that depends on your commodity price assumption. So weve given you the production guidance, the cash cost guidance and whatever cash flow from operations that you then come to you can add to that $200 million and thats where we will sit. So we are in a good liquidity position coming into this year and I think that's how you have to look at 2016.
David Heikkinen: Yes, you did not want to fill in the blank that I was looking for. That is fair enough. On the other side, Greg, the new stage count is pretty impressive. And then you are coming up. So just trying to get an idea of 2016 Bakken development. Do you have any idea of what 30, 60, and 90-day rates would be? Just round numbers would be helpful on a BOE basis.
Gregory Hill: I think we have given guidance before and well be at the upper end of that range obviously because we are in the core of the core of the Bakken. So our previous guidance will be in the high-end of the range.
David Heikkinen: Yes, it just seemed like you are double dipping with the new wells and core of the core that it would have been even above that range, potentially.
Gregory Hill: It will be. Once you had the 50-stage fracs, so we need to update our guidance once we get over entirely.
David Heikkinen: Okay, perfect. Overall that through, too and then just net-net of everything, what is your Bakken net back expected to be in the first quarter?
John Rielly: So we never really try to forecast because its so difficult quarter-to-quarter, so in the fourth quarter we were - the Bakken was getting between $6 and $7 under TI and again the economics are right now favoring more to pipe then rail.
Gregory Hill: Yes, about 75% of our volume now is on pipe and the clear book differential that goes into that $6 number that John was just talking as a discount to WTI just maybe 250 refineries and turnarounds so that number was about 150 before. So there's a lot of dollar weakness now, but refineries come back on we expect that to recover.
David Heikkinen: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Guy Baber of Simmons & Company. Your line is now open.
Guy Baber: Good morning everybody.
Gregory Hill: Good morning.
Guy Baber: You all have consistently mentioned that preserving your operating capability is a key objective for the Company. And that is the strategic question for me, particularly in the Bakken. But can you talk about striking that balance between cutting CapEx and rigs to protect the balance sheet versus preserving your capability so that you can respond in a timely manner when you get the appropriate oil price signal. Is that a concern for you guys with two rigs running? And is it a concern for you all for the industry at large in the Bakken from what you can see?
Gregory Hill: Thanks for that question. It is striking the balance and I think with our budget and operating two-rigs in the Bakken, we think we've achieved the right balance. So were doing creative things with doubling up people and moving them over to special assignments and all at, making sure that they're ready for the inevitable ramp-up that will come in the Bakken.
Guy Baber: Okay, thanks. And then my follow-up is on the committed CapEx going forward, thinking through 2017 and 2018, we know that major project spending, long lead time, obligations are falling off over the next few years. But can you give us any specific indications as to how much decline in 2017 - is the majority of the North Malay Basin CapEx in 2016, you're not going to have that spending commitment in 2017? Or is that more of a 2018 event? Just trying to get a better sense there as I think it would help us better appreciate and understand the evolution of the free cash flow profile in a flat oil price environment, which is an important consideration.
John Rielly: Sure, so from a commitment standpoint what wed be looking at over the next couple of years is to complete North Malay Basin, to complete Stampede and obviously continue the exploration that we have going on in particular in Guyana. So in 2017, the North Malay Basin will be coming online so we have $375 million in the budget this year that is essentially reducing our free cash flow by that $375 million. Now, we don't have exactly what the budget will be for North Malay Basin next year as far as pure capital, but it will be considerably lower than the $375 million, but again no matter what that number is it will be generating free cash flow. So as you look to 2017 you will get an improvement of free cash flow just related to North Malay Basin of $375 million. And then again you follow-on that with Stampede so you have $325 million this year not generating free cash flow. Again we don't have the budget set for 2017. I don't expect it to be that different in 2017 as you move forward with Stampede and so it won't be until 2018 that youll turnaround that $325 million of free cash flow.
Guy Baber: Thats helpful. Thank you guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Evan Calio: Hey guys, good morning guys. Just to start off with a follow-up to a prior cash question. What do you guys consider the minimum operating cash limits on the balance sheet? And I realize on most of the math that you supplied before on the call, you can currently support the dividend, given your balance sheet strength. How do you consider the dividend strategy in the context of the constrained cash flow environment? And the amount or the breadth of longer-term investment opportunities that you have as you navigate 2016?
John Rielly: Sure Evan. So again, as we go through that, I mean we are just on a good position probably relative to our competition with this $2.7 billion of cash. We don't need any cash flow from operations to fund our capital program, as I mentioned of $2.2 billion, plus the dividend if I round up to $300 million. So we can fund that completely out of our cash account and have $200 million left over in there. And there will be, if you want to sit at a minimum level you are somewhere around that, say at the $200 million that you want to at least keep in our system between the U.S. and internationally. But again we don't even need any cash flow from operations just to repeat that to fund the capital or dividend. So anything again as your estimate for cash flow from operations will just get added to that cash balance. We won't be near this any minimum levels as it relates to cash.
Evan Calio: Yes, that makes sense. And I have a couple smaller follow-up items. Can you give a cost or EUR uplift from the 50-stage Bakken completions versus the 35-stage design?
Gregory Hill: Yes, so if you look at 2015 particularly at the back half of year when we had a lot of 50-stages coming online. We were at the top end of our guidance range so the 550 to 650 we were at the very top end of that. We average 650 for the whole year in 2015. And as we drill on the core of the core you know next year and do the 50-stage fracs we expect to be in the high-600 to the mid-700 range. So you're seeing that uplift, also on the IP rates you could see a similar sort of effect I mean the range we've given on the IP rate is 800 to 950 and obviously with 50-stage fracs on the IP rate you're going to be up there. One another point I want to make about you know the well costs on the Bakken. The well costs for the fourth quarter averaged $5.1 million per well, which is about a 28% reduction from the year ago and 4% reduction from Q3 again that lean manufacturing machine just continuing to work. We said that we expect cost next year to be broadly flat at that $5 million to $5.1 million per well level. But of course that math, the significant amount of ongoing improvement because embedded in that number of the $5.1 million is the 40% increase in stage count. So we expect to fully offset that increased cost due to the higher stage count with continued lean manufacturing gain. So again, a 20% uplift in production for basically the same cost is what you have this year. So obviously that's going to be good for returns.
Evan Calio: And then I guess a similar spud to spud - I think it was an 18 day, or is that what that number is? We should assume?
Gregory Hill: Yes, it will improve again next year I mean this year we averaged about 22 wells per rig during the year that's going to increase to say, 24 or so next year.
Evan Calio: Great. And then lastly for me, a small one. If you can share what you booked on North Malay expansion 2016, just so I know how much of that project value is potentially reflected in your reserve numbers?
John Rielly: Oh no, that was not - there was no addition to our reserves in 2015 for the North Malay Basin expansion.
Evan Calio: Can you give us a number of what that - what is in there - what is in your - what you've booked or what you have as PUDs there?
John Rielly: Okay, so what we have for North Malay Basin and this is kind of you get to this unique reserve accounting of rules because we don't - during 2015 we did not have a significant amount of wells in the ground that we could book proved reserves on and as Greg mentioned we started the drilling program more - now ticking it off in 2016 to drill up the reservoirs. We didn't have that significant of reserves say initially. And then when you run it through the reserve accounting requirements because those proved reserves are low compared to the gas sale contract we can't book the reserves here in 2015. So what will happen is as Gregs team just drills out in 2016, well actually begin booking the reserves at North Malay Basin.
Evan Calio: Okay. Thats helpful. I will follow-up offline.
John Rielly: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brian Singer of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian Singer: Thank you and good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Brian Singer: I wanted to follow up on some of the Guyana questions. You mentioned that the early production system depends on the appraisal program. Can you talk more specifically about what you expect to learn with the Liza-2? And then the same kind of question for how the next three wells that you are drilling and planning this year differ and what the learnings could be from those wells as well.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think so let's talk about Liza appraisal first. I mean we want to get a dynamic test that will tell us about potential compartmentalization in Liza. We also want to find where the contact is so that will be the primary two objectives of the appraisal wells in Liza. The exploration wells are basically the objective there is to figure out what we are seeing on seismic, is that replicable in other areas of the block, because we have a lot of look-alikes on seismic. So we want to get a well or two in a couple of the other things and see what running room we have on the block. We think there's a lot, but obviously you'll need some more wells to figure that out.
Brian Singer: Great, thanks. And then my follow-up is with regards to M&A. You mentioned really going back a year valuations never really looked attractive from a consolidation perspective. And I wondered, A, if you could kind of comment on how those look now. And then B, recognizing that preserving balance sheet is one of your key objectives, is the opportunity set that you now see at Guyana and at Sicily so meaningful that it reduces your interest level and even considering shale consolidation?
John Hess: Look, a fair question on M&A. We always look at the outside to see if there are opportunities that will make our portfolios stronger, improve our economic opportunities for investment and also not sacrifice our balance sheet strength and while values have come down just to reiterate while our priority is first and foremost the strength of our balance sheet and obviously the companies really well positioned with our $2.7 billion of cash at the end of the year, one of the strongest balance sheets and liquidity positions among our peers. We further strengthen that balance sheet by the further reduction in our spending for 2016 to the $2.4 billion number. Were talking about; it's about value not volume. So the whole focus is the balance sheet and yet at the same time it's very important that the company, we are in a long-term business. Everybody is thinking short-term that we invest for future growth on a disciplined and focused basis and we feel were extremely well positioned with the growth options that we have both in North Malay Basin and Stampede, but also obviously Guyana that the company is going to benefit quite a bit and our shareholders as well as oil prices recover ultimately with these growth options that weve already assembled. So we feel pretty good about what weve already captured and therefore M&A is very low on the priority list.
Brian Singer: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Roger Read: Good morning.
John Hess: Good morning.
Roger Read: I guess two questions, one on the Bakken in terms of the efficiencies. Do you continue to do testing in this environment or with the two-well program strictly we should think about it as development and maybe putting further efficiencies on a hold for now? Or it's a drive for further efficiencies?
Gregory Hill: No, I think part of lean manufacturing is every day you look for the next improvement. So in terms of piloting though I think we've done the infills nine and eight and very successful, 50-stage fracs been very successful. So those now will become our standard design obviously in the core of the core. But every day, we are looking for the next improvement right. So that that drive will continue, that will go on, and we are constantly trying to improve everything across our business there. And thats all part of the lean manufacturing philosophy.
Roger Read: Okay, thanks. And then as you think about and you mentioned earlier in the beginning of the call, opportunities in the deepwater you have been able to get in; others are struggling on the cash flow side. As you look at some of those partners and you think about taking these projects forward, either on an appraisal well or ultimately full development, if it works out that way, what sort of I guess roadblocks may we run into, where partners simply don't want to fund those next steps? And how do we - it has been a long time since we've had a downturn like this. How should we think about the workout of that process over time?
Gregory Hill: Well, certainly if you think about what we are in currently so Sicily, clearly Chevron wants to move forward or aligned to that on the appraisal. ConocoPhillips obviously moved forward with Melmar, Guyana moving forward with Exxon; Nova Scotia BP moving forward. So we don't really see any partner risk of people not wanting to move forward. Regarding your question, in the opportunity space. There is a lot of opportunity out there, very good prospects, very low entry cost, but we are going to be extremely disciplined and it's going to have to be really good in order for us to even consider adding it to the mix. And Melmar was one example of something that was very good and we made the decision to get in, but we are going to be extremely disciplined and very selective on how we do that.
Roger Read: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers. Your line is now open.
Jeffrey Campbell: Thank you. The first question I wanted to ask was did I understand correctly that the reduced spending at North Malay and Stampede was largely on cost saving? And if so, can you indicate where, what sort of savings we are talking about? And also was I correct that the timelines to first oil are intact?
John Rielly: Ill start with the timelines to first oil are intact. When I was talking about cost savings, it was across the portfolio, we had a mix of that $600 million worth kind of a half of it was cost savings and a half of it was deferment of activity. So there is a mix on North Malay Basin and Stampede, it's not like that was all cost savings.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay. And then thinking about - and staying on the theme of cost savings and the offshore, I was just wondering can you comment broadly about your current view of industry efforts to reduce offshore development costs? And specifically I am thinking of back when you said that Guyana looked great at $80 a barrel, but not as much at lower oil prices. Other than waiting for a higher future oil price, do you see developments unfolding that can make a play like Guyana better able to attract capital in a better, but still moderate oil price environment?
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think so I mean if you look at cost reductions if you look at the onshore I would say the progression of cost reductions in the onshore has been much more rapid than the offshore. For very practical reason the offshore fleet - there's still a lot of rigs on contract at relatively high prices. The yards are full, still full as you kind of look around the globe so we see that really opening up though as rigs come off contract in the offshore as the yards become not at capacity those costs are going to come down as well. Its just taking longer than the offshore because they are very busy. So I think if you are developing something in that timeframe of 2017 or so I think you really get the full benefit of that. We are already seeing those benefits in Guyana with the rig rates that Exxon was able to get Guyana also the seismic boat rates that they were able to get Guyana. So you are starting to see some of that come through the value chain, but more they come on the offshore.
Jeffrey Campbell: And if I could just follow up on that a little bit further. I was also wondering, because I'm sure you are watching, do you see anything with regard to trends, like trying to standardize subsidy approaches, things on the engineering side that might suggest that you can drive costs down on that basis as well?
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think so. I think there is nothing like a low price for companies to get innovative and I know a lot of my service company colleagues in the major oil companies are all getting together talking about how can we better standardizes an industry to lower the overall cost structure of the industry. We are doing that in our developments, for example we are using a lot of the same things that came out of Tubular Bells and Stampede making sure there's not as much bespoke equipment that really tends to drive your cost up.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, that was very helpful. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Pavel Molchanov: Hey guys. You addressed the M&A question from the buy side. I guess maybe Ill try it from the sell side. You have been a net seller of assets for more than three years now. Has that pretty much run its course with the Algeria deal? Or are you still looking to monetize additional assets other than of course the Bakken MLP?
John Hess: A fair question. We will always look to optimize our portfolio you know in the normal course of business. So we will continue to take that approach.
Pavel Molchanov: Any particular geographies that come to mind?
John Hess: No.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay, all right. I will leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Phillips Johnston of Capital One. Your line is now open.
Phillips Johnston: Hi, guys thanks. Just a follow-up on Ed's question earlier. On the declines on the Bakken, if we assume you continue to run two-rigs throughout this year and next. Can you give us an update on what sort of cushion you have on your MBCs if we just assume your operator production continues to decline and if we assume production from other operators also declines in the basin? You've got some incremental volumes I think coming in through the Hawkeye system, which should sort of help offset that. But can you just give us an update on your latest thinking there, and whether or not that is something that we should be concerned about?
John Rielly: First of all, no I guess is the answer on an overall basis, I just wanted to let you know in our supplement that is being posted we actually have the 2016 minimum volume commitments there, maybe I can just walk you through that from a processing standpoint this 2016 commitment is a 186 million scuffs a day. In the fourth quarter were right at that 186 and as I mentioned earlier we had unplanned downtime in the third quarter were up at 210 in the second quarter 202, don't see any issues with that with the two-rig program. From the pipeline standpoint we gathered 50,000 barrels of oil per day and the commitment is 45 in 2016 and gas gathering was 198 in the fourth quarter and the minimal vol is 189 do not see an issue there. So the one small thing that we may see and we think its under $10 million save to us, is going to be on our logistics on the rail. Because as we mentioned earlier the economics now are favoring more to the pipeline but obviously that can change. So just from in the fourth quarter our terminal throughput was 62,000 barrels of oil per day the minimum volume commitment is 73,000 back in the second quarter we had 82 going through that terminal. But as far as the rail terminal crude loading, we were at 42,000 barrels a day the minimum volume coming is 38 and for rail services is 43,000 barrels a day for the minimum volume commitment and the fourth quarter was at 43,000. So bottom line we do not expect any real issues from the minimum volume standpoint and the build-out for the Hawkeye south of the river will begin to add throughput back into the system for us.
Phillips Johnston: And just on that Hawkeye system, have you quantified what sort of incremental volumes you are expecting from that?
John Rielly: Yes, if you hold on one second I can give you we had not quantified per se what are the additional volumes that absolutely will be coming through, but I can give you capacity from the south of the river infrastructures so we are adding approximately 75,000 barrels a day from the oil standpoint and 50 million cubic feet per day from the gas compression. Now the project itself is also going to add interconnection points for the capture of third-party oil volumes into the midstream system as well.
Phillips Johnston: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from John Herrlin of Societe Generale. Your line is now open.
John Herrlin: Yes, hi. Just some quick ones for me. With Melmar, did COP approach you or did you approach COP in terms of the farming?
Gregory Hill: Its been a joint thing; weve been talking to each other for the last year and a half about Melmar.
John Herrlin: Okay, that's fine. With your PUD reductions, was it all price, or just some of it reduced activity?
Gregory Hill: Actually, it was both so if you look at the reductions as we mentioned in our opening remarks there were 282 million barrels of price related revision, 50 million of that was related to the Bakken five-year rule, so thats just purely reduced rig counts that push wells out of the five-year window so that was about 50 million barrels. The remaining 234 of that 282 is really across the portfolio, but it split about 60% Bakken and 40% offshore. So that kind of gives you a relative sense of where those movements were.
John Herrlin: Okay, great. Last one for me regarding the Bakken, you are increasing the number of stages. Are you changing the sand loadings at all? For your fracs?
Gregory Hill: Not really, although it does vary depending on where you are in the field. Typical sand loadings are anywhere from 75,000 to 100,000 pounds per stage, and just depending on where you are in the field we modify that based on the data.
John Herrlin: Okay. And what drove all decline rates? Still high 20s?
Gregory Hill: For the portfolio or what?
John Herrlin: For the Bakken portfolio, yes.
Gregory Hill: Well, I mean if you think about the - we averaged 112,000 barrels a day this year, the range is 95 to 105 so if you pick the middle that gives you a sense of how much the Bakken is going to decline year-on-year, right.
John Herrlin: Okay, all right. Thanks.
Gregory Hill: Okay. You bet.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference. Thank you for your participation. And you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp. John B. Hess - Hess Corp. Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp. John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.
Analysts: Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2015 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Mallory and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Mallory. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Offer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will view progress in executing our strategy in the current low oil price environment and provide some highlights from the quarter. Greg Hill will discuss our operating performance and John Rielly will then review our financial results. The three key principles that guide us are to preserve the strength of our balance sheet, preserve our capabilities, and preserve our growth options. We have moved aggressively over the course of 2015 to reduce our costs, capturing about $600 million in reductions so far, split evenly between capital expenditures and cash operating costs. For 2016, we intend to significantly reduce our level of spending in order to preserve our balance sheet and liquidity. While our 2016 budgeting process will not be finalized until the end of the year, we currently expect next year's E&P capital and exploratory expenditures to be in the range of $2.9 billion to $3.1 billion compared to $4.1 billion in 2015, excluding expenditures associated with a 50% interest in our Bakken Midstream joint venture. This reduction of more than $1 billion represents approximately a 27% decrease from 2015. In the Bakken, we are currently planning to operate four rigs in 2016. We dropped one rig in the third quarter and plan to operate seven rigs for the balance of this year. We also plan to curtail investment in our offshore assets in 2016. We intend to defer further development drilling in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea, and in Equatorial Guinea. In addition, we will complete a major booster compression project at the JDA in the first half of 2016, which will reduce our spend there next year. In terms of our financial position, we have one of the strongest balance sheets and liquidity positions within our peer group. At September 30, our net debt-to-capitalization ratio, excluding the Bakken Midstream joint venture, was 13% and we had nearly $8 billion of available liquidity including $3 billion of cash. In 2016, we expect to fund our base business expenditures and dividends through cash flow from operations and use cash on the balance sheet to fund our growth investments, which include two development projects and exploration and appraisal activities. While it is prudent to plan for continued low oil prices in 2016, we also believe that Hess is well positioned to benefit when oil prices recover. We are more leveraged to liquids than our peers, with industry-leading cash margins. Also, our advantaged tax positions in the United States and Norway will accelerate cash flow growth as oil prices improve. Our portfolio has significant growth opportunities; in the near-term, from the Bakken and Utica; in the intermediate term, from new field start-ups at North Malay Basin in 2017 and Stampede in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico in 2018; and in the longer term, recent material exploration discoveries at Liza in Guyana and Sicily in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico provide significant upside potential for our shareholders. Both of these discoveries are planned to be appraised in early 2016. Now turning to our financial results. In the third quarter of 2015, we posted a net loss of $279 million. On an adjusted basis, the net loss was $291 million, or $1.03 per share, compared to net income of $1.24 per share in the year-ago quarter. Compared to the third quarter of 2014, our financial results were primarily impacted by lower crude oil and natural gas selling prices, which more than offset the impact of higher crude oil and natural gas sales volumes, and lower cash costs and exploration expense. During the third quarter, we again delivered strong operating performance. Net production averaged 380,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 21% from the year-ago quarter, excluding Libya. This improvement was driven by higher production from the Bakken and Utica shale plays and the Tubular Bells Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. In light of our continued strong performance, we are increasing our forecast for 2015 full-year production to a range of 370,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 375,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from our previous guidance of 360,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 370,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This increase represents a 16% to 18% improvement over 2014, excluding Libya. In the fourth quarter of 2015, we forecast production to average approximately 360,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Based on 2016 capital and exploratory expenditures in the range of $2.9 billion to $3.1 billion, our preliminary forecast is, for 2016 production, to be in the range of 330,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 350,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Turning to the Bakken. Production averaged 113,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter, above our guidance range. For the full year 2015, we now expect production to average approximately 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to our previous guidance of a range of 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the fourth quarter of 2015, we forecast production to average approximately 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Based on our current plans for a four-rig program next year, our preliminary forecast for Bakken production is to average in the range of 95,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In summary, we delivered strong operating performance while maintaining a robust financial and liquidity position. With further significant spending reductions underway, we are well positioned in the current low oil price environment and are taking a disciplined approach to preserve our financial strength, competitively advantaged capabilities, and long-term growth options. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thank you, John. I'd like to provide an operational update and review overall progress in executing our strategy. We believe strongly that it's prudent to plan for continued low oil prices next year and prioritize preserving the strength of our balance sheet. In this light, we are planning further significant reductions in our capital and exploratory expenditures in 2016. In the Bakken, we plan to operate a four-rig program next year compared to 8.5 rigs in 2015 and 17 rigs in 2014. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we plan to defer further development drilling at the Tubular Bells and Llano Fields. In the North Sea, we will complete the current drilling program at the Hess-operated South Arne Field in Denmark in the first quarter of 2016, and will then release the rig and defer further drilling. In Equatorial Guinea, where demobilization of the rig was completed during the third quarter of this year, we will defer drilling in 2016 to allow time for processing and interpretation of new 4D seismic. At the Valhall Field in Norway, the operator plans to leave the platform rig stacked over the majority of 2016. And at the JDA in the Gulf of Thailand, we will complete a major booster compression project in the first half of 2016, after which capital for the rest of the year will be significantly reduced. As John mentioned, when oil prices recover, we are competitively well positioned and have both the capabilities and the opportunities to drive future profitable growth. Now, turning to the third quarter of 2015. We delivered strong operating performance across our portfolio, further improved our onshore drilling costs, and progressed our offshore developments and exploration activities. Starting with production. In the third quarter, we averaged 380,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, exceeding our previous guidance of 355,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 365,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the quarter, reflecting strong performance from our producing assets. As a result, we have raised our full-year 2015 production guidance to between 370,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and 375,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. On this same basis, we forecast production in the fourth quarter to average approximately 360,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our fourth quarter forecast reflects the impact of lower activity levels across our portfolio. Turning to unconventionals. In the third quarter, production from the Bakken averaged 113,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, compared to 119,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter, and 86,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter. High production availability and strong well performance allowed us to exceed our previous guidance of 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the quarter. In the third quarter, we operated an average of seven rigs in the Bakken and brought 48 wells online. In 2015, we expect to drill 183 wells, complete 212, and bring 219 online, with an average of 8.5 rigs for the year. This compares to last year, when we drilled 261 wells, completed 230, and brought 238 wells online, with an average of 17 rigs. For the drilling rigs alone, this represents a 40% efficiency improvement year-on-year as result of the application of our distinctive lean manufacturing capability. In the fourth quarter, we expect Bakken production to continue to move modestly lower and average between 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting fewer new wells being brought online. For the full year 2015, we expect Bakken production to average approximately 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is at the upper-end of the guidance range announced on our second quarter call. Through lean manufacturing, we continue to drive Bakken drilling and completion costs lower. In the third quarter, our D&C costs averaged $5.3 million per well, versus $5.6 million in the second quarter, and $7.2 million in the year-ago quarter. With these low costs and by drilling some of the highest productivity wells in the play, we continue to generate some of the highest returns in the Bakken. Despite moving to four rigs, we expect to hold production in 2016 relatively flat with fourth quarter 2015 guidance through a combination of efficiency gains, including lower spud-to-spud days, higher well and facility availability and by capturing more NGLs and natural gas at the gas plant. Our preliminary 2016 forecast is to bring approximately 100 new wells online with production averaging between 95,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. As a reminder, substantially, all of our Bakken acreage is held by production and assuming a four-rig program at current strip prices and well costs, we retain a greater than 10-year inventory of drilling locations that can generate after-tax returns of 15% or higher. In total, we have more than 3,000 future drilling locations in the Bakken. And, as prices recover, we will increase our rig count and activity level as appropriate. Moving to the Utica. In the third quarter, the joint venture drilled five wells, completed five, and brought 11 on production. Net production for the third quarter averaged 28,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 11,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter and 22,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter of 2015. For the full year 2015, we expect Utica production to be at the upper-end of our guidance range of 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Turning to offshore. At the Tubular Bells Field in the Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 19,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter. During the quarter, we experienced a mechanical issue related to a sub-surface safety valve that is stuck in the closed position as well as wellbore skin effects at two producing wells. While these issues are not unusual in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, it will require sub-surface well intervention work in the coming months. As a result, we have now lowered our full year 2015 forecast to approximately 20,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. However, we expect production to be higher in 2016 as a result of this remediation work. At the Stampede development project in the Gulf of Mexico in which Hess holds a 25% working interest in as operator, fabrication work continues on both the TLP hull and topsides. Drilling is expected to commence in the first quarter of 2016 with first oil targeted for 2018. At North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, in which Hess has a 50% working interest in as operator, third quarter net production averaged 39 million cubic feet per day through the early production system and is expected to remain at around 40 million cubic feet per day through 2016. In the third quarter, we progressed fabrication of the central processing platform, which is part of the full field development project. The project is on schedule to be completed in 2017, and is expected to increase net production to 165 million cubic feet per day. In Norway, at the BP-operated Valhall Field, in which Hess has a 64% interest, net production averaged 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter. Planned maintenance activities have been successfully completed, and we continue to expect full year 2015 net production to be in the range of 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to exploration. On the Stabroek Block offshore Guyana, where Hess holds a 30% working interest, we believe Liza, which logged 295 feet of high-quality oil-bearing reservoir, is a significant oil discovery. The operator, Esso Exploration and Production Guyana Limited, plans to drill an appraisal well in the first quarter of 2016, and is currently completing preparatory technical work and developing drilling plans. We're encouraged by the potential of the Stabroek Block, which is approximately the size of 1,150 Gulf of Mexico blocks. Over 50% of a new 17,000 square kilometer 3D seismic shoot has now been completed, and we're evaluating both potential development options for Liza, as well as the additional resource potential on the block. In the Gulf of Mexico, we continue to evaluate the results of the Chevron-operated Sicily discovery, in which Hess holds a 25% working interest. An appraisal well to further evaluate the discovery is planned to spud later this year. In closing, I'm very pleased with our team, who once again achieved strong operational performance in the current low oil price environment amid significant changes in activity. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the third quarter of 2015 to the second quarter of 2015. Our adjusted net loss, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, was $291 million in the third quarter of 2015, compared to $147 million in the second quarter of 2015. On a GAAP basis, the corporation incurred a net loss of $279 million in the third quarter of 2015, compared with a net loss of $567 million in the second quarter of 2015. Turning to E&P. On an adjusted basis, E&P incurred losses of $221 million in the third quarter of 2015 compared to a loss of $96 million in the second quarter of 2015. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted results for E&P between the third quarter of 2015 and the second quarter of 2015 were as follows. Lower realized selling prices reduced results by $143 million. Lower sales volumes reduced results by $33 million. Lower cash operating costs improved results by $15 million. Lower exploration expenses improved results by $9 million. Lower DD&A expense improved results by $9 million. All other items net to an improvement in results of $18 million for an overall reduction in third quarter adjusted results of $125 million. In the third quarter, our E&P operations were over-lifted compared with production by approximately 100,000 barrels, which had no significant impact on our financial results. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, was a benefit of 47% for the third quarter of 2015. This effective rate was favorable to the top end of our guidance range by 2% and primarily resulted from the mix of income generated by operations during the quarter. The E&P effective tax rate in the second quarter of 2015 was a benefit of 56%. Turning to Midstream. On July 1, we formed the Bakken Midstream joint venture with Global Infrastructure Partners by selling a 50% interest that generated after-tax proceeds of approximately $3 billion, including the corporation's share of debt proceeds issued by the joint venture at formation. Following the completion of this sale, the corporation will fully consolidate the operating results, assets and liabilities of the Bakken Midstream segment in its consolidated financial statements with our partner's share being reflected as a non-controlling interest. The Bakken Midstream segment had net income of $16 million in the third quarter of 2015 compared with $32 million in the second quarter of 2015, primarily reflecting the impact of the 50% non-controlling interest. Bakken Midstream EBITDA, excluding non-controlling interest, amounted to $79 million in the third quarter of 2015 compared to $74 million in the previous quarter. Turning to Corporate and Interest. After-tax corporate and interest expenses, excluding items affecting comparability, were $86 million in the third quarter of 2015 compared to $83 million in the second quarter of 2015. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter including a decrease of $207 million from changes in working capital was $282 million. Additions to property, plant and equipment were $963 million. Proceeds from dispositions amounted to $2.667 billion. Borrowings were $600 million. Distribution of loan proceeds to our joint venture partner were $300 million. Repayments of debt were $17 million. Common stock dividends paid were $71 million. Common stock acquired and retired amounted to $64 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $52 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $2.082 billion. Turning to our financial position. Excluding amounts held in our Bakken Midstream joint venture, we had approximately $3 billion of cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2015, compared to $1 billion at June 30, 2015. Total debt, excluding Bakken Midstream, was $6 billion at September 30, 2015, and our debt-to-capitalization ratio was 22.7%. Now let me update you on changes to our 2015 guidance. We now project cash costs for E&P operations to be in a range of $16 per barrel of oil equivalent to $17 per barrel of oil equivalent in the fourth quarter, and $15.50 per barrel to $16 per barrel for the full year, which is down from previous full year guidance of $16.50 per barrel to $17.50 per barrel. DD&A per barrel for the fourth quarter of 2015 is forecast to be $29 per barrel to $30 per barrel and $28.50 per barrel to $29 per barrel for the full year of 2015, versus previous guidance of $28.50 per barrel to $29.50 per barrel. This results in updated projected total E&P unit costs of $45 per barrel to $47 per barrel in the fourth quarter and $44 per barrel to $45 per barrel for the full year of 2015. The Bakken Midstream tariff expense is expected to be $3.80 per barrel of oil equivalent to $3.90 per barrel of oil equivalent for the fourth quarter of 2015, and $3.35 per barrel of oil equivalent to $3.45 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2015. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs and items affecting comparability, are expected to be in the range of $115 million to $125 million in the fourth quarter, and $340 million to $350 million for the full year, which is down from previous full-year guidance of $380 million to $400 million. Turning to Midstream. For the fourth quarter of 2015, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Bakken Midstream segment, which reflects our 50% ownership, will be in the range of $15 million to $20 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Edward Westlake with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes. First question really around the cash cycle. I mean, I like what you're doing with the capital discipline. Obviously, you've got Stampede and North Malay that you have to complete. But as you look to the other side of it when you get to sort of 2017, where do you sort of see cash neutrality for where cash flow covering CapEx and dividend heads out, given cost deflation and activity choices?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Ed. So, I mean, as we look at it, first of all, let me just discuss I guess 2016. Our budget has not been finalized yet. So as you look at 2016, and I think it's exactly as you said, we do expect to cover our base business expenditures and dividends through our cash flow from operations, and even at this low commodity price environment. And then, we'll use the cash on the balance sheet as needed to fund our growth projects in 2016, which include North Malay Basin and Stampede and our exploration and appraisal activities, which Greg mentioned. So then, as you move on to 2017, North Malay Basin comes online. So North Malay Basin becomes a cash flow generator and increases our production in 2017. And then, Stampede comes on in 2018, becomes a cash flow generator in 2018. So as we look at this, and I think in going through the cycle, we're just balancing everything that we've talking about, preserving that financial strength, keeping these operating capabilities and preserving these growth options so that as we move through 2017 and 2018, we're in a good position to begin to start generating cash flow at that point in time.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then, one of the big exciting areas obviously is Liza. You've got to do appraisal. I don't know how many prospects you've actually managed to map on the block at this stage, but maybe talk a little bit about how aggressive you're going to get after the exploration phase, and then maybe even early production on the field.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, so I guess a little context first. The Liza, a very significant discovery, again, it's 295 feet of very high quality sandstone. And importantly, the well also proved that there's a working petroleum system on this very large block, which is about 1,150 Gulf of Mexico blocks. Now, Ed, we're about 50% complete with a seismic shoot that covers over 70% of that block; it's about a 17,000 square kilometer shoot. So we're about half done. So the next step, obviously, is to complete that seismic. We're also planning appraisal and exploration drilling next year with the operator. We haven't finalized all that yet, so I can't really be specific. But there's two objectives: appraise Liza and then get started on other exploration prospects on the block. There's numerous lookalikes to Liza, for example. And then the third thing we're going to do is we're starting to evaluate potential Liza development options. So how would we develop this significant development called Liza. So those are kind of the three things that are going on.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks very much.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning, everybody.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Morning.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: I've got a couple of questions on the capital budget also. John, how much of this $3 billion midpoint guidance is what you'd characterize as non-producing capital, exploration and those large projects at this point?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So, first off, as you know, right, just in light of this low oil price environment, we wanted to get this preliminary 2016's guidance out on our capital and exploratory program. It is difficult at this point, because we haven't completed our budget process, to be really specific on our numbers, just in general across our portfolio. And we will do that in January. At a high level, though, we're going to be continuing to spend on North Malay Basin and Stampede, and you can think about it in the general same area as it was in 2015. But we will provide specifics on that in 2016. And then exploration, we'll have to provide  as Greg said, there's still  we still have work to do on Guyana  we'll provide more information on that in January of 2016. But I guess, if you put it altogether, it shouldn't be that much different than the growth capital that we were spending this year.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: So, just to be clear, North Malay and Stampede have got about $900 million this year. And exploration, I guess, is about $400 million to $500 million. So is it reasonable to think about it as roughly about half your spending next year is not contributing to production?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes, that is reasonable. Again  so the way I would call it, Doug, it's not contributing to production next year, but obviously we're building this portfolio, and we're: one, adding resources to the portfolio with North Malay Basin and Stampede, which will become cash flow generators in 2017 and 2018. And then, as Greg has mentioned, we're excited about the potential of adding future resources for Guyana, so we've got that long-term resources being added to our portfolio.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. So I guess swinging to the Bakken then. What I'm really trying to understand is what four rigs means for the Bakken. So I guess I'm not even quite sure how to ask this question. If these four rigs stabilize the production on an exit-to-exit basis once you get to the end of 2016, and if I'm thinking about this right, when you get done with those major capital projects, leaving aside what happens in Guyana, does that non-productive capital, if you like, then swing back to what are still probably some of the highest return assets in your portfolio? In other words, do you go back to a 14-rig, 15-rig program in the Bakken towards the end of the decade as our capital frees up? Is that how we should think about it?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, so first of all, Doug, what happens to the Bakken, as we kind of said in our opening remarks, with a four-rig program in 2016, we expect the Bakken to stay roughly flat with Q4 2015. So that would add  we've guided 95,000 barrels a day to 105,000 barrels a day for 2016. Now, the obvious question is, well, how can we hold production flat with four rigs? And it's really three ways. Increase drilling efficiencies and higher availability on existing production because there's less SIMOPS going on. And then increased gas and NGL capture in plant. Now, if you project out further and ask, how long can we hold production flat in a four-rig case? We could do that for several years. So we could hold Bakken at about 100,000 barrels a day for several years just with the four-rig program. And obviously, as cash flow becomes free, as we swing off these growth projects, where we divert that capital will be a function of return obviously. But clearly, the Bakken is one of the best projects we have in our portfolio, so it'll be very high in the queue for a future call on capital.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Last quick one, Greg, if I may. Just there's been some talk of Exxon moving to an early production system in Liza. Can you offer any comments on scale and timing?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Can't really, Doug. The one thing I will say is that we're in preliminary studies to evaluate what might be development options for Liza B, and there's a variety of possibilities there.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thanks a lot, everybody.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Guy Baber with Simmons. Your line is now open.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Good morning, everybody, and thanks for providing the initial 2016 guidance for us. We appreciate it. First one, just I apologize if I missed this, but what commodity price framework are you assuming in the $3 billion preliminary capital guidance? Would that be something close to the strip?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes. Yes. We're looking at current prices, right.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Okay. Great. And then you mentioned curtailing the offshore spend, deferring further development drilling in the Gulf of Mexico, North Sea EG. Can you just discuss that thought process? We typically would think of infill wells as some of the higher-return opportunities for you, out of Tubular Bells, for example, where you've already invested some of the infrastructure. So just want to understand how you're thinking about that, how you came to that decision?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think, again, you have to go back to the opening remarks of both John and I, and John Rielly. Given the continued low oil prices next year, we have said we're going to prioritize preserving the strength of our balance sheet above all else. And so, what that means is, we're going to flex our investment down in those areas where we can. And we have a lot of flexibility offshore, we have a lot of flexibility onshore, so we're actually bringing the whole portfolio down in order to keep our balance sheet strong.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Okay. Great. And then I had a follow up, just on the thought process when it comes to exploration and the strategic importance in a commodity environment like this. But obviously, you all have had and participated in some significant discoveries. But just wanted to talk through strategically how you see exploration at this point in time? What type of flexibility you might have in the budget? And also how you think about the potential of, between seeing discoveries, such as with Exxon in Guyana and Sicily in the Gulf of Mexico, through to ultimate production? Versus the alternate possibility of attempting to perhaps monetize that resource early in the lifecycle to accelerate some cash flow and value recognition?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Well, I think that  just I'll take your last question first  I think the first order of business is understand what we have there, right? So particularly in Guyana, we've got a lot of work to do to understand the full potential of the block, so way too early to talk about monetization options or anything like that. But how do we think about exploration right now? Well, first of all, we believe that conventional exploration is still the best way to add long-term value to grow the business with attractive returns, provided you can do it successfully, obviously. And I think importantly right now, it can be executed at a much lower cost in the current price environment. So indeed, Guyana is a case in point, where we were able to access that block at a relatively low entry cost, and are now executing this work program at historically low costs, on a cost curve. So it's a good time to be doing this kind of work. And obviously, as John and I both said in our opening remarks, we're really encouraged by the Liza discovery. It's not only a great well in itself, but it has also proven a working petroleum system on a very large block with lots of prospectivity.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Okay. Great. Thanks for the comments and again for all the disclosure.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks and good morning. Maybe if I could try a couple more  and maybe a follow-up on an earlier question. Can you talk about maybe put a few more numbers around the type of swing in cash flow that you'd see in 2017 from the start-up in North Malay in terms of how much capital rolls off versus what would the potential cash flow generation be at the current strip?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. So, I mean, this is just general guidance there. We're spending in North Malay Basin, like this year, between $500 million and $600 million. We haven't been specific, but let's just say it's carrying that type of level into 2016. And what happens in 2017, instead of spending $500 million to $600 million and having that negative cash flow, it'll actually turn cash flow positive in there. So you're at a minimum getting a $500 million to $600 million, now you're generating free cash flow. So you're potentially $700 million, $800 million swing in cash flow as it relates just to that North Malay Basin asset. And then, Stampede does continue your spending in 2016 and 2017 on the development. And then, we were spending approximately $300 million this year. But as you move, it will be somewhere in the $300 million to $400 million as we go forward. You'll have that negative cash flow turning into positive cash flow in 2018. So on top of North Malay Basin, at that point in time, you're swinging $400-million-ish at a minimum to $500 million to $600 million to cash flow at that point in time.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. That's helpful. And then maybe, one more in terms of portfolio construction. I mean, should we  it has been a seller's market, I think we could probably say recently out there in the market. And when you look at your portfolio right now, I mean, how do you think about the potential for  how do you think about M&A in terms of potentially monetizing non-core assets? Should Utica be considered core or non-core at this point? And maybe on the flipside in terms of acquisitions (40:00), like, what are your current thoughts?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Sure. We're always looking to upgrade or optimize our portfolio. Obviously, we never comment on M&A. But I think the important thing here is our first, second, and third priority is to keep the strong balance sheet we have strong during this period of low prices.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. Hey guys. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Hey.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: John, there's I think some Bloomberg News talking about you guys maybe looking at to sell Utica. Don't know whether you can confirm it? And if you do have that possibility of thinking, what's the rationale behind?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Paul, obviously we're always looking to optimize our portfolio, but we do not comment on M&A.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And maybe for John Rielly then. Do you have 2016  I know it's early  preliminary cost guide for cash and DD&A?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: No.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: ... 2015, or at least directionally that we're going to see any meaningful drop further from the 2015 level, or that it's really going to be somewhat similar or modest?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: I mean, I understand to try to get as much guidance out, and that's why we put this preliminary guidance in this low price environment, so everybody can get a feel of what we're doing with capital, and also where we think production is going to. However, we're still fairly early in the budget process, even working with our partners. So at this point, Paul, I can't give specific cost guidance and I'll do that in January on our call, as usual.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. And, John, I actually just curious or then for Greg, at today's defense or I presume it's not really economic to well any oil out from Bakken. Is that correct?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Right now, it's more economic, Paul, with the differentials to clear book having narrowed to where they're only about $1 off of WTI to prioritize moving as much oil as you can through pipeline, and we're doing that. But we still flex some of our production to rail. So where in the past maybe the mix was 50-50, like three months ago, rail versus pipeline, right now, pipeline is about 60% of what we move and rail is about 40%.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: John, can you remind me what is the minimum commitment that you have to the JV that you have to rail through?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So from our minimum  let's just call it our minimum volume commitments that we have with the Midstream. So first of all, we don't see any issue meeting our minimum volume commitments because there's a couple of things that allow us to meet that. One is additional volumes coming from our build-out of, what we call, our Hawkeye project, which is south of the river. It allows us to get volumes that we couldn't get into our infrastructure from south of the river to the infrastructure north of the river and also just up in North Dakota continued flaring and trucking reductions. And then as well we have the third-party volumes, additional third-party volumes that will come our way. So again from our minimum volume commitments from the third quarter numbers that you actually see in the press release, our minimum volume commitments for 2016 are already essentially below all those numbers that are there.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: But you won't be able to tell me what's that number?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Oh, sure. I'm sorry. So if you want the actual number, so it's actually in the S-1, but crude oil loading is 38,000 and so in the third quarter you saw it was 47,000 and the crude oil transportation going through it as 43,000 versus 45,000 that we had in the third quarter.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: A final one, John and Greg, when you're looking at your Gulf of Mexico deep-water or overall your deep-water portfolio from a supply cost standpoint, are they in the middle of the pack of your overall portfolio or it's at the that high-end of your portfolio?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So from a cost standpoint on the Gulf of Mexico it is at the (44:35).
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Overall return that  the rate that you put it, I'm trying to understand that, I mean one of your largest competitors that they take a pretty radical approach and totally get out and the argument they make is that in the deep-water portfolio is at the high-end of their portfolio in supply costs, so they believe that they will be better off without even though they actually have some decent success, so just curious that in your portfolio, does it have a similar pattern or you view it differently?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Okay. No, we would view it differently. But let me just  because I don't know what the other competitor was exactly referring to, so let's just talk our Gulf of Mexico assets that are producing, they are  when you bring the Gulf of Mexico assets in general together, they are at the low cost end of our portfolio average, quite low actually. And opportunities there to drill further, kind of, exploitation opportunities and bring it into that infrastructure are some of the best returns that we have in the portfolio, so then it just becomes  I don't know if they're thinking about further development, future developments, I don't know. But again, from  as Greg said, as we look at the offshore right now and where the costs are going in the industry, we see that it's a good opportunity, like Greg had mentioned with Guyana, to be able to be investing in offshore projects right now.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Hi, everybody. Thanks for all the disclosure. Just a brief one from me, you've been very clear about your strategy in terms of cutting CapEx and maintaining a strong balance sheet. I just wondered if that leaves you any room for buybacks or any other  or whether you're going to sit at this level of financial leverage? Thanks.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Our priority here is to keep our strong balance sheet strong and that comes first before anything else. So, at the end of the day, we're cutting our CapEx and we don't think it makes sense to accelerate production in this environment and, obviously, share buybacks are taking a backseat as well.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. So we'll just sort of model forward around this level of leverage through 2016, assuming whatever oil price we are?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Obviously, it depends on your oil price.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Would you be looking to spend more in a higher oil price environment or restart buyback?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: I wouldn't want to speculate on that. We want to keep our options open.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood. Okay. Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: The Bakken's been a critical source of growth and outperformance versus your own expectations. Can you just update us on down spacing in the Three Forks program as well as any new completion or drilling techniques that may or may not be having an impact here?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, you bet. First of all, the Three Forks reservoir is great. We're really drilling in the sweet spot of the sweet spot of the Three Forks right now, so it's actually outperforming the Middle Bakken marginally. So that's very good resources there in the Three Forks. Regarding down spacing, we've got 51 wells that are on a nine and eight (48:09) spacing pilot. We plan to do 82 wells this year. 51 wells are currently online in the nine and eight (48:17) configuration, now only 20 of these wells have been online for greater than 90 days. So the initial results are encouraging and we expect to provide pilot results early next year after we get a few more wells with longer production history under our belt. Regarding different completion techniques, we're running 50-stage pilots. So these are 50-stage sliding sleeve wells. We've got 18 wells out of the 36 wells that we planned this year online. Again, only 13 of those wells have been online for more than 30 days, so it's a little early. But initial production uplifts are in line with expectations and similar to the nine and eight (49:01). We plan to be in a position to provide the results early next year. Now, on the 50-stage, and the nine and eight (49:09) frankly, the final decision is going to be an economic one. So does the 50-stage well generate a higher return given the higher cost? And if it does, then we would expect to move our standard to the 50-stage design from the current 35-stage design. Again, it will be an economic return question, not a higher production question.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Got it. Thanks. As a follow up to that, how long can you keep drilling in the sweet spot of the sweet spot, as you said it, of the Three Forks before you have to move to just the sweet spot or somewhere less sweet?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Multi-years, multi-years. Not a concern right now.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. And lastly, you talked to maintaining and prioritizing your balance sheet strength. Is there a  can you define that? Is it based on a certain net debt-to-EBITDA target? Are you looking to just retain flat debt levels overall? What is the flexibility you have in that balance sheet when we think about the potential for M&A without it getting too high for your own interest?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah. So, as we look at it right now, and again, in this low price environment, as you can imagine, the flexibility we have is that we do have $3 billion of cash on our balance sheet. And so that is allowing us to invest through this cycle, bring these longer-term projects on in 2017 and 2018, as well as invest in exploration such as Guyana. So what we are looking, and I'm going to say more short-term now because we are very focused on where the commodity price environment is, is maintaining that balance sheet and not increasing our debt levels. So that's where we have the ability to be able to use that balance sheet to fund that capital program. Longer-term, we'll see what happens as projects come on.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. So absolute debt, flat. Thank you.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yep.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Your line is now open.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Good morning, guys. Thanks for the time. As you look at Hess Infrastructure Partners, you had a $425 million expansion of planned to go on service in 2017. Is that still in the plans for capital in 2016, net to your 50% interest, obviously?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So what is  and we will give more guidance in January on that  the big component of the capital for the Midstream is going to be the completion of what I referred to as the Hawkeye project. Again, it's infrastructure, it's pipelines, it's compression to be able to bring volumes south of the river in North Dakota to our infrastructure north of the river, such as our gas plant and our rail facility. So there will still be significant spend there on that project, but in January, we'll give more specifics on the levels.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Yeah. And that project was the Hawkeye project. So that makes sense.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: The  on the other, just details of  how much does a Guyana well cost to drill, either appraisal or exploration?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Still don't know the answer to that, because we're just getting bids in now, the operator, not us, but the operator is still getting bids in. Many of the...
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: So is the Liza well was the first discovery well  what did it cost?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: I don't want to give you a number because I just can't remember off the top of my head right now.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay. And then just thinking through the kind of path forward, and really, I guess you're getting into that, but just fourth quarter, you talked about gas plants coming online and NGLs growing, also less downtime. Can you just give some numbers of what's the SIMOPS downtime, like amount of volumes that you had shut in maybe in the first quarter that won't be with four rigs running, or  and also, kind of what is your incremental NGLs and gas as you bring on the additional plant capacity?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Let me answer the operational question first, and then I'll turn it over to John for that. The way to think about this is this year, our availability has averaged about 87%, and that's a combination of SIMOPS and maintenance and things you have to do. What we're projecting next year is that will go up 2%.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Fewer SIMOPS. So that will give you kind of a round number that you can model.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: That's perfect.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: And again, I can't be exactly specific for you, David, as we move into  onto 2016, but so right now, our production by product in the Bakken was about 73% oil, 18% NGLs, and 9% gas. You will see, per Greg's comments, as we get up to the full capacity of the gas plant that we will be increasing on a percentage basis our NGLs and gas. Just can't be specific to you right now until we get further into the budget process.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: That's helpful. Thanks, guys.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, I just want to come back quickly on the Guyana and just remind folks on the call, remember, these wells are quite shallow. They're only 18,000 feet and they're in 5,700 feet of water. Liza well cost us about $80 million Hess net. So future wells, as you get down the learning curve, will be cheaper than that, obviously, once you get in development mode.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Socit Gnrale. Your line is now open.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: Yeah, close enough. Most things have been asked. I've just got a question regarding the potential for impairments. We're seeing a lot of your peers clean house, they're wiping out goodwill, capitalized costs, whatever it may be. What's the likelihood given the reduced CapEx that some costs you're carrying ultimately opt to impair?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So I mean, in the third quarter, obviously, with the lower cost environment, we did not have any impairments in our portfolio. But, John, all I can tell you right now is, as it continues and as we finalize our budget, we will assess that and we will report it on our fourth quarter. But I can't give you any more guidance than that.
John P. Herrlin - SG Americas Securities LLC: All right, that's fine. Thanks, John.
Operator: And our last question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the question. You've given very granular guidance on Bakken decline for 2016. What other geographies are seeing the declines that are factored into your company-wide production target?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So I mean if you go across the portfolio, I mean, obviously, when you have less drilling activity, as Greg said, we're not drilling in EG (56:21), the Norway, there's a drilling break and things like that, you're just getting the natural decline of the portfolio. So as you could see, as you mentioned what the Bakken numbers are, we can't be specific at this point until we finalize our budget. But you can kind of say that the reduction is kind of half due to less drilling activities and half due to natural decline to our portfolio.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Understood. And I guess on a percentage basis, if Bakken is seeing the steepest decline across your portfolio in 2016, maybe what's the second biggest contributor to the overall decline? I mean would it be North Sea? Or would it be some of your more mature stuff?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: What it is, and it really has to do with the way the net entitlement works. As Greg had mentioned, in JDA, we're finishing up the booster compression project there. So, one, you probably noticed in our numbers, we've had some net entitlement changes this year that's dropped in the third quarter for JDA. So, on an overall basis, the next biggest component beyond Bakken would be JDA because well there's less cost recovery barrels that we'll have in 2016 as well as with the booster compression, there'll be some downtime at JDS.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right, very helpful. Appreciate it, guys.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: You bet. And I want to give all of the callers one more clarifying comment. The $80 million Liza cost was a gross cost not a net cost. I wanted to clear that up on the call.
Operator: And we do have a follow up question from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Thank you. John, I know that you don't have a detailed budget, but curious since you know you're going to do a forward program in Bakken, do you have a number what's the CapEx on Bakken for next year?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: No, no, we don't have that yet. Again, we'll get that in January. Again, so we're just fine-tuning how much is near field infrastructure, things like that. So we'll provide that number in January.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp. John B. Hess - Hess Corp. Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp. John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.
Analysts: David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors Douglas Todd Terreson - Evercore ISI Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc. Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc. Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter 2015 Hess Corporation conference call. My name is Lisa and I'll be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will provide highlights from the quarter and an update on the steps we are taking to strengthen our financial position while preserving our long term growth options in the current low oil price environment. Greg Hill will discuss our operating performance, and John Rielly will then review our financial results. Regarding our financial position, on July 1, we closed on the sale of a 50% interest in our Bakken Midstream assets for a cash consideration of $2.675 billion and formed a joint venture with Global Infrastructure Partners. This transaction delivers significant and immediate value to our shareholders, and bolsters our financial flexibility in the current low oil price environment. At closing, the joint venture incurred $600 million of debt through a five-year Term Loan A facility, with proceeds distributed equally to both partners, resulting in total after tax proceeds net to Hess of $3 billion. Importantly, this joint venture has independent access to capital, including a fully committed $400 million, five-year senior revolving credit facility to help grow our Midstream business. As previously announced, the joint venture plans to proceed with an initial public offering of Hess Midstream Partners LP common units pending SEC review and market conditions. With the proceeds from the Midstream asset transaction plus cash on hand and an untapped $4 billion revolving credit facility, Hess has one of the strongest liquidity positions among our peers. Consistent with our financial strategy, the proceeds from this transaction will enable us to preserve the strength of our balance sheet in the current low oil price environment, provide additional financial flexibility for future growth opportunities, and continue to repurchase stock on a disciplined basis. With regard to our financial results, in the second quarter of 2015, we posted a net loss of $567 million. On an adjusted basis, the net loss was $147 million or $0.52 per share compared to net income of $1.38 per share in the year-ago quarter. Compared to the second quarter of 2014, our financial results were impacted by lower crude oil and natural gas selling prices and higher DD&A expense, which more than offset the impact of higher crude oil and natural gas sales volumes and lower cash costs and exploration expense. During the second quarter, we delivered strong operating results. Net production averaged 391,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 23% from pro forma production in the year-ago quarter, excluding Libya. This improvement was driven by higher production from the Bakken and Utica shale plays, the joint development area of Malaysia/Thailand, and Tubular Bells in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. In light of our strong performance year-to-date, we are raising our overall company production forecast for 2015 by 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to a range of 360,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 370,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Turning to the Bakken. Net production averaged 119,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter, above our guidance range. As a result of our strong year-to-date performance, we are increasing our full year 2015 production forecast to a range of 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from our previous guidance of 95,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Hess is one of the strongest acreage positions in the Bakken, with more drilling spacing units or DSUs in the core of the play than any other operator. Through the application of Lean manufacturing techniques and supply chain cost savings, our Bakken team continues to drill some of the lowest cost wells in the play. In the second quarter, drilling and completion costs averaged $5.6 million, down 24% from the year-ago quarter. In addition, our wells continue to rank among the most productive. As a result, we are able to deliver financial returns that are attractive even at current prices, and are competitive with those in the best shale oil plays in the United States. In addition, we are leveraging this expertise in Lean manufacturing techniques from the Bakken to drive improvements in our joint venture operations in the Utica where net production for the second quarter average 22,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Given the adverse pricing environment for natural gas and natural gas liquids, Hess, along with our joint venture partner CONSOL, elected earlier this year to reduce drilling activity in the Utica to a single Hess-operated rig for the second half of 2015. Even with this reduction in activity, we are increasing our full year 2015 production forecast by 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to a range of 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day as a result of strong well performance and efficiency gains. Turning to the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production from our Tubular Bells field in which Hess has a 57% interest and is operator, averaged 23,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter, as we continue to ramp up production. As a result of some short-term production issues which Greg will discuss in his remarks, we are lowering our full year guidance for Tubular Bells by 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to a range of 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the Malaysia/Thailand joint development area, in the Gulf of Thailand, net production for the second quarter averaged 47,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 11,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day from the year-ago quarter when we had planned downtime to complete booster compression and wellhead tie-ins. Regarding our developments, we continued to progress two Hess-operated offshore projects during the quarter. Full field development of the North Malay Basin project in this Gulf of Thailand in which Hess has a 50% working interest is on track for first production in 2017 which should increase net production from approximately 40 million cubic feet per day currently to 165 million cubic feet per day. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Stampede project in which Hess has a 25% working interest is on track for first production in 2018. Gross recoverable resources for Stampede are estimated in the range of 300 million barrels of oil equivalent to 350 million barrels of oil equivalent. In terms of exploration, our strategy is to create future growth options that deliver long-term value by focusing on proven and emerging oil-prone plays in the Atlantic Basin, areas we understand well and that leverage our offshore drilling and development capabilities. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we are encouraged by the Chevron-operated Sicily discovery in the Keathley Canyon area in which Hess has a 25% working interest. Well data is being analyzed and an appraisal well to further evaluate the discovery is expected to spud late this year or in early 2016. On the Stabroek Block offshore Guyana, where Hess has a 30% working interest, the operator, Exxon Mobil, announced a significant oil discovery in late May at the Liza prospect. We are now in the process of evaluating the resource potential on the block and recently commenced the acquisition of 17,000 square kilometers of 3D seismic. Capital and exploratory expenditures in the second quarter of 2015 were $1.07 billion, down 15% from the second quarter of 2014. We continue to project that full year 2015 capital and exploratory expenditures will be $4.4 billion, more than 20% lower than our 2014 spend. In summary, we delivered another quarter of strong operating results. We remain confident that our financial strength, resilient portfolio and proven operating capabilities position us well in the current low oil price environment as well as for competitive growth when prices recover. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an operational update and review our overall progress in executing our E&P strategy. Starting with production, in the second quarter, we averaged 390,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, substantially exceeding our second quarter guidance of 355,000 to 365,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and reflecting strong performance across our portfolio; notably in the Bakken and the Gulf of Mexico. As a result of continuing strong performance we are increasing our full year 2015 net production forecast by 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to a range of 360,000 to 370,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. On this same basis, we forecast net production in the third quarter to average between 355,000 and 365,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our third quarter forecast reflects planned downtime at the JDA, lower activity levels in the Bakken, and hurricane contingency in the Gulf of Mexico. During the second quarter, we continued to actively drive down our cost structure. We now project a further reduction in our cash operating costs of $60 million to $70 million, bringing cash operating cost savings for the year to over $300 million, and our total cost reduction savings including capital to over $600 million. We continue to identify opportunities to reduce costs further and we'll keep you appraised as appropriate. Turning to operations and beginning with unconventionals, in the second quarter, net production from the Bakken averaged 119,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 108,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter and 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter. Higher-than-expected production availability and improved well performance allowed us to substantially exceed our second quarter net production guidance of 100,000 to 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In line with our plan and as previously communicated, we reduced our Bakken rig count from an average of 12 in the first quarter to an average of 8 in the second quarter, which is where we expect to remain for the balance of the year. Over 2015, we expect to drill 187 wells, complete 217, and bring 225 wells online, compared to last year where we drilled 261 wells, completed 230 and brought 238 online. In the first half of 2015, we brought 137 new wells online and we expect to bring 88 wells online in the second half of the year as the lower rig count takes effect. As a result of strong performance, we are increasing our full year 2015 net production forecast for the Bakken by 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to average between 105,000 and 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We do expect Bakken production to turn modestly lower in the second half of the year, reflecting the lower rig count and the resulting lower number of completions. In the third quarter, we forecast net Bakken production to average between 105,000 and 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Through the application of our distinctive Lean manufacturing capability combined with our supply chain cost reductions we continue to drive Bakken drilling and completion costs lower with the second quarter averaging $5.6 million per well versus $6.8 million in the first quarter and $7.4 million in the year-ago quarter. For full year 2015, we now expect drilling and completion costs to average between $5.8 million and $6 million per well, below our previous guidance of $6 million to $6.5 million per well. We know from benchmarking that we are delivering some of the lowest cost and highest productivity wells in the Bakken, which in combination means that we are generating some of the highest returns in the play. With an eight rig program at current strip prices and costs, we have about a 10-year inventory of drilling locations that can generate after-tax returns of 15% or higher. Moving to the Utica. In the second quarter the joint venture drilled 10 wells, completed 15, and brought 9 on production. Net production for the second quarter averaged 22,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter and 17,000 barrels of oil in the first quarter of 2015. Similar to our Bakken position, our Utica acreage is largely held by production, which allows us to reduce activity in the short term while preserving the long-term upside. As previously mentioned, due to the current pricing environment the joint venture elected to focus activities on the liquids-rich Harrison County acreage utilizing a single Hess-operated rig across the JV. We continue to drive down our well costs in the Utica. Through application of our distinctively manufacturing capability and supply chain reductions, we now project our 2015 full-year drilling and completion costs in the Utica to average between $9.2 million and $9.5 million per well as compared to $13.7 million in 2014. As a result of improving efficiency, we now forecast that the JV will drill 20 to 25 wells and bring 25 to 30 new wells online in 2015. Well productivity continues to be encouraging and as a result, we're increasing our 2015 net production guidance by 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day to a range of 20,000 to 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Now, turning to the offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production averaged 23,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter at our Tubular Bells field in which Hess holds a 57.1% working interest and is operator. Due to a delay in bringing on the fourth well, coupled with the now-resolved compressor mechanical issues we experienced in the fourth quarter, we are lowering our 2015 full year forecast to between 25,000 and 30,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. The fourth well is now in production and is being ramped up to full capacity. In Equatorial Guinea, net production averaged 43,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter at our Okume and Ceiba fields in which Hess holds an 85% working interest and is operator. During the quarter, we brought online the OF-15 (18:39) well, the final well in the current drilling campaign at a rate of 3,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The mobilization of the rig has commenced and will be completed in the third quarter. 4D Seismic processing is underway to support future exploitation drilling. In Norway, at the BP-operated Valhall field in which Hess has a 64% interest, net production averaged 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. One new producer was brought online and planned maintenance activities were successfully completed. We continue to expect full year 2015 net production to be in the range of 30,000 to 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the Gulf of Thailand at North Malay Basin, in which Hess as a 50% working interest and is operator, second quarter net production averaged 39 million cubic feet per day through the early production system and is expected to remain at around 40 million cubic feet per day through 2016. In June, we installed two wellhead platform jackets and commenced construction on wellhead platform topsides as part of the full field development project which is expected to increase net production to 165 million cubic feet per day in 2017. Moving to exploration. The first two wells from our new program delivered encouraging results. In the Gulf of Mexico, we continue to evaluate the results of the Chevron-operated Sicily discovery in which Hess holds a 25% working interest. Sicily penetrated a four-way lower tertiary structure located in approximately 6,400 feet of water. As John mentioned, an appraisal well to further evaluate the discovery is planned to spud late 2015 or early 2016. In May, ExxonMobil announced a significant oil discovery at the Liza prospect on Stabroek Block of offshore Guyana in which Hess holds a 30% earned interest. The operator recently commenced an extensive 3D seismic survey to further delineate both the discovered resource and the potential of the block. In closing, I am very pleased with the performance of our team who once again achieved strong operational results. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the second quarter of 2015 to the first quarter of 2015. As previously announced, we have reported Bakken Midstream results beginning with the second quarter of 2015. As a result, we have recast prior quarters to reflect the breakout of the Bakken Midstream from E&P. In our second quarter supplemental presentation located on the Hess website, we have included recast quarterly information of E&P and Midstream for 2014 and the first two quarters of 2015. Now turning to results. Our adjusted net loss which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods was $147 million in the second quarter of 2015 compared to $279 million in the first quarter of 2015. On a GAAP basis, the corporation incurred a net loss of $567 million in the first quarter of 2015 compared with a net loss of $389 million in the first quarter of 2015. Turning to Exploration and production on an adjusted basis, E&P incurred losses of $96 million in the second quarter of 2015 compared to a loss of $221 million in the first quarter of 2015. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted results for E&P between the second quarter of 2015 and first quarter of 2015 were as follows. Higher realized selling prices improved the results by $118 million. Higher sales volumes improved results by $71 million. Higher cash operating costs in Bakken Midstream tariffs reduced results by $20 million. Higher DD&A expense reduced results by $46 million. All other items net to an improvement in results of $2 million for an overall improvement in the second quarter adjusted results of $125 million. In May, we expanded our crude oil hedging program by entering into WTI crude collars covering 20,000 barrels per day through the end of 2015. As a reminder, we previously hedged 50,000 barrels per day for 2015 using Brent crude collars. Both the Brent and WTI crude collars have a floor price of $60 per barrel and a ceiling price of $80 per barrel. For the quarter, our E&P operations were overlifted compared with production by approximately 400,000 barrels which had the effect of decreasing our second quarter after tax loss by approximately $8 million. The E&P effective income tax rate excluding items affecting comparability was a benefit of 56% for the second quarter of 2015. This outcome was favorable to guidance and primarily resulted from the mix of income generated by operations during the quarter. The E&P effective tax rate in the first quarter of 2015 was a benefit of 48%. In the press release, we announced a non-cash goodwill impairment charge of $385 million related to our onshore reporting unit. This charge was triggered under the accounting standards that require goodwill be reallocated and a review for impairment be performed when an operating segment is split, as was the case of breaking out Bakken Midstream from E&P in the quarter. The goodwill impairment for the onshore reporting unit reflects the impact of the reallocation of goodwill and the low commodity price environment. Turning to Midstream activities, the Bakken Midstream segment had net income of $32 million in the second quarter of 2015, compared to $27 million in the first quarter of 2015, while EBITDA amounted to $74 million in the second quarter of 2015 compared to $65 million in the previous quarter. In the earnings supplement, we have provided quarterly consolidated income statements of the company to facilitate an understanding of the movement in reported numbers caused by separating the Bakken Midstream segment from E&P. Using the second quarter of 2015 as an example, E&P metrics changed as follows. Cash operating costs improved by $1.15 per barrel to $15.65 per barrel as $42 million of costs are now included in Bakken Midstream. DD&A improved by $0.62 per barrel to $28.22 with $22 million of DD&A transferred to Bakken Midstream. As a result, overall E&P unit operating costs improved by $1.77 per barrel and were $43.87 per barrel in the second quarter. Bakken Midstream tariff expense was $116 million or $3.26 per barrel which, combined with the improved unit costs, decreased E&P's pre-tax earnings by $52 million or $1.49 per barrel. This reduction in E&P earnings has been transferred to the Bakken Midstream segment as shown in the press release on page 19. Turning to corporate and interest. Corporate and interest expenses excluding items affecting comparability and after income taxes, were $83 million in the second quarter of 2015 compared to $85 million in the first quarter of 2015. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter including a decrease of $170 million from changes in working capital was $541 million. Excluding working capital changes, cash flow from operations was $711 million, a 51% increase from the first quarter. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $1.013 billion. Common stock acquired and retired amounted to $11 million. Repayments of debt were $17 million. Common stock dividends paid were $72 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $3 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $575 million. We had $931 million of cash and cash equivalents at June 30, 2015. Total debt was approximately $6 billion at both June 30, 2015 and March 31, 2015. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at June 30, 2015 was 22% compared to 21.6% at March 31, 2015. On July 1, 2015, we closed the Bakken Midstream joint venture with Global Infrastructure Partners for after-tax proceeds of approximately $3 billion which includes the corporation's share of debt proceeds issued by the joint venture at formation. I would like to provide updated guidance for the remainder of 2015. Starting with E&P, for the full year of 2015, cash costs for E&P operations are reduced $1.50 per barrel of oil equivalent to $16, to $17 per barrel of oil equivalent. The separation of the Bakken Midstream segment is responsible for $1 of this reduction and the additional $0.50 reduction is due to our ongoing cost efficiency initiatives. For the third quarter of 2015, cash costs are expected to be in the range of $16.50 to $17.50 per barrel of oil equivalent. DD&A per barrel guidance remains at $28.50 to $29.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for both the third quarter and full year 2015, resulting in total E&P unit operating costs of $45 to $47 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter and $44.50 to $46.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2015. The Bakken Midstream tariff expense is expected to be $3.55 to $3.65 per barrel of oil equivalent for the third quarter of 2015 and $3.40 to $3.50 per barrel of oil equivalent for the full year of 2015. Exploration expenses excluding dry hole costs are expected to be in the range of $110 million to $120 million in the third quarter and our full year guidance of $380 million to $400 million is unchanged. The E&P effective tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability and Libyan operations is expected to be a benefit in the range of 41% to 45% for the third quarter and 44% to 48% for the full year. Turning to Midstream. For the third and fourth quarter of 2015, we anticipate net income attributable to Hess from the Bakken Midstream segment, which reflects our 50% ownership, will be in the range of $15 million to $20 million. Now, for corporate and interest. For the third quarter of 2015, corporate expenses are estimated to be in a range of $30 million to $35 million net of taxes and interest expenses are estimated to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million net of taxes. The full-year 2015 guidance for corporate expenses of $120 million to $130 million net of taxes and interest expenses of $205 million to $215 million net of taxes remains unchanged. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: And your first question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please proceed.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Good morning, guys, and good quarter.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: One of the things that people have been focusing on is the trajectory of the Bakken and kind of your pace. Greg, you've kind of outlined that. As you think about glide planing down in third quarter and fourth quarter at this pace, how does that flatten versus your second quarter peak volumes?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: It's a good question. I think with an eight rig program we expect to be able to hold kind of long-term production flat at or near this 100,000 barrels a day which I think we've said on the previous calls. And I think as John mentioned in his remarks, with this eight rig program at current strip prices and well costs we've got about a 10-year inventory of drilling locations that generate after-tax returns in excess of 15% or higher.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Yeah. And then, that's helpful, and then as you think about Tubular Bells ramp with the fourth well coming online, how does that roll forward?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: I think again in our guidance, we did lower our guidance because of the operating problems that we discussed and the deferral of the fourth well. And so, I mean the glide path, we'll stay within our guidance as we gave on the call, right?
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay. That's fair. And thinking about Guyana and the significant discovery, haven't known you guys as long some other exploration companies, can you put significant in a ballpark for me?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, we can't. It's just again, it's too early. I think, recall we did encounter more than 295 feet of high quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoirs in this block, and again, the entire block is about 6.6 million acres. So, as John and I both said in our opening remarks, really the next step is we've started shooting 3D seismic on the block and we continue to evaluate the results of the well but obviously it's very encouraging.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson with Evercore. Please proceed.
Douglas Todd Terreson - Evercore ISI: Good morning, everybody.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Good morning, Doug.
Douglas Todd Terreson - Evercore ISI: One of the key themes today and also in the industry has been that lower service costs relating to expense in capital productivity. And on this point, I wanted to see if you'd elaborate a little bit more on your experience thus far; namely, whether the changes that have unfolded have been similar to your expectations and also previous cycles, for John? And also any insight into the pace of change that you're seeing in the market? I mean we talked about, you guys talked about a $600 million figure on the call I think, and so the question is how does that compare to what your expectations were for savings earlier in the year?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, I think, I think compares very well. So, just to give you an example. So, the $1.2 million per well that we reduced in the quarter in the Bakken, if you look at where those savings came from, supply chain savings amounted to about 60% of those savings. And then the Lean manufacturing efficiency gains made up the balance of the 40% reduction. So again, fairly significant results from the supply chain.
Douglas Todd Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. And then also just another quick question on Guyana. First, will you guys be able to book reserves in the country? Do we know that and also how significant do you think that this interaction is with the opposition from the Venezuelan government? Is that something that we should be concerned about or focused on; how do you think about that?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: On the political side, I'm going to leave that to the politicians. But we don't think it's going to have any impact on our financial position there or our reserve position there.
Douglas Todd Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. And John, can you guys book reserves there if in fact there are any in the future?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes. Yes, we can.
Douglas Todd Terreson - Evercore ISI: Okay. Thanks a lot guys.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America. Please proceed.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good morning, everybody. I also have a couple, if I may and guys I'm afraid I'm going stick with Guyana for a second. I think in your Analyst Day last year you suggested that the block, the whole area had a risk resource net to have somewhere in the order of 500 million barrels. Now I realize that was a theoretical probability of geological success and so on, but, I'm guessing when you announce this  the operator announces a significant discovery, you've de-risked a number of the parameters such as proving a hydrocarbon system trap, fuel migration, all that good stuff. So I'm just wondering if you could help qualify how you came up with a 500 million number on how this declared success changes the risk profile of that estimate. And I've got a follow up, please.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, well, Doug, obviously that 500 million barrels was a risk resource estimate at the time. Clearly, this well has helped derisk that. I can't really give you any more guidance than that but it was a very positive result from the well. The big risk there that we were trying to understand was there a working petroleum system and clearly there is on the block.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I guess I'll  I won't pursue it for now but suffice it to say, that 500 million, is that kind of worst case, if you like? A worst case would've been zero I guess, but in terms of  I guess I'm just trying to understand the scale of the prospect backlog of the area is there  have you and your partner kind of figured out what next steps are at this point outside of shooting seismic?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: It's a fair question. The seismic is the next step, Doug, to high grade the block further and then we will then consider further evaluation activities and really you need to look to the operator for further color on this subject.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. I appreciate that, John. My follow up is really more of kind of, I guess it's really more of a challenge question because you've clearly done a tremendous job releasing or securing at least market visibility on the value of the Midstream; by my calculation is about a quarter of your current enterprise value. Your share price along with the sector has basically gone straight down pretty much since you made that announcement. So this $17 a share thereabouts that, the associated value of that appears to have been somewhat ignored. So my question is now you've got $4 billion more or less of cash on the balance sheet. How does this share buyback program compete for capital against other drilling opportunities in a $50 oil price environment? And I'll leave it there. Thanks.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Doug, obviously, use of proceeds very fair question. And obviously, with the very strong liquidity position the company has it's key to remind everyone as we said on our last call after the Midstream joint venture was announced, that our first, second and third priority in use of proceeds will be to preserve the strength of our balance sheet in the current low oil price environment. We need to maintain our financial strength, it's vital in this low-price environment; we don't know how low it will go and how long it will go. So that's going to be the first, second and third priority to make sure that we can fund the projects that we have including our projects that are investing in longer-term growth, be it North Malay Basin or Stampede or some the exploration activities that we have that are very disciplined. Our second effort or priority then would be to provide additional financial flexibility for future growth opportunities should they meet our strategic, economic and liquidity priorities. And we're going to be very disciplined in that regard given the first priority being to preserve the strength of our balance sheet. And last but not least, we will continue to repurchase stock on a disciplined basis. So I think it's very important for people to understand the key priority in this environment is for us to preserve the strength of our balance sheet.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: John, could I push that a little bit? What is the cash balance that you see to meet those objectives before the buyback? Like I say, $4 billion now, is that enough? Is that too much? What's your order of magnitude as to what you need to meet the first two criteria?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Hey, I guess, Doug, the way we look at it and I'd like to answer it is  so as you know, we remain committed to managing our business to be cash generative over the long term. So, with this low price oil environment, what have we done? What's the self-help? So, first, we've reduced our capital spend from $5.6 billion in 2014 to $4.4 billion in 2015 and we will further reduce capital in 2016. And as Greg mentioned earlier, during 2015, our cost reduction efforts have yielded over $600 million of savings and we continue to be focused on reducing costs further. So, there's the self-help that we are doing. Now, kind of getting to your point, we do have near-term cash flow deficits at these low prices and it is being driven by our spend of approximately $1.4 billion on projects where we're investing for longer-term growth. So these projects that John mentioned, it's the North Malay Basin, Stampede, it's Tubular Bells on the development side, and in exploration we have capital spending now for the significant discovery at Liza in Guyana and in the Gulf of Mexico at the Sicily prospect. So as John mentioned now, our advantaged liquidity position with nearly $4 billion of cash post the completion of our Bakken Midstream JV that allows us to fund these growth projects and preserve our top quartile operating capabilities and we're really using that then to position us to capitalize as prices recover when we can then generate free cash flow. So, that's kind of a combination with what John said and how we are looking at our balance sheet right now.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. I'll leave it there, guys. Thank you.
Operator: You're next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning. I guess kind of following along the lines of the uses of capital here. You clearly have one of the best balance sheets in the sector. What does the acquisition front look like? I mean it's been relatively quiet for the industry but historically, this is  double dip in oil prices would tend to accelerate the process. So I'm just sort of curious, seeing anything more interesting, how does that need to compare versus your growth opportunities and so forth?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Well you all follow the stock market as do we in terms of some of these prospective opportunities that could potentially fit our strategic needs in our portfolio. The prices of some of those type of opportunities has come down more than the companies with a strong balance sheet as ours, we're looking. But again, I said before, our first, second and third priority is to keep our financial strength in the current environment that we think will be with us for some time and to come out of this environment strong. If there is an opportunity that makes financial sense, strategic sense and doesn't impair our balance sheet strength we will be very disciplined in evaluating it. Obviously, we have not found anything to date.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: And any help you can give us on how you would think about the returns of an acquisition versus the returns of drilling? Do they need to be equivalent, one better than the other? Just any further clarity there.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: We will always invest for returns, and it will have to be competitive with our alternatives.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities LLC: Okay. That's it for me. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Yes. Good morning. I'm just trying to reconcile your improvements in operational performance and then the CapEx that's unchanged. I mean obviously, the Bakken wells seem to have come in a little bit below your guidance. I mean, you're still drilling an 8 rig program and I noticed that the Utica wells are also  I mean, well done for getting the costs down dramatically in the Utica. So maybe talk through why that perhaps isn't showing up in a sort of a CapEx reduction for this year?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah, Ed, if you think about it, we're basically maintaining an 8 rig program. So as we continue to gain efficiencies in our spud-to-spud, days between spud now is about 18 days. So what that means is that you drill more wells in the year than what you planned. So effectively that CapEx is consumed by continuing that 8 rig program.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Right. But the implication might be next year there would be some lower CapEx from these savings, as well as the timing of other projects?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. I think that's a reasonable assumption.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): And then, you know, there was a bit of a debate on I think the full FY call about continuing to drill in South Arne and Valhall where perhaps as long as the reservoirs aren't damaged in terms of pressure management, maybe there's a little bit more flexibility say, oil prices were low and you came back and said, well look the economics still works so we're going to carry on doing them. I'm just wondering as the prices have wallowed around at this current level whether anything has changed there in terms of CapEx planning for next year?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: I think again, we haven't given our 2015 guidance. But certainly for this year, we're contracted four rig in South Arne and we'll continue to execute that program. It's generating very good returns in South Arne well above our cost of capital. Similarly in Valhall, recall though that we did shut down the IP drilling rig in Valhall this year. So we've got one rig out and then we have the remaining drilling is with a jackup there. Again, a contracted jackup rig and we're continuing that program.
Edward George Westlake - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Okay. Thanks very much.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Uh huh.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you. Good morning. Firstly on cash flow for the quarter, can you just help me get as close as I can to what you think the ongoing cash generation, what the business will be at $60 oil and how representative this quarter was of the ongoing cash flow that you think you'll make at that kind of price level? Thanks.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: I mean, if you get $60 oil, obviously you're going to have higher cash flows for our business because we've got a significant amount of oil production, so I mean it's difficult. I would tell you overall when you look at Hess because of our oily portfolio a $1 change in oil prices does increase our cash flows by a little over $70 million. So, that's the kind of sensitivity you can look at from our portfolio and flex on different oil prices.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Thank you. And what should I consider to be the clean operating cash flow for this quarter, Q2, I think there's some  likely some disproportions in the working capital. Thanks.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Sure. Yeah, so there was $170 million reduction in the cash flow from working capital. So, if you add that back in you get $711 million of cash flow from operations and that's up 51% from the first quarter reflecting the improved oil prices in the second quarter.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Yes and John you guided that essentially next year's CapEx will be lower, I guess assuming that we're at this kind of oil price level?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: So you're not obviously going to say more about the kind of level we should think about? I'm just wondering how long a cash deficit can be run given what you've also said about the importance of the balance sheet?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes. So I mean, again it will be lower. I mean, we'll have to work with our partners and we'll see what prices are as we get into 2016. But as I mentioned, we will be funding these growth projects that we have, so North Malay Basin and Stampede will continue. We will be working with Exxon with spending in Guyana and Chevron on Sicily. So we have these growth projects to fund. Now, we've got nearly $4 billion with the post the completion of the Bakken Midstream JV, so we're in a great position to be able to fund these growth projects and position us to generate free cash flow as oil prices recover.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Understood. Thank you. One area of potential cost savings would be to merge with another company. Have you considered that particularly in the Bakken? Thank you.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Obviously, we don't comment on such matters. And you know that, Paul.
Paul Benedict Sankey - Wolfe Research LLC: Just checking, John. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche. Please proceed.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Good morning. Maybe if I could follow up on  one more question on CapEx. You've talked in the past about kind of a run rate from the fourth quarter on of $950 million, I think. Is that still a good number or is the cost savings that you're seeing potentially driving that a little bit lower? Any updates on kind of the pro forma run rate as you're stabilized in the eight rig program?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Again, it's still early for us. We'll be looking obviously at oil prices. We have to work with partners on what we're doing in the partnerships that we have for the fields. So it's just at this point right now we don't want to be more specific than what I said that we do have $4.4 billion this year, 2016's capital will be lower than that $4.4 billion and we will be looking at everything from the CapEx side as well as on the OpEx side because we're going to be continued to be focused on costs in this low price environment.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks, and then maybe one follow-up on the Bakken. I guess could you talk, and I dropped off the call unfortunately for a little bit so I'm not sure if you addressed it, but can you talk a little bit of the production which continues to exceed expectations, can you talk  is that more of a function of a quicker pace of drilling than you had expected previously? Is it well performance? Maybe a little bit on what you're seeing on well performance and then finally in terms of the production mix between oil, NGL and gas, what's kind of a right place do you think for us to kind of stabilize that going forward?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. So, if you look at the difference between Q1 and Q2 in the Bakken, we did have an increase of about 11,000 barrels a day. There were really three factors associated with that. The first was we had a high number of new wells online in the second quarter. So, we had 67 wells online. The second factor was we had a 2% increase in the production availability. So, the operations guys have been doing a great job getting the reliability and availability up. And the third factor was we had increased gas capture at Tioga. Obviously, both our own volumes as our own volumes went up, but also third-party volumes as well.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: And then just from a product mix standpoint for the 119,000 barrels a day in the quarter, about 85,000 barrels a day were oil or 71% of it. 22,000 barrels a day were NGLs so 19%, and then gas was 71 million SCFs per day or about 10% of the BOE.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: And is that a good kind of mix to think about going forward or, we've seen....
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah, I think...
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay.
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: I think that is a reasonable mix. I mean you're getting now the ramp up of the Tioga gas plant so we've had some changes as that's moved on. So if you looked at the average for 2014 we were up at  we only had 12% of NGLs and 8% gas so now you're beginning to see some of the uplift from the Tioga gas plant.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: You've spoken a lot here on the sharp reduction that you've seen in your Bakken well costs. Can you also talk to what you're doing on the technology front if the type of well you're drilling has changed at all? And can you talk to any changes you are seeing in well productivity?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: I think our well design has not changed. So again, it's a typical 35-stage sliding sleeve completion in the Bakken, that hasn't changed. Proppant loading of 70,000 to 100,000 pounds per stage depending upon the area. In terms of technology, we've got some 50-stage trials under our belt, so 50-stage sliding sleeve, those trials have gone well. So once we get a few more in the ground and are convinced of the reliability of the completion system we'll be evaluating whether or not we switch to that as a value-accretive improvement to the Bakken completions. We've tried some slickwater fracs. We do not see that those add enough incremental to value to justify the additional costs. We've tried some higher proppant loadings and really kind of the same conclusion. It doesn't generate enough incremental value. And I guess the final thing is we are, as you know, experimenting with a tighter infills, nine and eight spacing pilots. We've got about 38 wells online now in that configuration. Now, only 13 of these wells have been online for more than 90 days. I will say the initial results are encouraging but it's still early days. I'd like to get more wells in the ground and on production before we draw any final conclusions for that. And so we expect to be in a position by year-end or early first quarter to provide some color on some results on that nine and eight infill.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you. And then your backlog in the Bakken has been coming down based on the number of completed versus drilled wells. Do you anticipate building backlog in the second half, drawing backlog or holding flat?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, we don't. We're pretty much at our rhythm bin size now, which is about 25 to 30 wells at any given moment that are uncompleted and we would expect to carry that level of wells into next year. But that's about as low as it can go.
Brian A. Singer - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays. Please proceed.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. Good morning.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Good morning.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: A number of quick questions. This is for John Rielly. John, when I'm looking at your international operation, if I strip out the special item and also then strip out the estimate on the FX, the hedging impact, you will report somewhere around the pre-tax profit of $34 million and you have a tax credit of $38 million. I'm trying to reconcile that, why that you have a profit then, then you will have a tax credit in your international operation?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yeah. Sure, Paul. It's  there's  once you get into this law of small numbers, you get into these strange tax rates. There's really nothing unusual. We have some small credits and I'll walk you through an example. We have small credits sitting on in the international side and some small, kind of call it debits on the other side, for an overall rate that came in, as you know, at the above guidance on that benefit side. So what happens is this is just a simple example, if you have a loss in Norway of $10 and you have an income in JDA of $10, you put those two together and you have $0 income. But Norway has gotten 80% tax rate, so you're booking an $8 benefit on Norway and JDA has a 10% rate, so you're only booking $1. So you get a benefit of $7 on $0 income. It's that mix of income that's causing the strange numbers in international.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I see. Okay. On the cash flow, if your DD&A is about $1 billion, your net loss excluding the special items is about $147 million, it seems to suggest that your cash flow from operations should be higher than even after you adjust for the working capital. Is there any other items that  it seems like there's another $100 million, $150 million that is more than your cash flow, are those item, is going to be repeatable in the future?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Your math is very good, Paul, as usual. What it is, is because where we're in the losses right now, and I think we've given guidance on that, is that the majority of the tax benefit is deferred. So, you've got a benefit sitting against that loss and that was the one number I didn't hear you say. That was reducing it then down to the $711 million. Now, it's obviously going to depend on prices and what happens here going forward. I mean, it's the same guidance that I've been giving. In the U.S. and in Norway, we're not paying cash taxes and won't be for five years and potentially longer if these prices stay lower. So, it all depends on where the profit is but if we stay in a loss position, we will continue to have that deferred tax benefit.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: I see. And maybe this is for John Hess. I assume that you will complete the IPO for the Bakken MLP? If that decision has been made that the cash proceeds  who is going to keep it? Is it going to be split between the joint venture partner or it would be kept inside the MLP?
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: So, when the IPO is done, and the proceeds, the proceeds will go to the partners of the JV, that's basically the way that we're looking at. Nothing's been finally decided but that's how it would be  it would be split between the two partners, the 50/50 partners.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: John, I think there are a lot of people who ask about the CapEx, maybe if I could, maybe looking at it slightly different. If I look at to maintain your current asset mix, and that the production is flat and taking into consideration of your commitment in the major growth project that you already commit. What is the minimum CapEx that we need for next year?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: So, what we've been, I guess, talk about with the growth projects that we have. So, we've got a $4.4 billion of budget this year. It includes, so I'm going to add a little bit more because we had some other growth capital in 2015, so we have about a $1.6 billion of investment in offshore development say, an exploration. So, when you subtract it from the total, we've got about $3 billion, under $3 billion, to maintain kind of current production levels. So, you do have this North Malay Basin and Stampede going into next year and the thing that I can't talk about right now is what happens in Guyana, what happens in Sicily. So, again, I think the best I can do right now is to say the guidance will be below $4.4 billion but we just can't tell you what that number...
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Yeah. And I think another perspective obviously, Paul, as the entire industry is running deficits, all the oil producers of the world are running deficits. And depending upon how low oil prices go and how long they go for, obviously that will figure in our calculus as well about how far we reduce our CapEx program next year. We have further flexibility to reduce in the Bakken and Utica and we also have flexibility to reduce in our offshore if it's appropriate. We are going to invest for returns, but we also intend to be cash generative over the medium term. So, it's a balance. Good returns, but if the money is not there, we will reduce our CapEx even further and that's going to be an iterative process between now and the end of the year. And when we finalize our program, obviously, we'll communicate that to the investors out there.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Great. Great. Final question is for Greg. Greg, is there any data you can share about the two discoveries in Guyana and in the Gulf of Mexico, Sicily, in terms of the pay zone whether that those is primary black oil, condensate gas, any kind of information you could provide on those two discoveries?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: They're both black oil based on what we know right now. On the Sicily discovery in the Gulf of Mexico, it's lower tertiary. And in Guyana, it's a crustaceous play that we're currently looking at right now.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Do you have the  how thick is the pay zone or that kind of information?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. In Guyana, we can't give that information yet. On Sicily, you'll have to ask the operator about that. But consistent with Exxon's press release in May in Guyana, the well encountered more than 295 feet of high-quality oil-bearing sandstone reservoir. So, you do have a net pay zone that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers. Please proceed.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Good morning. First, I'd like to return to the subject of the pilot tests. First question is how widespread are the tests across your acreage? And then following up, if they prove successful what sort of uplift to drilling locations might be possible?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah. So, they're spread out, but because we're concentrating in the core of the core, they're primarily in the core of the Bakken. So, it's spread out over 14 DSUs, and in those 14 DSUs this year we plan to get 82 pilot wells in the ground. Now as I mentioned, 38 of those are currently online and, but only 13 have been online more than 90 days. And as I said, the initial results are very encouraging but it's still early days. I want to get a lot more wells in the ground before I make a final decision on that hopefully by year-end, early in the first quarter we'll be in a position to make that decision. Obviously, if you do go to a nine and eight configuration, it won't apply across the entire field but it will obviously increase your well locations for the Bakken.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Right. And importantly it increases your best well locations.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yes.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: My second question was if commodity prices remained depressed in 2016, will you continue to concentrate Utica drilling in Harrison County or do you have any requirements to hold acreage elsewhere that would require you to drill in another county in 2016?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: It's on the margins. There isn't any significant HBP requirement so obviously if prices do continue where they are, we're going to continue in Harrison County and why do we do that because that's truly the sweet spot of the play. It's the wettest part of the play and it also has a 95% net revenue interest as well on that acreage. So obviously that helps the economics.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay great. And my last question is, I haven't heard too much about Ghana and the discussion of the portfolio. Is there any update on the Ghana timeline particularly now that you've got a partner there?
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: No, there's not. I mean we're just continuing all of the technical studies on Ghana. We're also going through FEED processes, et cetera. And we're in discussions with the Ghanaian government to understand how the border dispute and the ongoing international law, the Sea Treaty proceedings are going on the block, and how that might affect progress on the block. But we're committed to advancing the work to the extent feasible, including all those technical studies and pursuing appropriate commercial agreements. One thing we can't do is we can't get a drilling rig or a seismic vessel out there in the disputed area. So, it's pretty much technical studies.
Jeffrey L. Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Gregory P. Hill - Hess Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Hi. Thanks for taking the question. I have two quick ones in relation to Bakken Midstream, if I may? You were talking about at the beginning of the year an IPO sometime in 2015. Is that still the targeted timetable for taking this public?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Unfortunately, Pavel, we're in a quiet period right now, so I can't give you anything specific. So it's going to depend just on the SEC review and market conditions for the timing of the IPO.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: All right, all right, fair enough. And for Hess to remain the operator of the joint venture is there a minimum economic interest that you have to maintain?
John P. Rielly - Hess Corp.: Yes, there is a minimum economic interest. Yeah, so we would have to drop down though considerably before that would happen.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: To be clear, our intent is to control and operate the venture. So, let's be clear on that.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. What is that percentage? Just to clarify.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: I think as I said before, our intent is to control and operate the venture. I wouldn't want to speculate otherwise.
Pavel S. Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Appreciate it.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Guy Baber with Simmons. Please proceed.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thanks for fitting me in here and congratulations on another strong quarter.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Thank you. Thanks for hanging in there on the phone call.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Just one strategic question for me. But understanding maintaining financial strength is priority is number one, I was just hoping to press for a bit more color on the potential to add a resource and flexibility via bottom of the cycle acquisition. You've mentioned that meeting strategic objectives, it would be key for you in doing that. Could you just elaborate on what those strategic objectives are and I'm not sure if you can be specific or not, but any updated thoughts around long-term portfolio mix? Whether you have a desire for more onshore versus offshore or U.S. versus international or whether you're agnostic on those fronts? Any strategic color on that front would be very helpful. Thanks.
John B. Hess - Hess Corp.: Obviously, we're always looking to upgrade our portfolio. So anything would have to strengthen our portfolio strategically, economically, in terms of providing profitable and visible resource growth. As we look out there, we see our mix thing roughly half unconventionals, half conventional, half onshore, half offshore, half-U.S., half international. Obviously, it's a dynamic market and we'll be very disciplined about any opportunities that we consider; but commenting further than that would be pure speculation and we don't want to do that. The key is we're going to be disciplined. And again, our top priority is to maintain our financial strength in a low-price environment because it may be with us for some time.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International: Thanks for that.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory P. Hill - Chief Operating Officer and President of Exploration & Production John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI, Research Division David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2015 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Lisa, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our first quarter conference call. I will provide some key highlights from the quarter and outline the steps we are taking to protect our financial strength in the current price environment while preserving our long-term growth options. Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance, and John Rielly will review our financial results. While low crude oil prices significantly impacted our first quarter financial results, we delivered strong operating performance and production growth. In addition, we made considerable progress in our ongoing cost reduction efforts. In early February, we met with approximately 100 of our top service providers and suppliers to seek meaningful and sustainable cost reductions. While Greg will provide additional details, to date, we have identified cost reductions of approximately $550 million, with approximately $300 million resulting from a reduction in capital and exploratory expenditures, and approximately $250 million from a reduction in cash operating costs. As a result, we are revising down our forecast of 2015 capital and exploratory expenditures to $4.4 billion from our previous forecast of $4.7 billion, with the balance of the cost savings, approximately $250 million, reducing our 2015 cash cost by $2 per barrel. While these cost savings will be dedicated to reducing our funding deficit, we will continue to proactively take steps to further strengthen our financial position. Our Bakken rig count, which averaged 17 rigs in 2014 and 12 rigs in the first quarter of this year, currently stands at 8 rigs and is expected to remain at this level for the balance of 2015. Following the laying down of 2 offshore rigs by the end of the second quarter, 1 in Norway and 1 in Equatorial Guinea, our capital and exploratory expenditures will approach an annualized run rate of approximately $3.8 billion, which is a reduction of about 1/3 from our 2014 spend. With regard to our financial results, in the first quarter of 2015, we posted a net loss of $389 million. On an adjusted basis, the net loss was $279 million or $0.98 per share compared to net income of $1.38 per share in the year-ago quarter. Compared to the first quarter of 2014, our financial results were impacted by lower crude oil and natural gas selling prices and higher DD&A expense, which more than offset the impact of higher crude oil and natural gas sales volumes. Net production in the first quarter averaged 361,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This represents an increase of 23% from pro forma production of 294,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in last year's first quarter, excluding Libya. This improvement was driven by higher production from the Bakken and the startup of the Tubular Bells Field, which commenced production in the fourth quarter of last year. Net production from the Bakken averaged 108,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter, slightly above our guidance range. We have an advantaged acreage position in the Bakken with more drilling spacing units in the core of the play than any other company. With an 8-rig program at current prices and incorporating the announced cost savings, we have more than a 7-year inventory of drilling locations that can generate after-tax returns of 15% or higher. Moreover, our Bakken team continues to drive our well costs lower. In the first quarter, drilling and completion costs averaged $6.8 million, down 9% from the year-ago quarter. In addition, our wells continue to be more productive than the industry average. In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, net production from our Tubular Bells Field, in which Hess has a 57% interest and is operator, averaged 18,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter and is expected to be in the range of 30,000 to 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for 2015. A third well commenced production in January and first oil from a fourth producer is expected in the second quarter of 2015. We also continued to progress 2 Hess-operated developments in the quarter: the North Malay Basin project In the Gulf of Thailand, in which we have a 50% working interest; and the Stampede project in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, in which we have a 25% working interest. First production is on track for North Malay Basin full field development in 2017 and Stampede in 2018. During the quarter, we closed on the sale of Hess Corporation's interest in Hess Energy Trading Company, or HETCO. We are also continuing to advance the midstream master limited partnership process to maximize value of our Bakken midstream assets. In March, Hess Midstream Partners filed a third amendment to its S-1 filing in preparation for an initial public offering. We look forward to providing you further updates in the near future. In summary, we delivered strong operating results for the quarter and captured significant cost savings for the year, with additional reductions being pursued. With our robust balance sheet, resilient portfolio and top quartile operating capabilities, we are well positioned for both the current price environment as well as for our future recovery in oil prices. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an operational update and a review of the progress we're making in further reducing our cost base, while continuing to execute our E&P strategy. Starting with production. In the first quarter, we averaged 361,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day, substantially exceeding our first quarter guidance of 330,000 to 340,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and reflecting strong performance across our portfolio. Looking forward, our full year 2015 net production forecast remains 350,000 to 360,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding any production contribution from Libya. On the same basis, we forecast net production in the second quarter to average between 355,000 and 365,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. As usual, we will update our full year production guidance in our second quarter conference call. As John mentioned, during the first quarter, we completed an extensive company-wide review of our cost base. As a result, we have reduced our 2015 capital and exploratory budget by $300 million to $4.4 billion and reduced our 2015 cash operating costs by $250 million or approximately $2 per barrel of oil equivalent. Of the $550 million of initial savings we have identified, about $50 million comes from a reduction in activity level, $250 million from what I'll call self-help cost reductions and $250 million from supply chain savings. The reduction in activity level is associated with the decision to reduce the Utica from a 2-rig program to a 1-rig program by June. The self-help reductions are across the board and come from more than 1,000 different opportunities identified around the company. The supply chain savings range from 10% to 30%, with tubulars and other consumables being at the low end of that range and onshore pressure pumping and land rig day rates being towards the upper end of that range. We continue to identify additional cost reduction opportunities and will keep you appraised of further progress on future calls. Turning to operations and beginning with unconventionals. In the first quarter, our net production from the Bakken averaged 108,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 102,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter of 2014. We brought 70 new wells online in the first quarter compared to 96 wells in the fourth quarter of last year. We reduced our Bakken rig count from an average of 12 in the first quarter to a current level of 8, where we expect to remain for the balance of the year. Over 2015, despite this reduced rig count, we still expect to drill 178 wells, complete 214 wells and bring 213 new wells online due to increased drilling efficiency. This compares to last year when we drilled 261 wells, completed 230 wells and brought 238 wells online. In the second quarter, we forecast net Bakken production to average between 100,000 and 110,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our full year 2015 net Bakken production guidance remains at 95,000 to 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Because of our core of the core position in the Bakken, we retain a substantial drilling inventory where economics remain attractive. By applying lean manufacturing practices to our operations, we continue to drive down our Bakken drilling and completion costs, with the first quarter averaging $6.8 million per well versus $7.1 million in the fourth quarter and $7.5 million in the year-ago quarter. The bulk of the savings to date are the result of applying our distinctive lean manufacturing capability. Going forward, including the effect of further lean efficiency gains and service cost reductions, we are now targeting drilling and completion cost to average between $6 million and $6.5 million per well for full year 2015. In line with this, we have reduced our Bakken capital budget to $1.7 billion for 2015, down from our previous guidance of $1.8 billion. Our top quartile costs, in combination with the high productivity of our wells, allows us to continue to deliver some of the highest-return wells in the play. As we mentioned on our last call and at our Investor Day last November, we have moved to 13 wells per DSU as our standard basis of development. On our 4 existing 17 well per DSU pilots, the majority of the wells are performing in line with type curves indicating minimal interference. We have therefore increased the total number of our 17 well per DSU pilots to 9 in 2015. Moving to the Utica. In the first quarter, the joint venture drilled 5 wells, completed 4 wells and brought 4 wells on production. Net production for the first quarter averaged 17,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter and 13,000 barrels of oil equivalent in the fourth quarter of 2014. Similar to our Bakken position, our Utica acreage is largely held by production, which allows us to reduce activity in the short term while preserving the long-term upside. Given the current pricing environment, the partnership has elected to focus activities on our Harrison County acreage, utilizing a single Hess-operated rig across the joint venture. Our revised budget for the Utica is $240 million for the year, down from $290 million. With this change, we now anticipate drilling 15 to 20 wells in 2015 versus our previous guidance of 20 to 25. Our expectation of bringing 25 to 30 new wells online in 2015 remains unchanged. In terms of net production, we still expect to average between 15,000 and 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the year. Turning to the offshore. In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we continue to increase production at our Tubular Bells Field, in which Hess holds a 57.1% working interest and is operator. Net production averaged 18,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the first quarter as we experienced some temporarily constraints due to mechanical issues with the compressors, which have now been rectified. Well deliverability from existing wells is encouraging, and we expect the fourth producer to be online midyear. Our 2015 full year forecast remains between 30,000 and 35,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. In Norway, at the BP-operated Valhall Field, in which Hess has a 64% interest, net production averaged 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter. Three producers were brought online and maintenance activities were successfully completed. We continue to expect full year 2015 net production to be in the range of 30,000 to 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the Gulf of Thailand, at North Malay Basin, in which Hess has a 50% working interest and is operator, first quarter net production averaged 38 million cubic feet per day through the Early Production System and is expected to remain around 40 million cubic feet per day through 2016. In March, construction commenced on the jacket and top sides of the central processing platform, part of the full field development project, which is expected to increase net production to 165 million cubic feet per day in 2017. In the Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points Block in Ghana, in the first quarter, the Ghanan government approved the farm down of our license interest to LUKOIL. Hess will retain a 40% interest and operatorship, and with our co-owners, we continue to incorporate appraisal results into our subsurface models and progress engineering design work. Moving to exploration. In Kurdistan, where Hess has a 64% interest and is operator, we and our partner, Pedroceltic, have elected to relinquish the Dinarta license and withdraw from the region. All license obligations have been fulfilled other than the required final remediation of the well sites, which is underway. In the Gulf of Mexico, the Sicily well, in which Hess holds a 25% working interest, has reached final TD. Chevron, the operator, has completed logging and sidewall coring of the well and the results are currently under evaluation. In Guyana, in March, the operator, Esso Exploration and Production Guyana Limited, spud the offshore Liza-1 well and the Stabroek license in which Hess holds a 30% interest. We expect to reach target depth by the end of the second quarter of this year. In closing, in this quarter, we have again demonstrated strong operational performance and made significant progress in reducing our cost base in a manner that positions us well to resume our strong growth trajectory when prices recover. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the first quarter of 2015 to the fourth quarter of 2014. Our adjusted net loss, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, was $279 million in the first quarter of 2015 compared with adjusted net income of $53 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. On an unadjusted basis, the corporation incurred a net loss of $389 million in the first quarter of 2015 compared with a net loss of $8 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. Turning to Exploration and Production. The E&P net loss was $286 million in the first quarter of 2015 compared to net income of $92 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. The E&P adjusted loss was $193 million in the first quarter of 2015 compared to adjusted earnings of $147 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted results for E&P between the first quarter of 2015 and fourth quarter of 2014 were as follows: lower realized selling prices decreased results by $363 million, lower sales volumes decreased results by $31 million, lower exploration expense increased results by $63 million, lower cash operating costs increased results by $29 million, higher DD&A expense decreased results by $52 million. All other items net to an increase in results of $14 million for an overall decrease in first quarter adjusted results of $340 million. In February, we hedged 50,000 barrels per day of crude oil production from March 1 through the end of 2015 by entering into Brent crude collars with a floor price of $60 per barrel and a ceiling price of $80 per barrel. For the quarter, our E&P operations were underlifted compared with production by approximately 1 million barrels, which had the effect of increasing our first quarter after-tax loss by approximately $7 million. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, was a benefit of 50% for the first quarter of 2015, which was favorable to our guidance of 40% to 44%, due primarily to the mix of income generated by operations during the quarter. The E&P effective tax rate in the fourth quarter of 2014 was 41%, excluding the effect of Libya operations. Turning to Corporate. Corporate and interest expenses after income taxes were $90 million in the first quarter of 2015 compared to $97 million in the fourth quarter of 2014. The decreased costs in the first quarter were a result of lower professional fees and other costs. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter, including a decrease of $108 million from changes in working capital, was $362 million. Net proceeds from asset sales were $95 million. Capital expenditures were $1,237,000,000. Common stock acquired and retired amounted to $67 million. Repayments of debt were $17 million. Common stock dividends paid were $72 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $2 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the first quarter of $938 million. Turning to our stock repurchase program. In the first quarter, we substantially reduced purchases of our common stock. The total program to date purchases total 62.9 million shares at a cost of approximately $5.3 billion. Turning to our financial position. We had $1.5 billion of cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2015, compared with $2.4 billion at December 31, 2014. Total debt was approximately $6 billion at both March 31, 2015, and December 31, 2014. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at March 31, 2015, was 21.6% compared to 21.2% at the end of 2014. We have a strong balance sheet and liquidity position to manage through this low commodity price cycle. Our capital spending will continue to decrease with the reduction in rigs in North Dakota, Norway and Equatorial Guinea and as a result of our ongoing cost reduction efforts. This will allow us to achieve an annualized run rate of capital spend that is about 1/3 less than our actual 2014 capital and exploratory expenditures, and at the same time preserve our operating capabilities to position us well for a recovery in oil prices. Turning to guidance. As a result of the progress we have made in the initial phase of our cost-reduction efforts, I would like to provide updated guidance for certain second quarter and full year 2015 metrics. For the second quarter and full year of 2015, cash costs are expected to be in the range of $17.50 to $18.50 per barrel, which is $2 per barrel lower than our original full year guidance of $19.50 to $20.50 per barrel. Depreciation, depletion and amortization guidance for the second quarter and full year is unchanged and is expected to be in the range of $28.50 to $29.50 per barrel, resulting in total production unit costs of $46 to $48 per barrel. Exploration expenses, excluding dry hole costs, are expected to be in the range of $90 million to $100 million in the second quarter and reduced by $20 million to $380 million to $400 million for the full year 2015. The E&P effective tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, is expected to be a benefit in the range of 39% to 43%, excluding Libyan operations, for the second quarter and for the full year. For the second quarter of 2015, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million net of taxes and interest expenses are estimated to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million net of taxes. The full year 2015 guidance for corporate expenses of $120 million to $130 million net of taxes and interest expenses of $205 million to $215 million net of taxes remains unchanged. This concludes my remarks. Well be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Guy Baber with Simmons.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: First off, you mentioned you're continuing to pursue cost reductions. So could you just talk to us a little bit that based on your discussions with service providers and your evaluation of the operations, where you believe you are on the cost reduction front? Are there more significant cost reductions to come? And if you could just talk about it in the components that you broke it into a little bit earlier and what type of opportunities you foresee going forward and then how that could influence activity plans over the back half of the year and into next year, we'd appreciate it. And then I have a follow-up.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think as I said in my opening remarks, really, supply chain savings are across the board, and they range all the way from 10% to 30%. With the 10%, the lower end of the range, being the consumables like steel because steel, on a worldwide basis, is pretty still -- is still a strong market. On the upper end of that range, you have your pumping services and your onshore rig rates towards that 30% range. Discussions are ongoing with suppliers. It's hard for me to give you an estimate of where we are in the process. It's an ongoing process. We do expect additional cost reductions throughout the year, but it's too early to speculate on how much they'll be or how fast they will come.
Guy Allen Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I have a follow-up on cash flow. So could you just -- I appreciate you giving us the working capital numbers. Could you just talk a little bit more about that working capital component, how you expect that to evolve through the course of the year as you reduce your activity levels? I imagine that could influence your payables to a certain degree. And then are there -- is there anything else on the cash flow front that we need to be aware of that could influence cash flow or influence cash flow during 1Q and future quarters? And I'm thinking the deferred tax element or anything else that you might point out that's not visible to us in this environment.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So in the first quarter, as you saw, it was just over a $100 million decrease due to working capital. Now there's ins and outs, as you can imagine, that's going to go to the portfolio every quarter. And in general, as a -- from a guidance standpoint, we will have a pull on working capital as we go through the year, and that is due to our dismantlement efforts in the U.K. and in Norway. So if you saw on our 10-K, in our current liabilities for dismantlement, we had $440 million of dismantlement costs that were expected liabilities to be incurred this year. And so effectively, that $100 million that we have there results from that dismantlement. On an ongoing basis, I would say, with working capital, it will generally be around the same amounts, except the second quarter will be slightly higher pulls because we have tax payments internationally, and then the third and fourth quarters being a bit lower. So that's, in general, working capital. There is nothing unusual, I would tell you, to expect, then, from our cash flow numbers. As it relates to deferred taxes, the guidance that we have been giving out is that the benefit that we are providing as estimates and that you put in your models, you should assume that tax benefit is a deferred benefit. And in the first quarter, the actual benefit that we recorded was essentially all a deferred benefit. We do have some current taxes that we pay, but we also had some offsets from those dismantlement costs that I just mentioned. As we pay them in the U.K., we receive some cash refunds.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I've got a couple also, if I may. Mr. Hess, I wonder if you could start with you. I just want to get some clarity on your comments around the midstream MLP process. Are you basically -- are you saying that the process is -- does not have a timeline because of the need for commentary from the SEC and so on? Or are you shelving the process? What are you trying to signal to us by that comment?
John P. Rielly: Doug, there's no signal from that comment, just progression and where we are. As you know, we're in a quiet period in the registration process and we're limited, really, in what we can do and discuss about our midstream assets and we really can't provide any further comments on the process.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So there's no change from our understanding as how things were or your appetite to get this done, I guess. Is that fair?
John B. Hess: No, no. Not at all, Doug. We're moving forward with the process.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. That's what I was looking for. My follow-up is probably for Greg, or maybe for whichever one of you guys who wants to take this. I guess the way I've always thought about lower price environment is that the best returns come from investing in the base where you've already got facilities and so on. So I guess what I'm trying to understand is when I look at the Africa volumes this quarter, they're obviously pretty strong compared to the guidance you've been -- you suggested at the Analyst Day. So I'm curious, what are you doing to the base in this environment? If things stayed depressed for longer, would that get more of the incremental capital? I'm just trying to understand how you're thinking about managing through this over the next year or so. And I'll leave it at that.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Doug. Under these prices, and you're absolutely right, anything that we can invest around our existing hubs are the most profitable investments that we can make in the portfolio. Now we always said we have the tension because we want to maintain that strong financial position. So as you know, we did reduce rigs in North Dakota and we are dropping the rig in EG in the middle of the year and we're stacking the Valhall platform rig in the middle of the year. All of those opportunities are good return opportunities. But again, we're balancing that with maintaining a strong financial position still while preserving growth options and preserving our operating capabilities. But having said that, from an incremental capital, we're really not looking at incremental capital right now in this price environment. But the first dollars, you are right, will for the most part go to where we have existing infrastructure because that'll be our best returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson with Evercore.
Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI, Research Division: John, you've been a leader for the industry on some of these important energy policy issues, inclusive of your recent comments in the Wall Street Journal. And on this point, while it seems that full removal of the export ban may not be that likely this year, it does seem like there's some bipartisan momentum for swaps with Mexico. So I wanted to see if we could get your updated views on the potential outcomes here and timing and impacts or just any other thoughts you might have in this area.
John B. Hess: Happy to do so. Obviously, it's political, Doug, as you mention. All we're trying to do is make sure our voice is heard and we keep the pressure on, on this important issue. It'll either take an act of Congress or an executive order from the President to give the green light to crude exports. It's a time where we're, as a country, considering lifting the sanctions on Iranian crude oil exports. Well, it's high time that we lift the sanctions on the self-imposed U.S. crude imports. And so we're trying to have our voice heard. Other members of the industry are. And I think we're trying to build and educate awareness with political leaders, both on the congressional side as well as the executive branch, to move this forward. So we're going to do what we can to make this more a current item as opposed to one that gets kicked down the road.
Douglas Terreson - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay. And then also, there's been a lot of commentary on strategies for drilled but uncompleted wells in the United States. And so my question is whether or not you could provide your view as to the opportunity for the industry and for the company and just kind of help us sort this out for Hess, and whether or not it's meaningful or what have you.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, thanks, Doug. I mean, I can't speak for others. I think our philosophy is just from a return standpoint, it doesn't make a lot of sense to drill a well but not complete it. And so the decision should be to not drill the well upfront and that's why we've collapsed to our core and said things outside the core we'll save for a later day. But our philosophy is where we have the good returns in the core of the core we're going to drill and complete those wells in just the normal cycle, particularly with lean manufacturing because you want to keep that learning and continuous improvement machine going because if you stop it and then restart it, say, 1 year or 2 later, your startup costs will be more than if you just would have continued.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisors.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC: When we met earlier in the year, you talked some about just the A&D market and just a relatively wide spread, and I think your comments around incremental capital might fit into that as well. How are you thinking about that opportunity set of pain in the industry and opportunity to add to your resource potential?
John B. Hess: Right. We have plenty of great investment opportunities to create value for our shareholders from our current portfolio of assets and prospects. So as a consequence, that's where our focus is going to be to deliver future value. Having said that, in the current environment, if there are opportunities out there, we're always looking to strengthen our portfolio strategically, that meet our investment thresholds and that don't sacrifice our balance sheet strength. Things that would meet that, which we certainly haven't seen yet, then we would give that strong consideration. But the key in all of this is to maintain our balance sheet strength and also, in all of this, we will be capital disciplined.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC: And then on the balance sheet, with the cash pull down through the year, have you -- any thoughts or update with the hedges in and where you'd end the year on a cash balance?
John P. Rielly: So I mean, you can see, we still have $1.5 billion of cash on the balance sheet. And just in general, we have moderate leverage metrics and we have an undrawn $4 billion revolver, which doesn't mature until 2020. So we have ample liquidity. And as you mentioned, we've got the $550 million cost savings initiative that we've already achieved and we are continuing to work to drive further cost reductions throughout our portfolio. So that, and also there's been some firming with the oil prices, is helping to reduce our deficit. So I don't want to predict where we'll be at the end of the year, but we believe we have the financial strength to fund any near-term deficit, that's why we keep that strong financial position.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers Investment Research.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: My first question would be an operational one. In the Utica Shale, are you concentrating on Harrison County because of the well quality, or is there some other reason?
Gregory P. Hill: No. The reason we're concentrating on Harrison County is that is the core of the core of the wet gas play, so that offers the best returns.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Okay, great. And there's been a lot of discussion about re-fracking recently, and I was just wondering, is that anything that you guys are experimenting with currently or thinking about?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we've done a fair number of re-fracs in the past. Particularly, we experimented a lot with them in the 2010 timeframe. The results were very mixed. Having said that, I think we'll continue to watch others and see how that develops. And if it looks like it's a value-accretive thing to do, we would do that. I would say if you can get your well costs down very low, it may make more sense just to redrill a lateral than deal with the complexity of re-fracturing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Maybe one quick question on the Bakken. Production in the Bakken has pretty consistently exceeded expectation in recent quarters. I was wondering if you could give any help in terms of generally what do you thinks been driving that. If you had -- is it the better-than-expected well performance? Are you seeing anything on the efficiency gains front going forward that we should consider? And then, as we look at full year guidance, you actually started the year off above the guidance range, and I realize you don't update numbers until first half, but should we think about potential for upside to full year numbers? Or how should we think about the trajectory from here over the course of the year?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think, again, we have reduced our rig count to 8. And so there is some uncertainty as to how or if the Bakken rolls. Now we believe we can maintain production relatively flat with an 8-rig program, but obviously, there's uncertainty in that. As the year develops and as we get more production experience, we'll update our guidance accordingly. Regarding performance being a little better than expected, we are seeing some very good type curve performance in the core of the core. And so that's been a nice surprise for us.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then maybe if I could, one follow-up on infrastructure. You're spending $350 million on infrastructure this year. How should we think about the run rate from 2016 forward? Does that number come down, and over the long term, is there the potential for that to eventually be shifted to the MLPs?
John P. Rielly: So just before I discuss the MLP, the infrastructure costs this year are higher. We have some significant infrastructure work that we're doing south of the river to be able to bring hydrocarbons back up north of the river, to -- either oil to our rail facility or gas to our gas plants. So we do have a higher infrastructure spend this year and it will decrease as it goes forward in '16. There always will be infrastructure spend, and then, yes, as the MLP is out in the market and is operating, they will be picking up the infrastructure spend.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: You've talked a lot about lower costs, particularly as it relates to the onshore. I wondered if you could give us an update on offshore costs, including in areas like Stampede and North Malay, projects that are already on track, but whether you're seeing any cost deflationary pressures there.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think the current environment provides some opportunities to capture cost reductions, which will benefit Stampede before it comes on-stream in 2018. So we're about 85% contracted through the first quarter of 2015. Now I will remind you that 60% of the costs associated with drilling is associated with drilling and completions on Stampede, and that in late 2014, we contracted 7 string years with Diamond at a day rate of about $400,000, which is roughly 40% to 50% lower than what the 2013 market rates were. So we captured some of those savings already. I think as just a general statement, the cost savings in the offshore are not as deep and pronounced as the onshore, for obvious reasons, and they're coming at a slower pace than the ones in the onshore. They'll come, with time, particularly if crude prices stay low, but not at the rate or the depth that we're seeing in the onshore.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow-up a bit on, I think it was Douglas Leggate's earlier question with regards to how we think about activity levels relative to cost structure and prices. You've talked a lot here about strong productivity trends, great Bakken acreage position, well costs that look like they'll go sometime this year to $6 million. If you were to bring activity back on, do you think that those cost savings that you're seeing here are just going to completely reverse, or do see some of that lingering? And given these trends, how do you think about when it makes sense to stop subtracting activity and start adding activity?
Gregory P. Hill: Let me kind of address the -- kind of what is an industry question, which is the ramp back up. A couple of comments. I think that the ramp-up will not be as fast as the ramp-down. Why? Because there is a significant amount of the workforce that has left the oil and gas industry. And so to restart those rigs and get crews and get all the people you need, that's going to be a much slower ramp. So I think as an industry, our ability to ramp up will not be as fast as maybe some people anticipate. So I think that's the first kind of context we'll comment. I think the other thing that we're thinking about, John can build on this, is we'll have to see a fairly strong price signal for an extended period of time before we're just going to ramp activity back up. So any of those savings will, by definition, go straight back onto the balance sheet to help reduce our deficit.
Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And do you see the cost rising back to $7 million if and when activity levels start to tick back up?
Gregory P. Hill: I believe some of it is sustainable. And -- but trying to predict when it will bounce back, how fast, I think, is really difficult.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, when we're looking at your first half production, including the first quarter and the second quarter guidance and your full year, should we look at it as you're just being a little bit conservative or that you do expect during the summer has a significant maintenance downtime in North Sea or some of the areas and also that the cut in CapEx is really going to start taking the toll in some of the production, including Bakken, that's why you're still more comfortable sticking to the full year guidance?
Gregory P. Hill: Again, Paul, I think, we only have one quarter under our belt and we will update guidance, as we always do, at the end of the second quarter. We do have the usual maintenance in the summer months in our offshore fleet. We also have to tie in the new well at Tubular Bells and tie in a nearby accumulation called Gunflint that will also be brought into the Tubular Bells Williams facility. And so there's a little more downtime with Tubular Bells. I think as I mentioned earlier, there'll be uncertainty in the Bakken as you reduce the rig rates. Production's strong, it's going well. But as you reduce those rates, I think there's still some uncertainty. So I'd like to see a little more visibility on how the Bakken is going to behave before we update our guidance, but production's been strong so far.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Can I ask in a slightly different way. If we look at your maintenance activities for this year during the summertime and/or the second half, is it going to be about average of the previous year, of the last couple of years or is it just going to be significantly higher?
Gregory P. Hill: I think, just to give you some round numbers, we have about 25 days of maintenance for T-Bells, which is a little high because we have these tie-ins that we're going to do, so that would be abnormal, I would say. 17 days for all the other Gulf of Mexico fields, so that's about normal. 6 days on Valhall, again about normal. And then 17 days on JDA, which is a little higher because we're tying in booster compression and other things at JDA. So T-Bells and JDA are a little bit higher than normal.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then maybe looking at the CapEx. When -- earlier you said that you can bring it down, I think, to $3.8 billion of the CapEx run rate by -- towards the end of the year, is that the kind of run rate you need to sustain the production flat and oil and gas mix steady?
John P. Rielly: The way we look at it, Paul, I mean, it's always a difficult question. The way we look at a run rate spend from keeping something -- keeping production flat, is we look at it really keeping our barrels, our proved reserve barrels flat. So if you're talking about -- with 360,000 barrels a day of approximate production, taking that by 365, you're saying you need to produce -- or you need to replace about 140-ish type million barrels. And then take an F&D cost, $20 to $25, that's how we look at kind of a capital spend just to keep reserves flat, which we do and imply over time that you can keep production flat. So that $3.8 billion would be in that range.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: A lot covered here. A follow-up on the Bakken inventory. I know you provided the inventory and return calculations for your core of the core in the Bakken, the 15% return at 40 with 7 years of depth. But are those wells closer to 800,000 BOEs EUR, or your base type curve at 660, or any other performance color on the expected type curves?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think, Evan, as we've said, we've guided the 550 to 650 range on EUR. Obviously, as we collapse to the core, that number is going to increase over time, as will the IP rates as you begin to collapse to the core of the core. So yes, they will be a little bit stronger than what our average has been in the past.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And you can see some of that in the state data today. But does that have other implications on the balance of the inventory? The balance of the inventory is still towards the average of type curve? Is that fair?
Gregory P. Hill: You mean outside the core?
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Correct.
Gregory P. Hill: Obviously, within that range, it'd be at the lower end of that range for outside the core. So we're going to concentrate on the upper end of that range in our drilling program.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then I have a follow-up. I know during the Investor Day, you talked about stage density being the greatest lever you can pull to improve IPs and EURs. Could you discuss your program with 50 stages per lateral and timing? And any update on your 9-8 per DSU pilots, downsizing pilots?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, you bet. So let me start with the 9-8. The results that we've seen from the 4 pilots are encouraging and so we're increasing the number of pilots on the 9 and 8 to 9 this year. So again, some encouragement there. The 50 stage, we've got a few under our belt. So operationally, they've gone extremely well. And now we're just watching the production curves, and it's too early to kind of say it's a victory or not. But so far, operationally, we've proven that it's a -- we can get those in the ground without any trouble.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Westlake with Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So sticking with the Bakken. So outside of the core, maybe any color on whether either through getting more stages per well and therefore basically getting capital efficiency on the cost side, or new technology, are you seeing any of the sort of noncore acreage move up in terms of the breakeven, so maybe a bit of a color about the breakevens that you see as you move outside of the core.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think, obviously, as we get our well costs down and also get our productivity up, potentially through a higher stage count, more of the inventory will kind of come into that breakeven, right? As I said before, though, I think increasing activity, we're going to want pretty good price signals before we just go increase activity. So any savings is going to be swept to the balance sheet to help reduce our deficit in the near term.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then in terms of the 50 stage wells that you have under your belt, I don't know if we've seen production performance from them so far. Well, I mean, any idea where they are so that we can track them ourselves, would be one question. But where did the well costs come in, in terms of relative to the average cost? Because I know you've been able to increase the stages and maintain relatively low well costs at the same time.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we're confident that we can stay well within our well cost even at 50 stages because of the improvements we're making, not only through lean, but through supply chain. Early days on the type curves. Encouraging, but we want to see good type curve history before we make a final decision on whether we move to 50 stage. Our standard design still remains 35 for now.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. And then a very small question on the gassy NGL mix in the Bakken. It seems to be increasing a little, but that's just flaring rules, presumably, rather than any change in the geology?
John P. Rielly: Yes, no change in the geology. It's actually even just more hookups getting to our gas plant, which was being expanded, so just getting infrastructure and getting more of the gas into the plant.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Wolfe.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: If I could just triangulate what I've heard. You said that the current run rate to CapEx is around $3.8 billion. And you separately said that you thought that, that would be able to sustain a flat reserves or 100% reserves replacement, which would imply flat volumes going forward over time. At the same time, separately again, I see that you've hedged at about $60 a barrel as a floor. And then finally, what you said is you wouldn't simply reraise your CapEx when operators recover, you know that it would be a lag effect. So if I could pull -- I hope I've got all that right, if I could just ask a couple of follow-up questions. Are you now basically planning the company at $60 a barrel, with an aim to keep the volumes flat, first, until prices recover? And second, within the plan, you've also mentioned, again separately, that Bakken efficiency continues to improve. Would that $60 a barrel level imply that you would have rising Bakken volumes offsetting falling international volumes?
John P. Rielly: Thanks, Paul. Just on an overall basis, I just want to remind that we remain committed to managing our business to be cash generative over the long term. So you have summarized kind of all of our comments today correctly. It's not per se that we are absolutely planning at $60, but we're looking at the reality of where the current price environment is. And we want to make sure that we can be cash generative over the long term. So first, we're serious about addressing the funding deficit because we want to maintain our strong financial position, and that's why we started with the $550 million of cost savings. Just to get to that $3.8 billion, so the first quarter was the peak of our capital spending, and spending will reduce each quarter throughout the year, and so that's why by the second half of the year, we have this $3.8 billion run rate, which is about 1/3 lower. Now general comments of being able to hold reserves. Again, you're talking about a $25 F&D. Obviously, if you just hold your reserves flat and you do increase production, you do reduce your reserve life. So we have to balance and we want to maintain the longevity of the portfolio as well. But we're focused right now on cost reduction efforts and reducing that funding deficit. And because we have a strong financial position, we can invest in this low commodity price cycle. So again, we're very focused on investing in the good returns in our portfolio. We want to maintain our growth options and it's key that we preserve this top quartile operating capability that we've developed. And so that's why being able to keep the strong financial position to fund, in any given year, a deficit. But over the long term, I just want to reemphasize that we will do what it takes to be cash generative over the long term. So again, not focused on any individual price at one point in time, but that's how we're running the business.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: Yes. I totally understand that. It just seems that $60 is sort of the implicit number, let's say, for now, given what you see. Could you comment on the Bakken growth? Do you anticipate you can grow at $60?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think, again, as I said earlier, Paul, I think at 8 rigs, we believe we can hold the Bakken broadly flat within the range that we've guided. Now we'll see. There's some uncertainty in that number, but believe -- we believe we can hold it broadly flat with 8 rigs.
John B. Hess: And 8 corresponds to the current price environment that we're in right now, Paul. So that sort of gives you a feel for, at this price environment, with an 8 rig complement, we think we can keep the Bakken flattish for the next several years.
Paul B. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: Got it. And just finally, I've seen that within that, you would be -- first of all, could I just confirm about what cap -- cash flow you would expect, let's say, at $60 a barrel given the noise that we had in Q1? And secondly, that I've seen you continue to plan to raise the dividend over time? And I'll leave it there.
John P. Rielly: Paul, we can't -- I mean, just to estimate what's going to happen with prices. And -- so first of all, even at $60, we've got to focus then on the cost reduction efforts. And as Greg said, things will be coming over time. So trying to forecast exactly what our cash flow would be with $60, long term, it would be difficult to do. So I think I just want to come back to that we are committed, over the long term, to be cash generative over a cycle time, so that's how we are focusing the business.
John B. Hess: Yes, and in terms of the cash dividend, right now, our priority is the funding deficit and getting ourselves to a cash generative position. So those are the priorities right now -- and investing for returns.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: You alluded to the fact that you would be potentially open to acreage acquisitions if something useful came along. Would you be equally open to some additional asset monetizations above and beyond all you've done in the past 2 years?
John P. Rielly: We've done, obviously, $13 billion worth of asset sales for the past couple of years. And to get our portfolio to a position that we really think it's competitive at low prices and it's going to be very competitive at high prices. So right now, obviously, where prices are, it's not a seller's market. We're focused absolutely on, day in and day out, on cost reduction efforts and reducing our deficit. So that's our focus right now, Pavel.
John B. Hess: And as always, and we've said this before, but just to give clarity, portfolio optimization is ongoing and part of the normal course of business as we move forward. And that includes the monetization of our Bakken midstream.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can I also ask about hedging? Right now, as we're talking, the spread between the front month WTI contract and one year out is $6, $7. Are you taking advantage of the Contango to layer in hedges for '16 or even '17?
John P. Rielly: No, the hedges we have on are what I mentioned in my earlier results, so we have 50,000 barrels a day of collars and they're Brent collars, between $60 and $80. And again, we will continue to look at our price exposure on an annual basis and we may hedge to provide some insurance. So in the first quarter, we saw an opportunity to hedge against a pretty softening market right there and potential declines in '15, and so we entered into those collars. But again, it's an ongoing thing that we may do, but at this point in time, it's the program that I mentioned.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - VP, Investor Relations John B. Hess - CEO John P. Rielly - SVP and CFO Gregory P. Hill - President and COO
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Guy Baber - Simmons Brian Singer - Goldman Sachs Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital David Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors Phillips Johnston - Capital One South Coast Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research Roger Read - Wells Fargo Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2014 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Lisa and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Lisa. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our Web-site, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our Web-site. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President and Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I will provide some key highlights from 2014 and guidance for 2015. Greg Hill will then discuss our operating performance and John Rielly will review our financial results. Before covering the quarter and the year, I would like to provide some thoughts on the dramatic change in the oil market with the price of Brent dropping from $115 per barrel in June to approximately $49 per barrel today. While this price drop poses serious challenges for the entire industry, Hess continues to maintain a strong financial position with $2.4 billion of cash on our balance sheet at year-end and a debt-to-capitalization ratio of 21%. The current market weakness is driven by strong supply growth from U.S. unconventionals and weaker than expected global demand. In the past, during periods of oversupply, Saudi Arabia and a few other OPEC members would have reduced production to stabilize prices. This time, they decided to leave it to the market to rebalance, and consequently oil prices have plummeted. The near-term impact is that many companies including ours are announcing significant reductions to their global investment programs which will begin to decrease unconventional and conventional production growth in the latter half of 2015 and even more so in 2016. All of the steps we have taken in the last several years have positioned us well to manage in this environment. In addition to our strong balance sheet and liquidity position, our transformation to an E&P company has created a resilient portfolio of world-class assets that is balanced between unconventionals which offer lower-risk growth in a high price environment with the flexibility to moderate investment in a lower price environment, and our offshore assets which generate significant cash flows and also provide future growth opportunities. Our financial strategy which we reviewed during our Investor Day last November is, first, to invest for returns; second, to manage our business to be cash generative over the long-term; third, to use our balance sheet in a given year like 2015 to fund the shortfall in operating cash flow; and finally, to maintain our investment-grade credit rating. In keeping with this strategy, we are taking a disciplined approach to protect our financial strength in the current environment while preserving our long-term growth options. As announced on Monday, we will reduce our 2015 capital and exploratory expenditure budget to $4.7 billion, approximately 16% lower than our 2014 actual spend. We are reducing our 2015 annual spend in the Bakken to $1.8 billion compared to $2.2 billion in 2014 and plan to decrease our rig count to eight rigs by the second quarter compared to 17 rigs in 2014. In addition, we are actively pursuing cost reductions with service providers across our supply chain. As for our share repurchase program, we are significantly moderating the pace of share repurchases in 2015 to preserve liquidity in the current oil price environment. Since commencement of the program in August of 2013, we have repurchased 62.8 million shares for $5.3 billion. Now I would like to comment on some of the key highlights of our earnings release as well as our major accomplishments from 2014, which overall was a year of outstanding operating performance. First, 2014 adjusted net income was $1.3 billion and cash flow from operations before changes in working capital was $5.2 billion. Compared to 2013, our results were positively impacted by lower cash operating costs and exploration expenses which were more than offset by lower realized selling prices and higher depreciation expenses. Second, in 2014, production averaged 329,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day or 318,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day on a pro forma basis excluding divestitures in Libya. In 2015, we forecast production to average between 350,000 and 360,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya. Third, in 2014, we replaced 158% of production at an FD&A cost of approximately $28.75 per barrel of oil equivalent. At year-end, our proved reserves stood at 1.4 billion barrels of oil equivalent and our reserve life was 11.7 years. Now I will review some of the accomplishments from 2014 starting with the Bakken where Hess continues its industry leadership. In late March, the expanded Tioga gas processing plant came online, which is key to our commitment to sustainable growth in North Dakota and is enabling us to significantly reduce flaring. The expansion increased the plant's gross inlet capacity to 250 million cubic feet per day and more than doubled its natural gas liquids processing capacity. Throughout 2014, our Bakken team has continued to drive down drilling and completion costs and the productivity of our wells is among the highest in the industry. In the fourth quarter, we achieved the important milestone of net production exceeding 100,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Hess has a strong acreage position in the Bakken with more DSUs in the core of the play than any other competitor. For 2015, our net production from the Bakken is expected to average between 95,000 and 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 83,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2014. We are still working to monetize our Bakken midstream assets through a master limited partnership. We expect the IPO to occur in 2015 subject to market conditions and we will continue to provide you with further updates as appropriate. Turning to offshore, we continue to employ our top quartile drilling and project delivery capabilities. A major accomplishment in 2014 was the startup of the Tubular Bells Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico in which Hess has a 57.1% interest in the project and is the operator. The field achieved first production approximately three years after project sanctioned. Net production is expected to average between 30,000 and 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2015. The Stampede project in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico in which Hess has a 25% working interest and is operator received full partner sanction for development in October 2014. Chevron, Statoil and Nexen, each have a 25% working interest. Total recoverable resources for Stampede are estimated in the range of 300 million to 350 million barrels of oil equivalent and first production is expected in 2018. In Malaysia, full field development of the North Malay Basin project continue to progress, which should result in net production increasing to 165 million cubic feet per day in 2017. Hess is the operator with a 50% interest. In terms of exploration, our strategy is to deliver long-term value by focusing on proven and emerging oil prone plays in basins we understand well and that leverage our capabilities. As we announced at our Investor Day, we secured farming opportunities in three deepwater blocks, Sicily in the Gulf of Mexico with Chevron as operator; the Stabroek block in Guyana with Esso E&P Guyana Limited as operator, and in Nova Scotia with BP as operator. In summary, 2014 was a year of outstanding execution and strong operating results with industry-leading performance in our unconventionals and offshore business. Our Company is well-positioned to manage through the current price environment with a strong balance sheet and resilient portfolio. Our 2015 budget reflects a disciplined approach to maintaining our financial strength and flexibility while preserving our long-term growth options. Just as important, we have top quartile operating capabilities and some of the best people in the industry to execute our plans and maximize shareholder value. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an operational update on our progress in 2014 and our plans for 2015. In 2014, we demonstrated strong delivery of our plan across our unconventionals and offshore businesses and began rebuilding a top-quality exploration organization and portfolio. We exceeded the top end of our production guidance range while achieving a material reduction of approximately $200 million in our capital and exploratory spend against budget in response to the lower price environment. In our unconventionals business, we delivered on our Bakken commitments while continuing our cost reductions and successfully progressing our infill pilots, leading to a significant increase in well inventory. In the Utica, results continued to encourage our transition from appraisal to early development. Offshore, we delivered first production from Tubular Bells, achieved full partner sanction on Stampede and made steady progress at Valhall and at North Malay Basin. We drilled some excellent wells at South Arne and Equatorial Guinea, successfully conducted our appraisal of Ghana and advanced our Equus project in Australia. Starting then with production, in the fourth quarter net production averaged 352,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day on a pro forma basis excluding divestures in Libya. On that same basis, for the full year 2014 we achieved net production of 318,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day which exceeded our beginning of the year guidance of 305,000 to 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Looking forward, in 2015 we forecast net production to average between 350,000 and 360,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day excluding Libya, an increase of between 10% and 13% respectively over a pro forma production in 2014. On the same basis, we forecast net production in the first quarter of 2015 to average between 330,000 and 340,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day which takes into account planned maintenance in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the North Sea. Turning to the Bakken, in 2014 we continued to demonstrate excellent performance. We brought 238 new operated wells online and full-year net production averaged 83,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 24% versus 2013 and well within our guidance of 80,000 to 90,000 barrels of oil equivalent net per day. In the fourth quarter, net production averaged 102,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, a 19% increase from the previous quarter and a 50% increase from the fourth quarter of 2013. In 2014, our 30 day initial production rates have average between 800 and 950 barrels of oil equivalent per day, well above the industry average. Our continued focus on applying lean manufacturing practices to our operations enabled us to continue to drive down our Bakken drilling and completion costs with the fourth quarter averaging $7.1 million per well versus $7.6 million per well in the year ago quarter. We expect to further reduce costs both through ongoing efficiencies and by proactively addressing our cost structure in collaboration with our suppliers. Based on our top quartile drilling and completion costs and the productivity of our wells, we continued to deliver some of the highest return wells in the play. As we mentioned on our last call and at our Investor Day last November, we have now moved to 13 wells per DSU as our standard basis of development. Also our two existing 17 well per DSU pilots are performing in line with expectations. So we plan to increase the total number of these to five in 2015. The quality of our Bakken position provides a robust forward well inventory that's substantially all held by production. Given the current pricing environment, it makes sense to diverse some drilling until oil prices have moved higher. With this in mind, in 2015 we intend to reduce our activity from 14 rigs in the first quarter to eight in the second quarter, giving an average of 9.5 rigs for the year compared to 17 rigs in 2014 and we will remain flexible to respond to prices as appropriate. Our 2015 capital budget for the Bakken is $1.8 billion, a reduction of some 18% from last year. With our reduced rig program, we nevertheless expect to drill and complete approximately 180 wells in 2015 and bring approximately 210 new wells online in total, compared to 238 new wells online in 2014. Bakken net production is expected to average between 95,000 and 105,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day over the full year, an increase of 14% to 27% respectively on an annualized basis versus 2014. Looking further ahead, the quality of our acreage and our well inventory on a 13 well per DSU development plan continues to support our longer-term net production target of 175,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day for the Bakken. However, the timing of when this can be reached will be a function of oil price. Moving to the Utica, the appraisal and early development of our 45,000 core net acres in the Hess-CONSOL joint venture continues to be encouraging. In 2014, the joint venture drilled 38 wells, completed 36 wells and brought 39 wells on production. Our drilling and completion costs on a dollars per foot and dollars per stage basis moved steadily lower by 28% and 17% respectively in 2014 as we began to apply the same lean manufacturing techniques that we used in the Bakken. As we move into development mode and continue to work with our suppliers in the lower oil price environment, we expect drilling and completion costs will be further reduced. Net production for the year in the Utica averaged 9,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the fourth quarter, net production averaged 13,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 2,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year ago quarter. The joint venture intends to execute a two rig program in the core of the wet gas window during 2015. Our budget of $290 million for 2015 is dedicated to drilling 20 to 25 joint venture wells and we expect to bring 25 to 30 new wells online. In terms of net production, we expect to average between 15,000 and 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2015. Turning to our offshore business, in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico we commenced production at our Tubular Bells Field in which Hess holds a 57.1% working interest and is operator. Sanctioned in October 2011 and fast-tracked to first oil in approximately three years, the project underlines Hess' ability to successfully execute complex deepwater development projects. The first three producers are now online and production continues to build. A fourth producer reached target depth and encountered 290 feet of net pay. Current net production from the field is approximately 26,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and we plan to bring on one additional producer and continue to increase production over the course of 2015. We forecast net production to average between 30,000 and 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day over 2015. Also in the Gulf of Mexico, on October the Stampede development project in which Hess holds a 25% working interest and is operator was sanctioned by all four partners. Drilling is expected to commence utilizing two rigs in late 2015 with first oil targeted for 2018. In North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand in which Hess holds a 50% working interest and is operator, progress continues on the first phase of field development. Engineering, procurement and construction activities are underway and commencement of development drilling is planned by Q4 of 2015. Full year net production averaged 40 million cubic feet per day through the early production system in 2014 and is expected to stay at this level through 2016. Upon completion of the full field development project in 2017, net production is planned to increase to 165 million cubic feet per day. In Norway, at the BP operated Valhall Field in which Hess has a 64% interest, fourth quarter net production averaged 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 37,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year ago quarter, due in part to scheduled maintenance downtime in the fourth quarter of 2014. Full year 2014 net production averaged 31,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase of 8,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day over the previous year. In 2015, we expect Valhall net production to average between 30,000 and 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In Ghana, Hess and its partners are continuing to incorporate the data from the appraisal drilling in new 3D seismic into our models with a view to a sanction decision during 2016. Offshore Australia, we signed a letter of intent with the North West Shelf joint venture to process gas through LNG facilities at Karratha. Next steps will be to finalize commercial terms, complete FEED for the project and engage with LNG buyers in 2015 aiming for a sanction decision in 2017. Moving to exploration, in Kurdistan where Hess has a 64% interest, we have suspended drilling of the Shireen-1 well on the Dinarta block due to drilling difficulties and are assessing options to complete the program. In the Gulf of Mexico, Chevron has begun drilling operations on the Sicily well where Hess has a 25% interest, which is targeting a four-way closure in the outward Paleocene. The operator expects to reach target depth in the third quarter of 2015. In Guyana, we expect the operator, Esso Exploration and Production Guyana Limited, to spud the offshore Liza-1 well in the Stabroek License in which Hess holds a 30% interest in March 2015. Liza is a large amplitude-supported Upper Cretaceous fan play. Turning to offshore Nova Scotia where we hold a 40% license interest in blocks where BP is operator, Hess has been approved as a partner by the regulatory authorities and drilling is expected to commence in 2017. In closing, 2014 was a year of exceptional execution and delivery on all fronts which is a tribute to the outstanding people of Hess. Although 2015 promises to be a challenging year for the industry, I believe Hess' portfolio and prospects have never been stronger. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the fourth quarter of 2014 to the third quarter of 2014. Adjusted net income, which excludes items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, was $53 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 and $377 million in the previous quarter. We estimate the fourth quarter decline in selling prices lowered net income by approximately $300 million net of hedging gains compared to the third quarter. On an unadjusted basis, the Corporation incurred a net loss of $8 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared with net income of $1,008 million in the third quarter. Turning to exploration and production, E&P net income in the fourth quarter of 2014 was $92 million and $441 million in the third quarter. E&P adjusted earnings were $147 million in the fourth quarter and $412 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted net income for E&P between the third and fourth quarter were as follows. Lower realized selling prices decreased earnings by $303 million. Higher sales volumes increased earnings by $132 million. Higher exploration expenses decreased earnings by $56 million. Higher DD&A expense decreased earnings by $22 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $16 million, for an overall decrease in fourth quarter adjusted earnings of $265 million. Our E&P operations were over-lifted compared with production by approximately 1 million barrels in the fourth quarter, resulting in an increased after-tax income of approximately $9 million. The E&P effective income tax rate excluding items affecting comparability of earnings was 58% for the fourth quarter and 41% in the third quarter of 2014. The increase in the effective tax rate reflects the impact of higher Libyan production. When the Libyan operations are also excluded, the effective tax rate was 41%. Turning to corporate and interest, corporate and interest expenses after income taxes were $97 million in the fourth quarter of 2014 and $82 million in the third quarter. The increased costs in the fourth quarter were a result of lower capitalized interest and higher professional fees and other administrative expenses. Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter including an increase of $80 million from changes in working capital was $1,057 million. Capital expenditures were $1,566 million. Common stock acquired and retired was $1,077 million. Net repayments of debt were $37 million. Common stock dividends paid were $71 million. All other items amounted to an increase in cash of $18 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $1,676 million. Turning to our stock repurchase program, during the fourth quarter we purchased approximately 13.3 million shares of common stock bringing total 2014 purchases to approximately 43.4 million shares at a cost of approximately $3.7 billion. As of January 27, total program to date purchases were 62.8 million shares at a cost of $5.27 billion or $83.91 per share. Turning to our financial position, we had $2.4 billion of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2014, up from $1.8 billion at the end of last year. Total debt was $6 billion at December 31, 2014 and $5.8 billion at December 31, 2013. The Corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio was 21.2% at December 31, 2014 and 19% at the end of 2013. Going forward, we expect to utilize our strong cash position and balance sheet to manage through this low commodity price cycle. Turning to 2015 guidance and starting with exploration and production, in addition to the production and capital expenditure guidance provided by John and Greg, I would like to provide estimates for certain 2015 metrics based on our expected production range of 350,000 to 360,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day which assumes no contribution from Libya. For the full year 2015, E&P cash costs are expected to be in the range of $19.50 to $20.50 per barrel, which is down approximately 5% before any realization of our cost saving initiatives. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses are expected to be in the range of $28.50 to $29.50 per barrel reflecting greater contributions from Bakken and Tubular Bells which both have higher DD&A rates than the portfolio average. Total production unit costs for 2015 are estimated to be in the range of $48 to $50 per barrel. Full year 2015 exploration expenses excluding dry hole costs are expected to be in the range of $400 million to $420 million. For the first quarter of 2015, excluding Libyan operations, cash costs are expected to be in the range of $20.50 to $21.50 per barrel due to maintenance downtime in the Gulf of Mexico and North Sea, and DD&A rates are expected to be in the range of $28.50 to $29.50 per barrel, for total production unit costs of $49 to $51 per barrel. Exploration expenses in the first quarter excluding dry hole costs are expected to be in the range of $90 million to $100 million. Based on current Strip oil prices, we are forecasting a pre-tax loss for 2015 and as a result the E&P effective tax rate excluding items affecting comparability is expected to be a benefit in the range of 38% to 42% excluding Libyan operations. On the same basis as the full-year guidance, the effective tax rate for the first quarter of 2015 is expected to be a benefit in the range of 40% to 44%. Turning to corporate and interest, for the full year of 2015 corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $120 million to $130 million net of taxes, and interest expenses are estimated to be in the range of $205 million to $215 million net of taxes. For the first quarter of 2015, corporate expenses are estimated to be in the range of $30 million to $35 million net of taxes and interest expenses are estimated to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million net of taxes. Before I conclude my remarks, I would like to inform you the quarterly earnings supplement posted on our Web-site has been augmented this quarter to include more detailed information regarding our Utica shale operations. I will now turn the call over to the operator for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Doug Leggate: John and Greg, I guess I haven't spoken to you guys yet, so Happy New Year. I wondered if I could take two questions please. The first one is really on the prospective cash burn for the current year. I understand the balance sheet is in terrific shape given all the moves from last year, but what are you guys assuming in terms of the commodity environment, because obviously if oil prices don't recover, this level of spending pretty much burns through your cash flow pretty quickly, so can you give some framework as to how the CapEx may change if oil prices don't recover, and I have a follow-up please?
John P. Rielly: Sure, Doug. I appreciate the question and the difficulty with the environment but we're not going to speculate right now on where oil prices are going to end up through 2015. So now having said that, we are well-positioned going into this low priced commodity cycle. So first, proactively we have been reducing our CapEx, we did reduce that as you saw in 2014 and we've made further reductions in 2015. And as was mentioned by both John and Greg, we have the ability to reduce it further if needed. We are reducing our stock repurchase program, we're significantly moderating that, and then as you mentioned with our strong cash position, we have $2.4 billion of cash, and our strong balance sheet position, we can utilize this cash and the balance sheet to get through this low priced commodity cycle. So we think we're in great position from that standpoint and we're just going to see where oil prices end up throughout the year.
Doug Leggate: Great. Thanks, John. My follow-up is for Greg. Greg, we've got something like last time I looked about a $20 contango and the oil price for the next three years which approximates I guess to about two-thirds, 70% of production from our Bakken well, can you help us understand the decision to go ahead and retain the completion rate at such a high level, and talk to what does the new type curve look like for the 2015 program, and I guess finally, what are your expectations for drilling and completion cost reductions as you move forward over in this cost environment, a low price environment? I'll leave it there, thank you.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, Doug, that's really three questions, so let me try and answer all. First of all, at current prices, what you were talking about was really, what are your returns in the Bakken, why should you go forward? So just some context, as we mentioned at our Investor Day in November, recall that we have 60% more DSUs in the core of the Bakken than any other operator, and our 2015 drilling program is focused in the best areas of this core. Secondly, as you know our well costs are some of the lowest in the industry, our well IPs are well above the industry average. So that means we're delivering some of the highest returns in the industry. So given all these advantages, our current prices were delivering incremental returns that meet or exceed our hurdle rate. And finally given our large position in the core, we see a multiyear inventory of drilling at these current activity levels and pricing. I think the final thing I would say is, we really want to maintain capability. We have a world-class lean manufacturing team and capability and we have a strong desire to maintain that as much as possible. As far as service cost, we're starting to see some response and we're in very active discussions with all of our suppliers. So it's premature to kind of speculate on where those are going to go, they're going to go down but I can't tell you how much or how fast at this point in time. I think the third thing relating to type curves, we're going to be in that 800 to 950 kind of an initial IP rate in this core of the core. So we'll be probably towards the upper end of that but that's probably still a good range for us.
Doug Leggate: Good, thanks very much. When you said you've got several years of drilling, you mean not type of well curve, you have a multiyear inventory that you can continue to focus on?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, at current activity levels and current pricing we have a multiyear inventory to go forward.
Doug Leggate: With a positive return?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sir.
Doug Leggate: Okay, great. I'll leave it at that. Thanks very much for answering the questions.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Guy Baber with Simmons & Company. Please proceed.
Guy Baber: John, you made a comment in the prepared remarks about the impact that lower spending could have on production for the industry overall, especially as we move into 2016. So I was hoping you could elaborate on those comments and maybe what you might expect for the Hess portfolio specifically in 2016, and then in the Bakken especially. I'm assuming spending remains relatively constrained relative to the plans presented at the November Analyst Day, if you could just give maybe some thoughts around kind of the 2016 production trajectory?
John B. Hess: Yes, in terms of the industry, a lot of the announcements of companies' plans including ours have been announced for 2015 where their significant reductions and their unconventional programs and as you all know many unconventional wells on the oil side have about a 70% decline in the first year, and as these programs through the year get feathered in with reduced rigs running, the growth year on year of unconventionals being up 1 million barrels a day or so year versus year in the U.S. because of unconventional, we see that attenuating quite a bit to where it flattens out probably the beginning of next year. So a lot of the unconventional growth both for the industry and ourselves at the rig counts being anticipated should flatten out, and our Company itself also will have that but it's great pointing out we're going to still be able even in these oil prices to drill very attractive returns in the core of the core and we're very fortunate to be in a position to do that for several years. So our whole focus here is to maintain our financial strength and flexibility while still preserving our long-term growth options, but we do believe with the decrease in investment programs for the industry and the consequent levelling out of production growth, oil prices will recover starting next year.
Guy Baber: That's very helpful. And then one follow-up for me in the Bakken also, I was hoping you could talk a little bit about the relationship between well count which was down 12% year-over-year and the rig count which was obviously down much more substantially, but could you just talk a little bit about the backlog of drilled but uncompleted wells the over what timeframe you might bring those online through 2015 and what impact that could have to production? And then also, if you could just comment on the implicit efficiency gains for rigs that you're assuming kind of in 2015, because it seems as if you guys were already expecting some efficiency gains that you talked about at the November Analyst Day, but your numbers seem to imply even greater efficiency gains, and just trying to get a sense of how conservative you might feel those are and what type of opportunities did you see with some of the tailwinds from a lower commodity price environment?
Gregory P. Hill: Let me hit the rig question first. I think really the question you're asking is that rig count is going down about 45%, yet the capital is only going down by about 18%, so why is that. And that's all because of the continuing efficiency gains from our lean manufacturing. So we expect to drill approximately 20% more wells per rig in 2015. So that's 18 plus wells per rig in 2015 versus 15 per rig in 2014. So what that means is we expect to bring online 210 new wells in 2015 versus 238 in 2014. So you're exactly right, there is quite a bit of efficiency gains expected in our plans. And I think that broadly answers the question that you were trying to ask.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. Brian Singer with Goldman Sachs, your line is open.
Brian Singer: Sorry for the delay there. Two questions. First, can you talk to the service and development cost reduction that you are seeing versus expecting and how offshore compares to onshore?
Gregory P. Hill: First of all, again as I said in my remarks on the last question, here it's early days, right. I mean the discussions are ongoing as we speak with suppliers. So it's premature to speculate how low will it go, how quickly will you see those cost reductions throughout the value chains. In respect to offshore, recall we contracted two rigs even before the price environment to next generation deepwater drilling rigs. We contracted those for 400,000 a day. That was a major reduction over what those rigs would have contracted for say even 18 months ago, alright. Now, if you think about the offshore though, this is probably the best time to be in the development phase of an offshore project because we know and we are seeing already some significant cost reductions in all those offshore services. So as you develop and then those developments come online, in Stampede's case in 2018, it's probably the best time in the cycle to be in development mode for those projects.
Brian Singer: Great, thanks. And my follow-up is, going back to your November Analyst Meeting, you indicated that Hess was interested in acquisitions, but I may be paraphrasing here, but the valuations at the time were not attractive despite the drop from June highs. That valuations in oil prices have obviously changed since then, and wondered if you could give us your latest thoughts on M&A and what may or may not make sense for Hess?
John B. Hess: Appreciate that. Obviously as opportunities arise, we'll be in a position to evaluate them with the strong financial position we have. It would have to still make sense both strategically and financially. So we're definitely on the lookout and we'll be in a position to move forward if something made sense, but at the same time our priority still will be to maintain our financial strength and flexibility and preserve our long-term growth options.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Ryan Todd: Maybe a follow-up on one of the earlier questions on CapEx, I realize that the near-term volatility in commodity makes it very hard, as you talked about, in 2015, but maybe if we think about the medium term view, say the next two to three years, I mean how should we think about your willingness to outspend in terms of [indiscernible] suggest on a multiyear basis there was an effort to be cash positive, is that still the view and how does that inform kind of the two or three year view from here?
John P. Rielly: So it is clearly our focus that over the long-term that we want to generate free cash flow. So obviously with the significant decline, it's come on fast, and we are in a good position with our cash levels of $2.4 billion in our balance sheet to spend, to utilize some of that cash and balance sheet strength to get through this cycle. So with the current uncertainties, in the mid-term and long term, we naturally have a range of price scenarios under which we're evaluating our forward activity and production outlook. So again, the pace of spend and the growth will depend on that oil price and that's what's going to impact our longer-term growth rate as well as our free cash flow over the period. But we will continue to focus over the long-term to generate free cash flow.
Ryan Todd: So I guess should we think like on a two years out, three years out, there's still a target to be cash flow positive at that point and depending on commodity you'll adjust accordingly for 2015?
John P. Rielly: Yes.
Ryan Todd: Okay. And then maybe a follow-up, I know we've talked to a decent amount about drilling and completion cost in the Bakken, can you say what was the implied drilling and completion cost per well in the 2015 budget, did you make any assumption, I know you made assumptions for efficiency gain, did you make any assumption for cost deflation, and if not, is that a source of potential downward pressure on the budget from here? \
John P. Rielly: Yes, I think so, all-in  so I'm going to talk DC&F, all in cost assumptions in 2015 was 8.3 and that gives you a D&C cost of around 6.8. So that's the assumption in our current plan.
Ryan Todd: Okay, and that's apples-to-apples versus the 7.1 number that you saw in 4Q?
John P. Rielly: Yes, it is, and that 7.1 is D&C.
Ryan Todd: Okay, great. Thanks. I'll leave it there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Evan Calio: This is maybe a follow-up question on the Bakken and the well inventory drawdown, it looks like you added something 30 wells to the uncompleted Bakken inventory in the quarter, but can you give us the number of what the current total inventory of uncompleted and completed yet not tied in wells are and as the inventory drawdown for 2015 agnostic to the commodity price or should we kind of expect that to grow into recovery, so I understand how that works?
Gregory P. Hill: So we carried about 50 wells into 2015 from 2014 that were uncompleted. Obviously we're going to work that inventory down because we plan to drill about 180 wells yet bring 210 wells online. So you'll see we'll draw that inventory down. I think the carryout at the end of the year is anticipated to be around 20 wells or so, so a net gain of 30.
Evan Calio: And was that something that would have occurred regardless of the commodity price, I'm just trying to understand if that's a more kind of normal number going forward?
Gregory P. Hill: No, because those wells were all drilled in the core, we were already drilling in the core on those wells.
Evan Calio: That makes sense. And then another question on maybe kind of a follow-up on the cost side for Stampede, I mean how much of that cost structure is locked in or is available to potentially rebid given an accelerating downturn likely in the offshore spending market?
John P. Rielly: So first of all about 50% had been contracted through the end of 2014. Now we're looking at opportunities to reduce the costs in those contracts and we also expect lower contracts in the ones yet to be awarded. They are lower costs and those are yet to be awarded. And recall, production doesn't commence until 2018. So we've got three years of spend here that we can really work the cost hard on before it comes online in 2018.
Evan Calio: Great. And then maybe one last one if I could, not to beat a dead horse, but I mean just trying to understand commodity price, not trying to make a forecast, what commodity price you're using to set the budget, and maybe it's something that is more fluid, do we need changes to the marketplace and do you expect to be I guess assessing that on maybe a more frequent time period?
John B. Hess: Obviously we're dealing with the reality of current prices, and while we can't predict them and certainly believe they will recover, we're also going to be in a position to adapt further should they be deeper and longer. So they are very unpredictable right now and we think the prudent thing is to focus on financial strength and preserving our liquidity to ride this storm out and we think we're going to come out of this in a very strong manner and I want to make sure we take the steps to do that. So if we have to moderate CapEx more should the price decline continue for a longer period, we'll be in a position to do that. We think we've got the prudent balance now to stay financially strong yet still preserve our long-term growth options and our capability, as Greg said earlier.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Westlake with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Ed Westlake: Good morning and thank you, lots of helpful color. I just want to run through some math on the rig program in the Bakken. I guess if you get down to eight rigs and you're drilling say over 18 rigs per well, next year you'd probably be closer to 150 wells. Obviously you've spoken about some of the drilled but non-completed this year, 210, and obviously this year the exit rate of production is 102 and next year you're 95 to 105, so I guess does that eight rig program implies some decline in 2016, which makes sense because it's all HBP, but I'm just trying to get the math right?
Gregory P. Hill: First of all, as you know we don't really give specific guidance beyond the first year on 2016. But however broadly speaking, Ed, production in the Bakken would remain flat broadly with an eight rig program. So that will give you theory in some direction, but in any case we're going to remain flexible and we'll be prepared to respond accordingly as prices improve, right.
Ed Westlake: Right. And then just a clarification on the costs in the offshore, you obviously highlighted the rigs, are you seeing decline in all service cost related to rigs as well as to the cost of building fabrication topsides?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we are. Again, this cycle is just starting. So again, how low will it go and how fast will it come, it's just too premature to talk about that, but we're certainly seeing the signs of across the board price reductions coming at us.
Ed Westlake: Okay. And then final area, the $1.2 billion of production CapEx this year, and it's very detailed, helpfully detailed in the press release, $300 million in the North Sea for some wells of South Arne and Valhall, $250 million for Tubular Bells, $200 million-ish for EG and then some for Shenzi, another Gulf of Mexico work and then JDA, so you gave us all the data, how much of those wells are I guess linked to reservoir management and how much in say 2016 as you look further out could you just allow the fields to decline or do less activity? I'm trying to get a sense of how much of that $1.2 billion of production CapEx is kind of discretionary and therefore could be influenced by prices.
John P. Rielly: I mean I think it's always discretionary, but I think that the important thing is we're focused on returns. So I mean these wells even at current prices generate great returns. So that's why we're continuing forward, and as long as that's the case we will continue to execute those programs.
Ed Westlake: I presume in 2016, maybe EG and some of the North Sea spend, is there an inventory of those wells to continue that level of activity?
John P. Rielly: Yes, there is, and in EG in particular we just started some new 4D seismic. So we're going to take a drilling pause in 2015 but we know that that new 4D is going to indicate further inventory on a go forward basis for EG.
Ed Westlake: And North Sea, I mean Valhall, yes, obviously the South Arne?
John P. Rielly: Yes, South Arne and Valhall, both have multiyear inventories of drilling.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays. Please proceed.
Paul Cheng: Maybe this is for either Greg or John Rielly, if we are looking at your surface cost, any rough idea that how much of as a percentage that is under-contracted as longer than two years?
John P. Rielly: Surface cost, is that relative to the Bakken?
Paul Cheng: No, I'm talking about overall for the organization. So in other words, I mean that how much is your cost is subject to all that have the opportunity to get reset within the next two years, what is your cost base?
John P. Rielly: Yes, I mean I can't give you a percentage, Paul, but broadly obviously your offshore fleet tends to be contracted for longer periods of time, right. But what I will say is that doesn't mean that there is no opportunity for cost reduction there. We're going to engage with all of our suppliers, are engaging as we speak expecting cost reductions across the board from everyone. So even though it's contracted, that doesn't necessarily mean that we're locked into those rates.
Paul Cheng: And maybe I missed in your earlier prepared remarks, did you provide the first quarter production estimate for Bakken, Utica and Waha, I know that you gave the 2015, but how about the first quarter 2015?
Gregory P. Hill: Sure. So what we're doing for production in the first quarter will be 330,000 barrels a day to 340,000 barrels a day, that's excluding Libya, for the overall portfolio. Bakken is also still  for the year it was 95 to 105, the first quarter is 95,000 to 105,000 barrels a day.
Paul Cheng: How about Utica and Waha?
John P. Rielly: So for Valhall we gave for the full year, it's 30,000 to 35,000 and it will be the same for the first quarter. Utica will be 15,000 to 20,000 for the full year and it will be a little bit less. So you heard, as Greg said, it's 13,000 barrels in the fourth quarter. So you'll be ramping to that 15,000 to 20,000 throughout the year.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And John, since that you expect to have a tax benefit because you're going to have a few tax laws, should we assume that 100% of that is actually cash or that is more of a book benefit but the cash you still have to pay?
John P. Rielly: No, you should model that essentially as a deferred tax benefit, Paul. I mean we'll have some small cash taxes in several jurisdictions offset by refunds particularly in the UKs where we have our dismantlement, but overall just model that as a deferred tax benefit.
Paul Cheng: Greg, do you have a number that you can share what is the Bakken current cash operating cost and unit DD&A?
John P. Rielly: Paul, as usual, we typically do not provide individual unit cost information. So just overall, Bakken is on the cash cost side, is slightly below our portfolio average, it has been getting better as the production continues to increase there and Greg drives efficiencies in the operations. The DD&A still is higher than the portfolio average, but again, as we book additional reserves with performance as we move through in the Bakken, that DD&A rate has also been coming down and will continue.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy Advisors. Please proceed.
David Heikkinen: As you think about the price scenarios that you're currently running, when would you update your 2013 to 2018 outlook again?
John B. Hess: I'd say as we have a little more visibility on where oil prices stabilize. They are in free fall now, we don't think they are sustainable here, but once the investment programs of not only companies but countries take effect, we think that's going to affect both unconventional and conventional production, that should start to strengthen the market and wherever those prices stably lies remains to be seen, but making a forecast on that now would be foolhardy and predicting when that time we could give new updates also would be foolhardy. We do think during the year as production growth starts to attenuate, prices will start to recover and once we have a little more visibility and confidence in the stability, that's when we would make those updates.
David Heikkinen: Okay. And then just on our own sensitivity and scenarios, we have here over $1 billion of outspend that sustains, is that a reasonable number given your internal scenarios?
John P. Rielly: Again, David, we're just not going to speculate on where oil prices are because as we've been saying, we are going to watch it and be flexible and see where commodity prices are moving and that will affect the pace of investment going forward. So at this point we're just not going to speculate on that number.
David Heikkinen: Okay, worth a shot. And then I guess as you go through the year on drilling and completion cost, we've thought about cost being lower in the back half. Will you just update those quarterly as you actually have the effect of the cost savings that you're negotiating now or when do you think you'll be able to give us some more clarity on how those negotiations are going?
Gregory P. Hill: I think we can update as we go throughout the year. I do want to clarify one thing. Those well costs that I gave in the Bakken, so the D&C of around 6.8, that excludes any significant supply chain reduction. So that was just current cost assuming some efficiencies from lean manufacturing. So there's the opportunity for those costs to go even lower than that in the Bakken in particular.
David Heikkinen: Very good. And then, so the outspend then is really covered by the MLP and you're in a pretty strong position still to move that forward given the sustained production in the Williston, so no changes to that outlook as far as the MLP?
John P. Rielly: No, we are progressing our S-1 filings with the SEC and our preparations remain on track for the transaction in 2015, obviously subject to market conditions, but everything is on track for it.
David Heikkinen: Very good. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phillips Johnston with Capital One. Please proceed.
Phillips Johnston: Sort of similar to Ed's question but more on a Company-wide basis, if you look at your overall production guidance for this year ex Libya, it implies that volume should be relatively flat versus the fourth quarter average. Two questions there. First, should we assume the $3.9 billion of CapEx that you plan to spend this year excluding exploration and infrastructure is roughly the level of spending that's required to keep production flat over the next couple of years or is it not that simple?
John P. Rielly: No, it's not that simple, and as you said, as you can see, the overall production is about flat with the fourth quarter, what we do have is, as I mentioned earlier with our production in the first quarter, we have some downtime here coming in the first quarter, right, so that's going to affect the overall average. And then the production numbers, just if you're doing the math, is going to be higher than the fourth quarter numbers as you move through the year. But yes, that kind of math is just difficult to do.
Phillips Johnston: Okay, sure. And then just I guess on that note, looking out into Q4, would you expect Q4 to be similar to Q4 last year or higher or slightly lower?
John P. Rielly: I just hesitate, I mean I'd rather stay with our full-year guidance, because again we just don't want to speculate on what's happening with oil prices on that. If it goes up, it could be a different story and if it goes down there can obviously be a different story as well. So I think we just want to stay with that overall guidance.
Phillips Johnston: Okay. And just to follow-up on the economics in the Bakken, assuming the high-graded wells this year have EURs of 800,000 to 950,000 as you mentioned, what sort of NYMEX breakeven price would you expect those wells to have?
Gregory P. Hill: I think what I can guide you on is that current prices, they exceed our hurdle rate.
Phillips Johnston: Okay, fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeffrey Campbell with Tuohy Brothers Investment Research. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Campbell: In 2014, you were expanding nine and eight well pilots to determine if Middle Bakken and Three Forks zones could support 500 foot lateral spacing. Does this expanded testing continue in 2015 or does it dial back until oil prices rise?
Gregory P. Hill: No, it doesn't dial back, and in fact the results we've seen from the two existing 17 well per DSU pilots are performing in line with expectations. So therefore we're going to expand the number of pilots. We're going to add three more pilots in 2015 aiming for having enough data to make a decision on that development plan by year-end 2015.
Jeffrey Campbell: Okay, great. Thank you. You've identified drilling the perfect well offshore Ghana and the players to grow the vehicle after 2020, is this timeline agnostic to oil prices or could FID accelerate if oil prices improve?
John P. Rielly: I think first of all we're obligated to submit a development plan to the Ghanaian government in 2016. So, so far that timeline hasn't changed. Obviously this project like every project is going to be a function of oil price. So I think that deadline could be flexible if oil prices stay low.
Jeffrey Campbell: And as the last question, could you just add a little bit of color on the 2015 exploration effort offshore Guyana, when might you expect the result from the first exploration well and when will the acquisition of additional 3D be completed?
Gregory P. Hill: A lot of the 3D has been shot and it's currently being processed as we speak. As I mentioned in my opening remarks, the operator, ExxonMobil affiliate, plans to spud that well in early 2017. Obviously we would have the results during 2017 of that well, and it's cretaceous fan play. Sorry 2015, sorry, not 2017. I was thinking Nova Scotia, I apologize. Guyana is 2015.
Jeffrey Campbell: Right. Okay, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read with Wells Fargo. Please proceed.
Roger Read: I guess lots of dust has been hit pretty well here, but as we look at the adjustments you're making in your Bakken drilling plan, the number of rigs, and then flexibility to either cut that more if prices go down or ramp it up if prices do recover, can you kind of walk us through what is obviously a greater availability of service capacity but kind of what your flexibility is to go from say eight to six or eight to 10 rigs as we hit the latter part of the year?
John P. Rielly: I think we're trying to maintain flexibility for the reasons you just described given the volatility of oil prices and certainly where it's going. So we can dial up and we can dial back and we're spending a small amount of capital to give us the flexibility to dial up if commodity prices improve, so that means getting permits and pads ready and things like that, but it's a small amount of the budget next year, but that's why we're doing it because we want that ability to dial up as well as dial down, much easier to dial down than it is to dial up, right.
Roger Read: Sure. And then when do you think the M&A market would start to look more active? I mean I know we've had the downturn but everybody is sort of adjusting their plans at this point. Kind of looking back at prior downturns and not asking you to pick a particular property or even region, what's kind of the normal process we should watch here, is the key to acceleration in M&A, is it a latter part of this year, only if oil prices stay down, just kind of how you think about that?
Gregory P. Hill: I wouldn't even want to fathom I guess on your question, but certainly the environment we're in, one would assume that there will be more consolidation and it's yet to unfold.
Roger Read: Alright, good enough for now. Thank you.
Operator: And your last question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James. Please proceed.
Pavel Molchanov: Apologize for my voice. You said, going back to a year ago, that spending would be down in 2015 and of course that was at a time when oil was in the triple digits, so off the 16% reduction in your 2015 budget, how much is specifically driven by commodity prices as opposed to what had already been telegraphed a year ago?
John P. Rielly: It's the significant majority of it. So first remember we were planning on $5.8 billion in this year. We already started making reductions, brought that down to $5.6 billion. So we were going to take a reduction of the $5.8 billion, but the big move down to $4.7 billion is in reaction to the oil price.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. And then are there any FIDs that you have been planning for 2015 that are likely to be delayed or postponed because of the commodity environment?
John P. Rielly: No, there's not. We just didn't have any is the point in 2015.
Pavel Molchanov: No FIDs at all on deck for this year?
John P. Rielly: No.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay, clear enough. Appreciate it, guys.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory P. Hill - President and Chief Operating Officer of Exploration & Production John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc. Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2014 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Gary, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Gary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production and COO; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will provide some key highlights on the quarter and the progress we are making in executing our strategy. Greg Hill will then review our operations and John Rielly will go over our financial results. I thought it would be appropriate, before discussing our third quarter results, to make a few comments about recent volatility in oil prices. As most of you know, we have used $100 Brent as the basis for our plans even as Brent has averaged nearly $110 for the last 3 years. However, with Brent now at approximately $87 per barrel, we are reviewing our plans and actions that we might take in a lower-price environment. As always, we are taking a disciplined approach to: first, allocate capital to the projects with the highest risk-adjusted returns; second, maintain a strong balance sheet and a high degree of financial flexibility; and third, manage capital and exploratory spending within limits of our cash flow over the long term after continuing to return capital to our shareholders. And we look forward to sharing our plans in more detail with you at our upcoming Investor Day on November 10. Also we will release our 2015 capital and exploratory budget, as usual, in January 2015. Now turning to our financial results for the third quarter of 2014. Net income was $1,008,000,000 or $377 million on an adjusted basis. Adjusted net income per share was $1.24 compared to $1.18 in the year-ago quarter. Cash flow from operations was $1.3 billion. Compared with the third quarter of 2013, our results were positively impacted by higher crude oil and NGL sales volumes and lower exploration expense, which were offset by lower realized crude selling prices and higher depreciation expenses. Net production in the third quarter averaged 318,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day or 314,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. This represents an increase of 17% from pro forma production of 269,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day from the year-ago quarter, excluding Libya. Now we will review highlights from the quarter. Starting onshore. Net production in the Bakken averaged 86,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter, up 21% from the third quarter of 2013. In the fourth quarter, we forecast net Bakken production will average between 92,000 and 97,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We continue to focus on drilling some of the lowest-cost, highest-return wells in the Bakken. In the third quarter, drilling and completion costs averaged $7.2 million, down 8% from the year-ago quarter, and our wells continue to be among the most productive in the play. The Utica is positioned to be a material contributor to our production growth over the next 5 years. We and our partner, CONSOL, have a core acreage position in the wet gas window. During the quarter, production averaged 11,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving offshore. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Tubular Bells Field, in which Hess has a 57% interest and is operator, is completing its final checks and is expected to achieve first production within the next week. Following a ramp-up period, Tubular Bells is expected to deliver net production of approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by year-end. Yesterday, we announced that we will proceed with the development of Stampede, a deepwater oil and gas project operated by Hess in the Green Canyon area of the Gulf of Mexico. Hess has a 25% working interest and is the operator. Chevron, Statoil and Exxon each have a 25% working interest. Total recoverable resources for Stampede are estimated in the range of 300 million to 350 million barrels of oil equivalent. First production is expected in 2018. In terms of overall company production, we are on track to average toward the upper end of our 2014 pro forma production forecast of 305,000 to 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. In terms of divestitures, the sale of our retail business closed during the third quarter for cash proceeds of $2.8 billion. The sale of our HETCO energy trading business was announced on Monday and is expected to close in the first quarter of 2015. Also we continue to negotiate with a potential buyer for the sale of the HOVENSA joint venture refinery in St. Croix, which we hope to complete in the near future. We continue to make progress in our plans to monetize our Bakken midstream infrastructure in 2015 through an MLP structure, which will allow Hess to retain operational control while realizing additional value from our infrastructure investment. During the third quarter, the corporation's wholly owned subsidiary, Hess Midstream Partners LP, filed an initial Form S-1 with the SEC in preparation for its proposed initial public offering in 2015. Based on the sale of our retail business, we increased our share repurchase authorization to $6.5 billion from $4 billion. Year-to-date, through October 28, we have repurchased 34.7 million shares for $3.1 billion. Since the commencement of the program in August of 2013, we have repurchased 54 million shares for $4.6 billion. We will continue to implement this program in a disciplined manner and provide quarterly updates on future conference calls. In summary, we are delivering strong performance and executing our plan. With our focused, balanced portfolio and strong balance sheet, we are well positioned in the current price environment to drive cash-generative growth and sustainable returns for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide a brief review of the progress we're making in executing our E&P strategy. In the third quarter, we again demonstrated continuing delivery against plan. Starting with unconventionals. In the third quarter, net production from the Bakken averaged 86,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter of 2014. We operated 17 rigs and brought 59 Bakken wells online in the third quarter. This was up from 53 wells in the preceding quarter. In the fourth quarter, we plan to have 6 frac crews working and expect to bring more than 80 new wells online. Thus far in October, we have brought 30 new wells online, and net production has averaged 91,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For the fourth quarter, we forecast net production in the Bakken to average between 92,000 and 97,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We anticipate that full year 2014 Bakken production guidance will be toward the lower end of our range of 80,000 to 90,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This reflects delays in bringing the Tioga gas plant online at the beginning of the year as well as permitting delays for the Hawkeye South of the River Pipeline, which has prevented additional gas volumes from being processed at the Tioga plant. Inlet volumes to the Tioga plant continue to increase, and the plant is currently processing approximately 160 million cubic feet per day and 31,000 gross barrels of oil equivalent per day of natural gas liquids. We expect to fill the plant to capacity in 2015 and are evaluating low-cost options to expand the current capacity from 250 million to 300 million cubic feet per day. Our 13 and 17 well per DSU downspacing pilots are progressing well and performing in line with expectations. We will provide an update of the results from these pilots at our Investor Day in November. Drilling and completion costs continue to be reduced in the Bakken with the third quarter averaging $7.2 million per well versus $7.8 million per well in the year-ago quarter and $7.4 million per well in the second quarter of this year. We continue to make steady progress in reducing costs as a result of our unique lean manufacturing approach, and we see room to continue to drive these costs lower. Based on our top quartile drilling and completion cost and the productivity of our wells, we believe we are delivering some of the highest-return wells in the play. In the Utica, the appraisal and early development of our 44,000 core net acres in the Hess-CONSOL joint venture continues to be encouraging. In the third quarter, the joint venture drilled 10 wells, completed 11 wells and brought 18 wells on production. In the third quarter, the joint venture also tested 14 new wells, 7 of which were Hess-operated. Test results from the Hess-operated wells located in Harrison and Belmont Counties averaged approximately 2,700 barrels of oil equivalent per day and 47% liquids based on 24-hour tests. In the third quarter, net production averaged 11,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 3,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the prior quarter. We intend to provide an update of our forward plans for the Utica at our Investor Day. Turning to offshore. Progress continues in Tubular Bells, Stampede, North Malay Basin and Valhall. At Tubular Bells in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, in which Hess holds a 57% working interest and is operator, we are in the final stages of commissioning and anticipate achieving first oil within the next week. From there, we will ramp up net production from 3 wells to approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by year-end. Also in the Gulf of Mexico, the Stampede development project, in which Hess holds a 25% working interest and is operator, was recently sanctioned by all 4 partners. Building on the successful execution of our Tubular Bells project, Stampede will develop one of the largest remaining discovered Miocene fields in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and is expected to deliver first oil in 2018. A 2-rig drilling program is planned with the first rig commencing operations in the fourth quarter of 2015. Gross topsides processing capacity for the project is approximately 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and 100,000 barrels of water injection capacity per day. Gross recoverable resource is estimated to be in the range of 300 million to 350 million barrels of oil equivalent. At North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, in which Hess holds a 50% working interest and is operator, third quarter net production averaged 40 million cubic feet per day through the Early Production System. Engineering work continues on the full-field development project, which will increase net production to 160 million cubic feet per day in 2017. In Norway, at the BP-operated Valhall Field, in which Hess has a 64% interest, third quarter production averaged 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 31,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. This was primarily due to a seasonal planned maintenance shutdown. Full year production for Valhall is still expected to average in the range of 30,000 to 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day net, supported by 3 new wells, which are planned to be brought on in the fourth quarter. Company-wide pro forma production in the fourth quarter is forecast to be between 330,000 and 340,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Full year production is forecast to be toward the upper end of our 2014 pro forma production of 305,000 to 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Moving to exploration. In Kurdistan, where Hess has a 64% interest, we resumed drilling in the Shireen-1 well on the Dinarta block earlier this month following a 2-month suspension due to the security situation. We expect to reach total depth in the first quarter of 2015. In Ghana, Hess and its partner successfully completed our appraisal drilling program in the third quarter. Results are encouraging, and once the data from the appraisal drilling and new 3D seismic have been incorporated into our models, we will provide an update as appropriate. In closing, this quarter is yet another demonstration of strong execution against our plan and delivery of key milestones. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the third quarter of 2014 to the second quarter of 2014. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $1,008,000,000 in the third quarter of 2014 compared with $931 million in the second quarter of 2014. Adjusted net income was $377 million in the third quarter of 2014 and $432 million in the previous quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production. E&P had income of $441 million in the third quarter and $1,057,000,000 in the second quarter of 2014. E&P adjusted net income was $412 million in the third quarter of 2014 and $483 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted net income were as follows. Changes in realized selling prices decreased net income by $81 million. Lower sales decreased net income by $23 million. Lower exploration expenses increased net income by $59 million. Lower cash costs increased net income by $20 million. Higher DD&A expense decreased net income by $38 million. All other items net to a decrease in net income of $8 million for an overall decrease in third quarter adjusted net income of $71 million. Our E&P crude oil sales volumes were overlifted compared with production by approximately 300,000 barrels. However, the impact to net income was immaterial in the quarter. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability of earnings, was 41% for the third quarter and 34% in the second quarter of 2014, primarily reflecting the impact of a Libyan crude oil lifting in the third quarter. Turning to corporate and interest. Corporate and interest expenses, net of income taxes, were $80 million in the third quarter of 2014 compared with $91 million in the second quarter of 2014. Adjusted corporate and interest expenses were $78 million in the third quarter and $82 million in the second quarter. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter, including a decrease of $170 million from changes in working capital, was $1,338,000,000. Net proceeds from asset sales were $2,956,000,000. Capital expenditures were $1,362,000,000. Common stock acquired and retired amounted to $903 million. Repayments of debt amounted to $53 million. Common stock dividends paid were $76 million. All other items amounted to an increase in cash of $15 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $1,915,000,000. Turning to our stock repurchase program. During the third quarter, we purchased approximately 9.2 million shares of common stock at a cost of $903 million, bringing cumulative purchases for the program through September 30, 2014, to 49.4 million shares at a cost of $4.2 billion or $85.14 per share. We have continued to buy back our common stock. And through October 28, total program-to-date purchases were 54 million shares at a cost of $4.6 billion or $85.03 per share. Turning to our financial position. We had $4,120,000,000 of cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2014, compared with $1,814,000,000 at the end of last year, primarily reflecting the collection of proceeds from the sale of the retail business. Total debt was $5,996,000,000 at September 30, 2014, compared with $5,798,000,000 at December 31, 2013. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at September 30, 2014, was 19.7% and 19% at the end of 2013. Turning to guidance. I would like to provide fourth quarter 2014 guidance for certain metrics. E&P cash operating cost per barrel of oil equivalent are estimated to be in the range of $20.50 to $21.50, and E&P DD&A per barrel is expected to be in the range of $29 to $30. In the fourth quarter, we expect to incur exploration expenses, other than dry hole costs, in the range of $180 million to $200 million. The fourth quarter effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 41% to 43%, excluding Libya. Fourth quarter corporate expenses are expected to be between $35 million and $40 million after income taxes, and after-tax interest expenses are expected to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million. Given the current volatility in crude oil prices, we are providing additional guidance with respect to price sensitivities on fourth quarter results. Based on the fourth quarter guidance provided, we estimate that every $1 change in crude oil benchmark prices will result in a change in fourth quarter net income of approximately $8 million. This estimate includes the impact of the corporation's crude oil hedge contracts outstanding at September 30, 2014. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have our first question from the line of Ed Westlake of Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. I'm sure there's going to be lots of questions on the Bakken and also on the Stampede project. On the Bakken, you've got a $7.2 million well cost. Others are actually increasing their costs to drive the initial cums. and overall recovery is higher. Is your strategy still going to be to try and focus on these, I guess, relatively simpler completions, and they're giving you acceptable returns? Or are you going to go down the route of boosting the, I guess, the frac intensity, et cetera?
Gregory P. Hill: Ed, this is Greg. Currently, our standard design is 35 stages, and there's a lot of significant amount of data that supports the sliding sleeve technology as being as effective as plug and perf in terms of IP and EUR as well as being a significant lower cost completion. Now, as always, we continue to experiment and pay very close attention to what competitors are doing, and we've trialed some of these more expensive completion designs, but thus far, none have proven to be economically superior to our methodology. Again we're focused on drilling the highest-return Bakken wells.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then on Stampede, $6 billion for 320 million F&D cost. I mean, that works probably at a decent level of oil price, and obviously we know it's very deep. But I guess do you think those costs have room to fall, given what's going on in the offshore industry at this point? Or do you think that's a pretty good metric?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, certainly Stampede, first of all, is one of the largest undeveloped fields in the GOM, and the project returns are expected to exceed our investment threshold even in this lower-priced environment, and I think it's noteworthy that all 4 partners have sanctioned the project with a final sanction coming in this week. I do think costs do have room. I mean, certainly the diamond rig contract that is tied to this project for 2 years, 7 straight years in total, I think set a new market benchmark for deepwater rig rates.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I guess my question is, is that included in the $6 billion number? Or is that potentially an optimization around it?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, it is. It is included in the $6 billion number.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I wonder if I could take 2, please. My first one is actually in Norway. So obviously maintenance in the third quarter, but I wonder if you could just give us an update as to how you see the Norwegian production outlook for the potential for BP to really start to ramp this thing over the next couple of years relative to your current guidance. And I guess what's behind my question is: this is obviously a non-declining asset. You're not paying cash taxes on it, but the production contribution always seems to be kind of challenged. So what are your strategic thoughts around what you can do in Norway and whether you're optimistic that it gets better. I've got a follow-up, please.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug. As we've said before and as you mentioned, Norway is a huge cash machine for us. Obviously, with brand-new facilities and 40-year life, we have every interest as does BP to maximize the production off of that facility. And our net production goal is still in the range of 40,000 to 50,000 barrels a day in 2017. So how is it going? Well, we've established regular multilevel executive engagements with BP management. In fact, John and I are flying to London tomorrow for our third meeting, and there's a lot of work left to be done, but we are encouraged by the progress. So the reliability of the plant's better. Recent well results leveraging our South Arne drilling and completion experience are encouraging in terms of both cost and schedule. So cautiously optimistic on Valhall.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. Do you think you can ever get the platform capacity on it?
Gregory P. Hill: That's what we're going to try and drive to do. How long that takes, again, is just going to be a function of price, CapEx and delivery from BP.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay, my follow-up is on the Bakken, as you would expect, I suppose, but unfortunately, I haven't been able to access the supplement this morning, so I haven't been able to see what latest 30-day rates were like. But I'm guessing that the downspacing wells that you -- I think was about half your program more or less this year, I'm guessing they've been performing pretty much in line with what you'd expected at the beginning of the year. So not to preempt November 10, but I'm just kind of curious as to how you're thinking about the activity level there, given the potential to expand the inventory but traded off against what is obviously looking like a lower oil price. And I guess what's behind my thinking is you're coming into this lower oil price at a very robust balance sheet. So would that be -- would you still look to accelerate activity? Or would you look to moderate to look for the cashable amount? I'll leave it there.
Gregory P. Hill: Okay. Well, just to kind of give everyone an update on the downspacing pilots. Just recall in 2014, we have 2 well-designed pilots going on. We have 17 well pads with 13 wells per DSU, and we have 2 well pads with 17 wells per DSU. So those, respectively, represent a 700-foot between well spacing and a 500-foot well spacing. And results so far are in line with expectations. And Doug, we plan to provide a complete update on the downspacing pilots and what it means for our long-term Bakken guidance on Investor Day in November. So stay tuned.
Operator: And we have our next question from the line of Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. Maybe somewhat of a follow-up to Doug's comment if I missed it. Did I understand your opening comments, John, that your targeted CapEx to be within cash flow for '15? Or does it -- or is it kind of longer term mean there's some view of normal cash flow and you'd be willing to outspend if we find ourselves in a lower oil price scenario given your cash and balance sheet positions?
John B. Hess: Very good question. Look, with our focused, balanced portfolio underpinned in the unconventionals with very strong positions in the Bakken and Utica as well as our offshore and international assets generating free cash flow with some growth and our strong balance sheet, we're really well positioned in the current environment to drive cash-generative growth as well as sustainable returns for our shareholders. So given current prices, we're going to be guided to invest with a disciplined approach to allocate capital to projects with the highest risk-adjusted returns. And remember that our hurdle rate is to meet at least a 15% return, and that accounts for current prices. We're going to be guided to maintain a strong balance sheet and keep our financial flexibility. So accordingly, we'll manage our capital expenditures in line with this, but it is over the long term. So depending upon market movements, we may use our balance sheet some. But I think the important thing is we are going to definitely be guided to live within our cash flow over the longer term while continuing to return capital to shareholders. So the exact details on this, we'll provide you a pretty comprehensive update on November 10.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great, I look forward to that. But maybe a follow-up on that return comment. Hess is moving against a trend offshore with Stampede FID. Well, I know it's been a long time coming. I mean, can you discuss how you compare and analyze returns or payback when making an allocation for new offshore projects versus your unconventional resource opportunity?
John B. Hess: Yes, again at current prices, and Greg mentioned this before. It has to meet our hurdle rate of 15% accounting for risk and whether that's an unconventional project or an offshore project, and Stampede met the threshold and in fact, beat it.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. Maybe one last, if I could, and maybe you can't comment due to the filing. But is there -- when you FID a project like Stampede, I mean, is there any MLP-able [ph] component there whether it's topside capacity or otherwise? Or is that all leased? I'll leave it there.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, since we're in the quiet period right now, Evan, we can't make any comments on what potentially could be included in the MLP.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Is it a lease design? Is that what's envisioned?
John P. Rielly: On Stampede, no, it's not a lease design. This is being built as -- Hess is the operator. We are building that facility along with our partners.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd of Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. A question on the Utica, and the Utica has an exceptionally strong quarter. Was that a result of better-than-expected well results, higher completion count? And how should we think about activity levels and production growth there in the fourth quarter and going forward?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. It was really a combination of both. A little bit of higher activity in terms of getting wells online. We had a real strong quarter there. I think the second thing is, is we are leading the industry in terms of lateral length, so we're drilling 8,800-foot laterals now, which is the longest ones to date at least in the Utica. So that contributed to the strong well results. Regarding future plans for the Utica, we're going to provide again a full update on the results and our forward plans for the Utica at Investor Day in November.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And if I could ask one follow-up as well. In the Bakken, based on -- I guess can you talk a little bit about -- you talked about the activity levels in October. I mean, I think from a completion point of view, to hit your full year targets, you probably need to bring on close to 80 to 90 wells in the fourth quarter. How many rigs are you running right now? And -- I guess, yes, how many rigs are you running in the fourth quarter? And should we be good to be on pace for that 80 to 90 completion target?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we're on track for that. We're running 17 rigs currently. And as we said in our opening remarks, we're going to have 6 frac crews working, and we expect to bring more than 80 wells online in the fourth quarter. And I think it's important that in -- just to give you some color on that, in October, we've already brought 30 new wells online. So we're on pace to do so.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Guy Baber of Simmons.
Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Strategic question for me to start off, but obviously in the Bakken you have a huge core position, very advantaged infrastructure position, operations improving there and you have a conservative balance sheet with a lot of cash. So one could view you longer term, I think, as a natural consolidator in that play. So the question is do opportunistic acquisitions have a part in your strategy fundamentally in the Bakken, particularly if this lower oil price environment were to persist and valuations came in a bit? And along those lines, do you feel the company's positioned in a way to take advantage of those opportunities? And does that think -- or is that impact the way you think about the buyback at all over the next quarters?
John B. Hess: Yes. There were a number of questions there. First of all, we're always going to be disciplined in our investment to invest for returns. So we're always going to look to optimize our portfolio, but it's got to be focused on investing for returns and keeping a strong balance sheet. Now the strong balance sheet obviously gives us flexibility. So if there were opportunities out there to optimize our portfolio to strengthen our hand and it met our return threshold, we will have a open mind on that for sure. But having said that, the key is when it comes to investment, we're going to be disciplined focusing on returns, and I've talked about that earlier. In terms of the buyback, it's an ongoing program, and we're going to be disciplined in our approach there.
Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay, great. Very helpful, and then a detailed follow-up on the Bakken. Your oil production was actually down slightly quarter-on-quarter despite the overall increase from 80,000 to 86,000 barrels a day. You had a big increase in NGLs. So understanding that the mix can be volatile from one quarter to the next, I was just hoping you could maybe provide some commentary on the drivers there. And as we think about production going forward, should we still be thinking around about an 80% oil cut or so? So if you could just comment on that, that would be helpful.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So thank you for that, Guy. If you look on a barrel equivalent basis, obviously, our production was actually higher than Q2 and continues to trend upward. What happened in the third quarter was there were some heavy rains in the quarter, and that resulted in some county-imposed road closures, which then led to a higher level of well downtime due to some transportation constraints. So -- and as you mentioned given the typical oil-gas mix of a Bakken well, this downtime preferentially hurts oil production much more than it does gas production. So that's why you've got this swing.
Operator: And next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Several -- hopefully 3 short questions. Greg, in Valhall, can you remind us, or maybe this is for Rielly, that when the cash tax is going to resume, is it 2017 or 2018?
John P. Rielly: Yes, so the guidance that we've given is that we're not paying cash taxes in Norway through 2017.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So 2018 will resume. And then earlier when we're talking about a 15% project hurdle rate, just want to clarify that. Is it based on $100 Brent or based on $85 Brent?
John B. Hess: Well, our old standard was $100 Brent, but as we allocate capital now, we're going to be disciplined in how we invest. So it would have to meet it at the $85 hurdle.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So that actually is a change in some way, that it's become tougher or that you raised the bar from previously $100 now to $85 Brent.
John B. Hess: Yes, you have to deal with the current reality of where the oil markets are.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's good. And John -- this is for Rielly, that fourth -- at the end of the third quarter, from an inventory standpoint, I presume that you are overlift -- any idea of how much you are overlift?
John P. Rielly: So for the fourth quarter, just for guidance going forward on the fourth quarter, we don't see an -- basically an under or overlift, a pretty balanced sales volume versus production. Excluding, Paul, it's excluding Libya. So with Libya in there, we could end up, if they have lifts continuing in the fourth quarter, could end up in an overlift position with Libya. But excluding that, from the equation, there's no projected under or overlift in the fourth quarter.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great. And that the -- in Utica, Greg, are you running a 3-rig program right now?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we are, Paul.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then how many well is actually in production to contribute the 11,000 barrel per day?
Gregory P. Hill: Let's see. The online production well count for the Utica in the third quarter was 4 wells, and we've got -- sorry, I'm looking at my notes here. Sorry about that. So we've got -- in the third quarter, we have 10 -- we have 28 wells that have been drilled year-to-date in the Utica. Sorry, it took me a minute to find that number.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: 28 wells drilled, but how many of them is actually in production?
Gregory P. Hill: Look, I'm just looking at my notes, Paul. I'm sorry. It's going to take me just a second. So online in this year, all of the JV wells and our wells, we've got 31 wells online.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then do you have a rough split between oil condensate NGL and natural gas in Utica?
Gregory P. Hill: So Paul, just -- let me just give you the numbers that we have in the quarter. So of the 11,000 barrels a day, there are -- it's just under 2,000 barrels a day is condensate. Just above 2,000 barrels a day are NGLs, and the rest of it, so on a 7,000 barrels a day oil equivalent is gas.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Great. And John, can you comment about the press release, talk about HOVENSA sales and that the $1.6 billion number signed [ph] by the government. Does that mean that when you finally decided, should we assume that you will receive any upfront payment from that sales?
John B. Hess: We're in the negotiation phase now with a third party, and I wouldn't want to get ahead of ourselves, Paul. When we have something definitive to say, we'll say it.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, a final one. For 2014 exploration expense based on your fourth quarter estimate, it's about call it $460 million. Going forward, is that a reasonable proxy? Or that 2014 is just not drilling a lot of wells so that going forward, the exploration expense may be higher than this level?
John P. Rielly: Yes, so -- I mean, we've been guiding basically that we've been, like, especially in the near term that our exploration program overall from a spend standpoint would be between $500 million and $600 million. And in fact, our guidance this year was $550 million, and so we're not giving guidance yet. We'll talk a little bit more about exploration on Investor Day and go forward, but that's where we've been. So we're right in line with the guidance that we have set out.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Paul Sankey of Wolfe Research.
Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: Given your position in the Bakken, both in terms of acreage and infrastructure, first, could you clarify, John, I think you were saying that you have to take into account oil prices in terms of your activity. Equally, I think I heard you in your opening remarks say that you wanted to live within cash flow long term, which implied that you would maintain a relatively high level of activity over the next year. That was part one, and part two, could you make any observations about how you see the wider behavior of players in the Bakken, given the current price environment? Do we anticipate less activity at these prices? Do we think prices have to go lower before we see an impact?
John B. Hess: I think one of the things -- I can't talk about others. Let them speak for themselves, but in our case, we have a very strong balance sheet. We're drilling some of the lowest-cost, high-productive wells so our breakeven is lower. We have some of the best acreage. We're certainly going to be focused on investing for returns as opposed to growth for growth's sake. So we're going to be capital disciplined in this price environment, but with the acreage that we have, many of our wells still generate very good returns even in the current price environment. So the exact details on what our program is going to be going forward and our planning premises, we'll give you further details on November 10.
Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: Sure. I think the perspective of others was to do with your infrastructure position. I mean, are you seeing lower volumes? And can I just throw in also if you saw any impact from the flaring rules in North Dakota?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Paul. So given our infrastructure position in the Bakken, we don't anticipate any impacts due to the NDIC flaring rules. So we're well positioned to continuously reduce our flaring on a go-forward basis.
Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: And then volumes from the basin given the lower oil price environment in terms of your infrastructure.
John B. Hess: No, we're not seeing major volume impacts as of right now.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just getting back to the kind of initial comments about where crude oil prices are, and I recognize some of this will be handled in 2 weeks. But looking at the North Sea, which has historically been considered a relatively high-cost area, and I recognize Valhall's pretty far along. But could you give us an idea of kind of where it falls in given, say, a sub-$90 Brent environment as opposed to a plus or minus $100 Brent environment?
John P. Rielly: Sure. I mean, again where we are with the -- with both our North Sea investments, so Valhall and South Arne, the infrastructure basically is there. It's completed so all our big spend is behind it. So as you said, you've got just your general operating costs, but at $80, as you mentioned, with where our operating costs are and in Valhall where we're not paying cash taxes, it will still generate. Our North Sea assets, our offshore assets in general, too, are going to generate significant cash flow for us.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. So quite a lot of headroom on both of those then.
John P. Rielly: Yes.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And reasonable to presume it makes sense to continue to invest and not just to operate on that sort of an $80 to $90 environment?
John P. Rielly: Yes. I mean, it is generalized. John Hess had mentioned earlier it's that balanced portfolio. It is our offshore assets that are funding the growth on the unconventional side. So it definitely makes sense and some of our best return projects are there.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And last question I have is just really 2 areas that have been, well, let's just say security issues both Libya and Kurdistan. Can you give us kind of an update of what you're seeing in terms of any changes in Libya from, say, the middle of the third quarter to the present? And then what was it that gave you confidence to go back into Kurdistan and restart the exploration well there after the 2-month hiatus.
John B. Hess: Yes. In terms of Libya, look, there's still significant political unrest in the country and a lot of instability, but the oil's flowing. And so far from our Waha concession, we have sold 3 cargoes of Es Sider crude. So the oil business is up and running. But in terms of how the political unrest gets resolved, that's still very much an open issue. So security is still an issue there. And in terms of Kurdistan, you've read the news. I think the country's a lot more secure today after the United States and allies have stood by the Kurds, and security's the #1 concern for our company and safety of all of our employees and contractors. And once we were given the assurances we needed about security, we staged a reentry into the country.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Next question is from the line of Jeffrey Campbell of Tuohy Brothers.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: Most of my questions have been answered, but I would like to ask -- having completed the Almond 2, what is the current timeline for the progression of your offshore Ghana prospects?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So in terms of obligations to the government, we have to file a declaration of commerciality first. And after that, we would have to file a development plan middle of the year next year with the government. So we're actively evaluating the results of the appraisal plan. We've also got some new 3D seismic that we're also processing. Once that's done and once that's reviewed with our partners and reviewed with the government, then we can give you much more color on Ghana.
Jeffrey Campbell - Tuohy Brothers Investment Research, Inc.: But at least at this time, you can say that the drilling portion of it is done pending these further developments.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes.
Operator: And so the next question is from the line of Pavel Molchanov of Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can I go back to Kurdistan for a moment? Now that you guys are drilling with Petroceltic, as I understand, the Shireen-1 prospect is kind of the near-term catalyst. Is there a pre-drill resource estimate for that?
Gregory P. Hill: No, we haven't given one, and we expect to reach TD in that well in Q1 of 2015.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Okay. That's fair enough. And then on Libya, you mentioned the 3 cargoes so far, given that operations are, well, maybe not normal but certainly improving versus a year ago, have you had a chance with the other partners to actually assess the state of the infrastructure relative to any potential physical damage, anything like that?
John B. Hess: No, we're not in a position to comment on that.
Operator: And the next question is from the line of Faisel Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Just wanted to understand the supplement that you guys put out on the Utica JV well test. I'd just like to confirm that those well tests up there from 1,500 BOE a day to almost 4,000 BOE a day are all for the third quarter. And I just want to make sure that, that sort of is coming through into the fourth quarter as well.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, those are the third quarter results from the wells actually, and those are our wells. In addition, CONSOL also tested 7 wells from their operated pads. But these are our wells drilled and completed and tested in the quarter.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. I mean, these are pretty huge results. I mean, what's the game plan in terms of sort of moving some of those gas and liquids out? I mean, 4,000 BOE test is still pretty substantial. Are these -- what's the well sort of -- well like that doing a month later or 2 months later?
Gregory P. Hill: We'll give you -- again in Investor Day in November, we'll give you a full kind of update on the Utica, how it's performing, the play and also where we're going in the future with it.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Okay. Fair enough. And just on Tubular Bells, as that facility ramps up, what's the quality of crude coming out of that field? Is it sort of a Mars Blend? Or is it something that we should expect more of an LLS type of crude?
John B. Hess: It'll have an LLS typing -- LLS relationship in terms of pricing.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of moving your crude out of the Bakken, has anything changed with regard to how you're moving your crude out or how you're thinking about moving your crude out, whether it's rail or pipeline? There've been a number of pipeline projects announced. So I just want to understand sort of what your game plan is for those volumes in the future.
John B. Hess: Yes. Currently, we move approximately 50% of our crude by pipeline and 50% by rail. And as our production ramps up in the future, you can expect that, that balance will stay roughly in place. We are subscribing to more pipeline space, but we're also looking at adding some more railcars to make sure we have the infrastructure in place to move to the highest value markets.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. Then last question for me. The sale of HETCO, how much capital or working capital does that free up from -- within the company on the balance sheet?
John P. Rielly: So just so you know, we have not disclosed the terms, the proceeds associated with the sale because it is confidential. And from a general aspect, it's not going to be material to our financial statements.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day. Thank you.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory P. Hill - President and Chief Operating Officer of Exploration & Production John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2014 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Stephanie, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Stephanie. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President and COO; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will provide some key highlights on the quarter and the progress we are making executing our strategy. Greg Hill will then review our operations, and John Rielly will go over our financial results. With the sale of our Retail business, which was announced in May, we have essentially completed our transformation to a pure-play E&P company. We have built a focused, balanced portfolio of low-risk, high-margin growth assets, and we are well positioned to deliver 5% to 8% compound average annual production growth through 2017 from our 2012 pro forma base and to generate free cash flow after 2014 based upon a $100 Brent. With regard to our financial results for the second quarter of 2014, net income was $931 million or $432 million on an adjusted basis. Adjusted net income per share was $1.38 compared to $1.51 in the year-ago quarter. Cash flow from operations, before changes in working capital, was $1.3 billion. Compared with the second quarter of 2013, our results were impacted by asset sales, which reduced production by 43,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and the shut-in of production in Libya, which reduced production by 24,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Net production in the second quarter averaged 319,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day or 310,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day on a pro forma basis, excluding divestitures. This represents an increase of 17% from pro forma production of 265,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day from the year-ago quarter, excluding Libya. Our production growth is underpinned by 5 key areas: the Bakken in North Dakota, the Utica Shale play in Ohio, Tubular Bells in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Valhall Field in Norway and North Malay Basin in Malaysia. Let's look at highlights from the quarter for these growth assets. Starting onshore, net production in the Bakken averaged 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the quarter, up 25% from second quarter of 2013, following the successful startup of the expanded Tioga gas plant. We project net Bakken production for the third quarter to average between 85,000 and 90,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, and we are on track to deliver our full year 2014 production forecast of 80,000 to 90,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. At the same time, our Bakken team continues to drive our well costs lower. In the second quarter, drilling and completion cost averaged $7.4 million, down 12% from the year-ago quarter. As we have said before, our goal is to deliver the highest value wells, and our results continue to demonstrate that we are consistently delivering wells with some of the highest returns in the Bakken. In the Utica, we and our partner, CONSOL, have a premier acreage position in the wet gas window featuring highly productive wells with high liquids content and high net revenue interests, which will enable us to generate strong financial returns. During the quarter, we continued delineating the play, and well results remain encouraging. While current production is fairly low at this stage, the Utica asset is positioned to be a material contributor to our production growth over the next 5 years. Moving to our offshore assets in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Final commissioning of the Tubular Bells Field, in which Hess has a 57% interest and is operator, is currently underway. We expect Tubular Bells to achieve first production in September and to deliver net production of approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day following the ramp-up period. Regarding the Valhall Field, in which Hess has a 64% working interest, net production averaged 31,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. This compares to 13,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter when production was ramping up following completion of the multiyear field redevelopment project. Our full year net production forecast remains 30,000 to 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Valhall is a long-life material resource that generates significant free cash flow and offers potential in terms of unbooked reserves and production growth. In Malaysia, net production from the North Malay Basin, where Hess is the operator with a 50% interest, averaged 42 million cubic feet per day in the second quarter. The Early Production System commenced in October 2013 and is expected to maintain production at current levels through 2016. During the quarter, we continued to progress full field development, which should result in net production increasing to 160 million cubic feet per day in 2017. Our natural gas assets in the Gulf of Thailand, which include North Malay Basin and the Malaysia/Thailand Joint Development Area or JDA, are material, long-life assets with oil-linked pricing and exploratory upside. Combining our North Malay Basin production with that of the JDA, we anticipate that net production will reach 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day beginning in 2017 compared with 46,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2013. In terms of overall company production, we are on track to deliver our 2014 pro forma production forecast of 305,000 to 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. This would be up between 13% and 17% from 2013 pro forma production of 270,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Capital and exploratory expenditures in the first half of 2014 were $2.5 billion, which was down 23% from the first half of 2013. This decline reflects both improved capital efficiency and increased activity planned for the second half of the year in the Bakken, as well as the impact of asset sales. We continue to project 2014 capital and exploratory expenditures will be $5.8 billion. In terms of divestitures, we reached a major milestone in the second quarter with the agreement to sell our Retail business for a total consideration of $2.9 billion. The transaction is scheduled to close before the end of the year. In addition, we completed asset sales totaling $1.6 billion during the second quarter, comprising the sale of our Exploration and Production assets in Thailand; the sale of our 50% interest in a joint venture power plant under construction in Newark, New Jersey; and an additional 30,000 acres, including related wells and facilities in the Utica dry gas window. The divestiture process for our Hetco Energy trading business is also ongoing. We continue to make progress in our plans to monetize our Bakken midstream infrastructure in 2015 through an MLP structure, which will allow Hess to retain operational control while realizing additional value from our infrastructure investment. As we announced today, we expect to file our initial Form S-1 with the SEC in the fourth quarter this year. Based upon the sale of our Retail business, we increased our share repurchase authorization to $6.5 billion from $4 billion. Year-to-date through July 29, we have repurchased 23.3 million shares for $2 billion. Since commencement of the program in August of 2013, we have repurchased 42.6 million shares for $3.5 billion. We will continue to implement this program in a disciplined manner and provide quarterly updates on future conference calls. In closing, we are delivering strong performance and executing well against our plan to drive cash-generative growth and sustainable returns for our shareholders through a focused, balanced portfolio of world-class E&P assets. We are excited about the future we are building, and look forward to talking more about our portfolio and growth prospects at our Investor Day, which will take place on November 10 in Houston. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide additional details on the execution of our strategy. In the second quarter, we again demonstrated continuing strong delivery against plan. Starting with unconventionals. In the second quarter, net production from the Bakken averaged 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from 63,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter of 2014. In the second quarter, approximately 30% of our operated oil was produced from the Three Forks, and some 30% of our wells were completed in the Three Forks. This demonstrates the high quality of our acreage position in the Three Forks, as well as the Middle Bakken. First gas was introduced to the Tioga gas processing plant on March 23. First residue gas sales commenced on March 25 and ethane recovery on April 23. The plant will be a major enabler for us to reduce flaring to less than 10% by 2017. Plant gross inlet capacity has increased to 250 million cubic feet per day, and natural gas liquids processing capacity has more than doubled to approximately 50,000 gross barrels of oil equivalent per day. Current plant gross inlet volumes are approximately 180 million cubic feet per day, and we are processing approximately 35,000 gross barrels of oil equivalent per day of natural gas liquids. Looking forward, we intend to debottleneck the plant to enable processing of up to 300 million cubic feet per day. In the second quarter, we operated 17 rigs and brought 53 Bakken wells online compared to 30 wells in the first quarter. Our plan is to bring a further 140 to 150 wells online over the course of the second half of this year. In the third quarter, we forecast net Bakken production to average between 85,000 and 90,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, and our full year 2014 Bakken production guidance remains at 80,000 to 90,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Drilling and completion cost continue to be reduced with the second quarter averaging $7.4 million per well versus $8.4 million per well in the year-ago quarter and $7.5 million per well in the first quarter of this year. We continue to make significant progress in drilling cycle time improvements. Compared to the year-ago quarter, we have seen a 19% decrease in spud-to-spud days, which leads not only to lower drilling cost, but also accelerates production. This continuing cost reduction, coupled with the above-average productivity of our wells, means we are delivering some of the highest returns in the Bakken play to our shareholders. Our 13 and 17 well per DSU down spacing pilots are progressing well and performing in line with expectations. These pilots are critical for us to determine optimal spacing across play. By the end of this year, we expect to have sufficient data to provide updated guidance for well spacing, production, forward drilling location and estimated recoverable resources. In the Utica, the divestment of our 100% owned dry gas acreage to American Energy Partners is allowing us to focus on a more profitable wet gas area of the play. The appraisal and early development of our 43,000 core net acres in the Hess-CONSOL joint venture continues to be encouraging. In the second quarter, the joint venture drilled 10 wells, completed 11 and tested 5. So in total, the joint venture has now drilled 52 wells, completed 37 and tested 20 since inception in 2012. Results on our recent Cadiz B wells in Harrison County are particularly encouraging with rates of up to 3,450 barrels of oil equivalent per day with 51% to 53% liquids based on 24-hour test. Turning to offshore. Progress continues in Tubular Bells, North Malay Basin and Valhall. At our 57% owned and operated Tubular Bells development in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we remain on time and on budget. We have completed wells A, B and D and remain on target for field startup in September 2014. We expect net production to build to approximately 25,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day within 8 weeks of first oil. Also in the Gulf of Mexico, the Stampede development project, in which Hess holds a 25% working interest and is operator, we continue to progress, and project sanction is expected later this year. Stampede is a Miocene development that will build on the successful execution of our Tubular Bells project. At the North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, where Hess holds a 50% working interest and is operator, second quarter net production averaged 42 million cubic feet per day through the Early Production System. Regarding the fuel field development project, we signed a gas sales agreement with the Malaysian government, awarded contracts for the construction and installation of the central processing platform and for wellhead platforms, and we progressed construction of a gas export system. Upon completion of full field development in early 2017, net production is expected to increase to 160 million cubic feet per day. At the BP-operated Valhall Field in Norway, in which Hess has a 64% interest, second quarter production was reduced by approximately 6,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to the first quarter. This is primarily due to a temporary reduction of south flank production due to a mechanical problem now resolved and the need to shut in the G4 producer during well G3 drilling operations. G3 has now finished drilling, and we expect G4 will be restarted in August. We expect full year production guidance for Valhall to remain unchanged at 30,000 to 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Looking ahead to the third quarter. Planned seasonal maintenance shutdowns are scheduled this summer at our Gulf of Mexico and North Sea assets, which, combined, are expected to reduce third quarter production by approximately 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Company-wide production, on a pro forma basis and excluding Libya, is forecast to average between 300,000 and 305,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter of 2014. Our full year 2014 forecast on the same basis remains unchanged at 305,000 to 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to exploration. In Kurdistan, where Hess has a 64% interest, the Shakrok-1 well encountered noncommercial quantities of hydrocarbons and was plugged and abandoned. We are currently drilling the Shireen-1 well on the Dinarta block, where we expect to drill and complete testing by year-end 2014. In Ghana, in the second quarter, Hess and its partners commenced drilling a 3-well appraisal program. The first well, Pecan 2A, was completed in June, and the second well, Pecan 3A, was drilled and logged, and we are now preparing to production test the well. The third well, which will appraise the Almond discovery, is expected to be drilled on the third quarter. By year end, following completion of the appraisal program, we will provide an update on results and our forward plans. In closing, this quarter is yet another demonstration of strong execution against our plan and on-target delivery of key milestones. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the second quarter of 2014 to the first quarter of 2014. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $931 million in the second quarter of 2014 compared with $386 million in the first quarter of 2014. Adjusted net income was $432 million in the second quarter of 2014 and $446 million in the previous quarter. E&P had income of $1,057,000,000 in the second quarter and $508 million in the first quarter of 2014. E&P adjusted net income was $483 million in the second quarter of 2014 and $514 million in the previous quarter. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted net income were as follows. Higher sales volumes for crude oil and NGLs, partially offset by lower gas volumes, increased net income by $71 million. Changes in realized selling prices increased net income by $7 million. Higher cash cost decreased net income by $54 million. Higher depreciation, depletion and amortization decreased net income by $43 million. Higher exploration expenses decreased net income by $39 million. All other items led to an increase in net income of $27 million for an overall decrease in second quarter adjusted net income of $31 million. Our E&P crude oil operations were over-lifted compared with production by approximately 550,000 barrels in the quarter, which increased after-tax income by approximately $25 million. We currently expect an under-lift of approximately 500,000 barrels in the third quarter. In the second quarter, the corporation added 10,000 barrels per day of Brent crude oil hedges for a total of 40,000 barrels per day for the remainder of 2014 at an average price of $109.17 per barrel. In addition, during the second quarter, the corporation added 20,000 barrels per day of WTI crude oil hedges for the remainder of 2014 at an average price of $100.41 per barrel. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability of earnings, was 34% for the second quarter and 39% in the first quarter of 2014, primarily reflecting the mix of earnings. Turning to corporate. Corporate and interest expenses, net of income taxes, were $91 million in the second quarter of 2014 compared with $89 million in the first quarter of 2014. Adjusted corporate and interest expenses were $82 million in the second quarter and $81 million in the first quarter. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter, including a decrease of $368 million from changes in working capital, was $946 million. Net proceeds from asset sales were $1,610,000,000. Capital expenditures were $1,214,000,000. Common stock acquired and retired amounted to $692 million. Net borrowings amounted to $431 million. Common stock dividends paid were $77 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $52 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $952 million. Turning to our stock repurchase program. During the second quarter, we announced an increase in our existing share repurchase program to $6.5 billion from $4 billion. We also purchased in the quarter approximately 8.3 million shares of common stock at a cost of approximately $768 million or $91.85 per share, bringing cumulative purchases for the program through June 30, 2014, to 40.2 million shares at a cost of $3.3 billion or $82.09 per share. We've continued to buy back our common stock. And through July 29, total program to date purchases were 42.6 million shares at a cost of $3.5 billion or $83.03 per share. We had $2,240,000,000 of cash and cash equivalents at June 30, 2014, compared with $1,814,000,000 at the end of last year. Total debt was $6,077,000,000 at June 30, 2014, up from $5,798,000,000 at December 31, 2013. In June, the corporation issued $600 million of notes, comprised of $300 million of 1.3% notes due in June 2017 and $300 million of 3.5% notes due in July 2024. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at June 30, 2014 was 20% and 19% at the end of 2013. Turning to the 2014 guidance. I would like to provide estimates for certain metrics. For the third quarter, E&P cash operating cost per barrel of oil equivalent are estimated to be in the range of $22.50 to $23.50. And E&P depreciation, depletion and amortization per barrel of oil equivalent are expected to be in a range of $29 to $30. Full year 2014 guidance is now expected to be $21.50 to $22.50 per barrel for cash operating cost, and $28 to $29 per barrel for depreciation, depletion and amortization. Total production unit cost for the full year of $49.50 to $51.50 per barrel remains unchanged. The third quarter E&P effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 33% to 35%, and the full year 2014 rate is now expected to be in the range of 36% to 40%, down from our previous guidance of 37% to 41%. Third quarter corporate expenses are expected to be between $30 million and $35 million after taxes. And after-tax interest expenses are expected to be in a range of $55 million to $60 million. The estimate for corporate expenses in 2014 remains in the range of $125 million to $135 million after taxes, and after-tax interest expenses are now estimated to be in the range of $215 million to $225 million, down from our previous guidance of $225 million to $235 million. Turning to midstream. As we announced earlier this morning, we are pursuing the formation of a master limited partnership for our Bakken midstream assets. We expect to file an initial registration statement with the SEC in the fourth quarter. The SEC imposes restrictions on communications when a securities offering is in process. We are, therefore, limited in the information that we can share with you at this time, and we will not be able to answer questions about future plans and expectations for the MLP on this call. As we move to the offering process towards an IPO, we will continue to be restricted in the information that we can give you other than the information provided in the registration statement. This concludes my remarks. We'll be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: [indiscernible] and good results. My question is on the Bakken and Hess' approach to completion design and technological change. First, I mean, have you experimented or do you plan to experiment with coiled tubing completion technologies in the Bakken? I know a few others are beginning to use these completions, and Schlumberger recently highlighted at its Analyst Day the potential to significantly improve frac effectiveness via those completions. And I have a follow-up, please.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Evan, thanks for the question. In fact, I just had a review of that yesterday. So yes, we are planning to deploy some coiled tubing completions and give it a try.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And any -- I mean, I just hop [ph] on any other variables that you're experimenting with and in the process there in isolating whether it's completion variables, well design variables or being a kind of faster adopter to change? I mean, can you just talk about your approach there as things continue to rapidly change?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think first of all, our current standard design is 35 stages now. That's compared to 29 last year. So we've upped our stage count. So we've also upped our sand loading a bit to around 100,000 pounds per stage. We just continue to learn and watch and try new things to see what the best approach is, pay close attention to what competitors are doing as well and then try -- and to try some of those things on our own and see what the results show us. So...
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And slick water fracs? I mean, any kind of potential there to limit decline rates?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we're evaluating that as well, the slick water. We haven't run one yet, but we're going to do that.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. That's great. And then maybe lastly for me, I mean, the Analyst Day is a new announcement. I know it's been a while since you had one. I know there's been significant portfolio changes. What drives your decision? What does the Street not understand about the Hess story in your view? And I'll leave it at that.
John B. Hess: Well, we wanted to get the portfolio restructuring to a pure-play E&P behind us and with the announcement of the retail sale in May and God willing, Tubular Bells ramping up, and Bakken ramping up, and Utica ramping up, we thought it would be a good time to give an update on the performance of our assets in deeper detail, as well as some of the exciting investment growth opportunities we have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Guy Baber with Simmons & Company.
Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: I had 2 on production. One, near term and then one longer-term question. So I wanted to talk a little bit about the 3Q guidance. You mentioned 300,000 to 305,000 barrels a day pro forma, which looks a little conservative even in light of the 20,000 barrels a day of maintenance that you called out just considering that you should get back some significant JDA maintenance from last quarter and then you have Bakken ramping up. Are there any other negative offsets in the 3Q number that we need to be thinking of? And was the maintenance really kind of what keeps you leaving your full year guidance unchanged, considering you guys have outperformed 1Q and then outperformed 2Q and things seem to be ramping according to plan? And then I have a follow-up after that.
Gregory P. Hill: Okay. Yes, I think the maintenance is a routine. It was part of our forecast. So if you look at kind of a walk down between second quarter and third quarter pro forma guidance, as mentioned, the Bakken, we plan an increase there, but the -- all of the offset to that is the maintenance shutdowns that we talked about in the Gulf of Mexico and in the North Sea. So there's no other thing going on other than maintenance and being partially offset by the Bakken.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then on -- my follow-up is on longer term, your E&P production guidance. You mentioned that the Bakken, Utica, Valhall and North Malay Basin are really the major assets that underpin that longer-term growth, and you've given us a pretty specific framework around how to think about the contribution from all of those assets aside from the Utica. So I was hoping you could just provide a little bit more color around how we should be thinking about that multi-year ramp in the Utica, and kind of what type of volumes you think you could deliver there? Or is that something that we'll need to wait for, for the Analyst Day?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think, again, we're continuing the appraisal program in the Utica, and our plans would be to, certainly by the end of the year, to give much more visibility on the forward growth plans for the Utica. But again, we're very encouraged by what we see in the Utica.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I've got 2 questions, if I may. One for Greg and one for John, if that's okay. Greg, the supplemental information you said during the call here, and it looks like the average 30-day rates of the wells you brought on in the second quarter were quite a bit up and have been trending higher over the last, I guess, 6 quarters or so. There was also a just slight change in the mix towards Three Forks well, it seems. I'm just wondering if you could help us connect the dots as to what's happening there that might be driving that improvement, and whether or not you think it's sustainable. I've got a follow-up, please.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think, Doug, it's related to 2 factors. One is increasing the stage count. So our standard design now is 35. In the quarter, we showed 33. That's because we had a few wells where we used lower-stage counts intentionally and some 6 40 patterns. But the average IP for the quarter was over 1,000, and that was driven by -- there were over 20 new wells in the quarter that averaged well over 1,000 barrels a day. 15 of those were Middle Bakken, and 5 were Three Forks. So it's a mix of where we're drilling but also the higher stage counts. So I think certainly, from the higher stage counts, that is sustainable, but rates will creep up relative to historic. Obviously, the mix will change as you kind of move around the field.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I understand. John, my other question's a capital expenditure question because, this year, I seem to recall you had about $400 million on TD [ph] and a bit on midstream and now that you have obviously announced the MLP and TD goes away, I'm assuming that the CapEx same-store sales kind of thing would be lower next year unless you step up activities. So given that you're in a very strong growth trajectory in the second half of the year, have to imagine cash flow doesn't go up. So my question is, how do you think about the use of that free cash flow? Will buybacks only add through proceeds from asset sales? In other words, with operating cash flow, should we realistically think that, that goes to organic growth and perhaps a step up in the Bakken, given your positive results from your down-spacing?
John P. Rielly: So thanks, Doug. And yes, I mean, so now as you begin to see the Tubular Bells comes on, Bakken continues to ramp, Utica begins to grow. So obviously, there's some nice cash margins coming in, and our cash flow will continue to grow as this production increases. And to your point on where we are with our portfolio, and we haven't laid out where capital is going to be next year. But as we said, we are looking to become free cash flow positive post 2014 with Brent prices that stay at least $100. And so where we are from a focus on our free cash flow generation is that we are focusing on executing that strategy to profitably grow those -- that production in reserves to generate that cash flow and generate hopefully enhanced shareholder value. And then we'll continue to allocate capital to growth opportunities that offer the highest risk adjust returns, but we'll be balancing those investments in the business with current returns to shareholders. So it's not just asset sale proceeds.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So to be clear, John, previously I believe you've said that sales proceeds would fund buybacks. So should we look for organic cash flow to fund buybacks or would that be more skewed towards dividend? I'm just trying to understand if you're changing your position a little bit on the use of operating cash flow.
John P. Rielly: So where we are right now in the strategic transformation that we went through? Yes, it was the proceeds and basically an excess cash flow from the proceeds. We were utilizing those to buy back shares. But as we get past that, and now we're in our -- that was a nonrecurring cash flow that came in, and we used that proceeds for that. When we get to the organic cash flow, yes, that can be balanced, and we'll be looking for the high-risk returns that we have within the portfolio, and we'll balance the use of that cash flow for that with current returns to shareholders.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Crdit Suisse.
Unknown Analyst: This is Zack Dushane [ph] standing in for Ed right now. So couple of questions, first regarding the Bakken. We've seen some good results from Blue Buttes and Hawkeye up in McKenzie County, and I know you guys have touched on this a little bit. We're trying to understand is the uplift from new completion technology used here that isn't used elsewhere? Or do you see it more as a geology sort of focus? So you could just address that and I have a quick follow-on.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, again, it's both in the quarter. So certainly, where we are drilling matters. We are drilling in some good sweet spots right now, both for the Three Forks and for the Middle Bakken. And then as I said, with the stage counts going up and proppant loadings going up a bit, that's obviously contributed to higher IP rates. So it's really a mix of both geology and completion design.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. So your new techniques are being used kind of across the board? It's not...
Gregory P. Hill: They are. Yes. Our standard design now is 35 stages.
Unknown Analyst: Right. Right. And then just a follow-up unrelated. So, and sorry if this was addressed before. Where do you guys see the peak production from the Tubular Bells?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think what we said in our opening remarks is that we'll bring 3 wells on at first oil. We'll ramp those over a period of about 8 weeks. Gulf of Mexico experience shows that you need to ramp them up slowly so you don't get sand influx. And we think that, that will -- once we get those 3 wells up, we'll be around 25,000 barrels a day and hopefully, there's a little bit upside to that number. But right now, we're quoting 25,000 barrels a day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ryan Todd with Deutsche Bank.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If I could follow up on the Bakken, and maybe it's a slightly more focused way of looking at the earlier questions on use of cash, but what's the right way to think about your management of the pace of development on the Bakken? I realize you won't have down-spacing results until later this year, but a high-level -- what are the governing factors in terms of your Bakken development? Is inventory a governing factor? Is it cash flow, infrastructure and logistics, some or all of the above? And if inventory goes up via down-spacing, does that necessarily increase your long-term activity levels?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So first of all, once we are complete with the results of all the down spacing pilots by year end, we'll update guidance on pace and recover reserves, all the things that we talked about in our opening remarks. I think the main objective that we're trying to accomplish in the Bakken is to maximize asset value, and that is a function of pace and infrastructure build-out. So we're constantly trying to manage those 2 dimensions to ensure that we maximize ultimate NPV from the Bakken development, because you can go really fast and over build infrastructure that you don't need, and so we're really trying to optimize based on those 2 dimensions to maximize value from the asset.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. I appreciate that. And then if I could ask one quick one on the Utica as well. I mean, is it -- I'm not sure if it showed up in the supplemental data or if you said, but did you say what the current production -- or could you say what the current production in the Utica is? And maybe talk a little bit about the marketing of your gas, what you have in the way of firm transport and your kind of your medium-term expectation on pricing out of the basin?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think in Q2, we produced around 3,000 barrels a day from the Utica. That's our JV acreage with CONSOL. And in Q3, we expect to double that to approximately 6,000 barrels a day and then continue to build through the end of the year. And as we mentioned before, we plan to provide additional data and forecast later in the year on our outlook for the Utica. As far as the gas, we have dedicated third-party contracts in place for 2014 and negotiating new wins for expanding volumes, and we don't expect any bottlenecks or issues. Regarding NGLs and pricing and all that, revenues received by us are on realized spot market prices in the surrounding areas.
Ryan Todd - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And have you signed long-term contracts on the gas side?
Gregory P. Hill: No, we haven't.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Wells Research.
Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: Back to the Bakken, I had a couple of questions. The first is fairly specific, and then the second is a high-level question. The specific question is on the Tioga plant and the impact it had on your liquids cut. You've beaten our estimates there. Can we assume that, that cut continues to rise as the plant ramps up? And how much higher can we expect that to go?
Gregory P. Hill: I'd just kind of highlight what the Tioga gas plant has done to us in terms of increased capacity. So on the inlet side, the plant can currently process about 250 million cubic feet per day gross on the inlet side. It also -- the expansion increased our liquids processing capability to some 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And if you look at what we're putting through the plant today, it's about 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day gross liquids. So you can see that there's further upside beyond that as we expand to plan capacity. Importantly, we also intend to debottleneck the plant to take the inlet capacity up to 300 million cubic feet a day. So we can see our way to another 50 million coming in at the plant, and we have the liquids capacity to deal with that.
Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: And would that then be another potential expansion beyond that debottlenecking?
Gregory P. Hill: That'll be a question I think for the MLP in the future to decide.
Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: That's what I was driving at without mentioning MLPs. The high-level question is now that you focused the company more towards the Bakken and it's become so important for the story, can you just remind us what your -- what you believe your competitive advantage is? What makes you as good as or better than the competition at the Bakken?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think, really, 3 things. I mean, obviously, we've got a great acreage position in both the Middle Bakken and the Three Forks. We have a privileged infrastructure position that we're reaping the benefits now and will in the future. And then thirdly, we have a distinctive operating capability through Lean Manufacturing, and that's people, basically people and culture, and that's what's allowing us to continue to drive down quarter on quarter-on-quarter our well cost and also on productivity. Yes, and we're also scaling that capability over to the Utica, and we're seeing significant reductions in Utica, as well as we leverage those Bakken Lean Manufacturing learnings over to that play also.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I would first make a request. I know you're still in early stage, but you, gentlemen, would be able to share the Utica operating data somewhat similar to the format that you gave on Bakken in the supplemental. It may not be in the next 1 or 2 quarter but, say, a couple of quarters down, that would be really helpful.
John P. Rielly: That's something clearly that we're looking at. And especially -- as Greg mentioned, we're focused on getting what our ultimate field development plan will be, and we were planning to add that, but thanks for the comment.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. John, since I got you here, maybe let me ask that. The company today is a much stronger company, both financially and operationally, compared to say anytime in the last 5 years. So from that standpoint that, is there a need of continued hedging? Or what is your overall view on the hedging? Should we change it saying that given your position today, you really don't need to do any hedging?
John P. Rielly: So what we've said, Paul, is that, looking forward, what we'll do -- you're right. We're in a much better position with our balance sheet, but we will look at our price exposure on an annual basis. We are, we think, privileged because we have our portfolio is tilted towards oil. 70-plus percent of our production reserves are oil-based. So we'll look at our price exposure on an annual basis, and we may hedge to provide some insurance, but it will only be for that 1 year at a time.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And this may be bad news [ph for both John Hess and also Greg. Outside the existing already identified asset sales program for the next, say, 1 to 2 years, should we assume that any additional meaningful asset that you guys will be considered or that you're pretty much done, and that is behind?
John B. Hess: Yes, Paul. With the sale of our Retail business, our portfolio restructuring to transform to a pure-play E&P company is substantially complete. Going forward, however, portfolio optimization will be ongoing, to address your question, and be part of the normal course of business, whether it's buying assets or selling assets. Our focus now and in the future is to invest for growth of our production and reserves, deliver strong operating performance from our focus portfolio and most of all, sustain value generation for our shareholders.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: As a final one, yet not related to the quarter. Greg, I was looking at your 10-K on the PV10 table, and I was a little bit surprised that, for Norway, the future development cost is about $8 billion. I thought we already done with all the CapEx spending and it's just incremental well that we need to drill. Why the development expense on that is going to be so high? Does that mean that the CapEx related to Norway will remain high for the coming years?
John P. Rielly: Paul, I'll answer that. From a capital expenditure program, there's a decent amount of capital that we are putting in here that will grow for a number of years. If Valhall is, I think Greg has said in the past, we just redeveloped that field. So it's got a 40-year-plus life, the facilities that are on there. So when you look at those PV10, you've got development cost going out for a number, 40-plus years of development cost there. And so there is a well program. And as you said, it's an asset that generates very good cash flow for us, and we'll continue to invest in in-fill in the field. So that's what those development costs are for.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Should we assume -- I'm sorry. John, should we assume that Norway, the CapEx is going to be flat from over the next several year or that is actually should be lower than this year?
John P. Rielly: I would assume for now because we haven't given any guidance and we'll go as we get towards the end of the year, and we have to work obviously with the operator, BPB [ph] and the operator, but I would assume that there's some flattish-type CapEx in there because there's opportunities for drilling in the field.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: First one on Ghana. After you wrap up the 3-well appraisal program presumably by the end of the year, is that going to provide you enough data to make a full development decision either way?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we believe it will. I mean, I think we'll been in a good position to determine what our go-forward strategy is.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Understood. And then on Kurdistan, I think you mentioned in passing, which you wrote off, a portion of your acreage is followed by one dry hole at Shakrok. Is that right?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that's right. So the Shakrok well -- although we discovered gas condensate in the Triassic, so there was hydrocarbons in the well, the well was deemed noncommercial.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Got it. So in other words, is that block essentially kind of leading the scene completely?
Gregory P. Hill: In the process of being relinquished, which will take several months, right, but we're drilling the Shireen well now, which is a much larger block, and it appears to be -- and it's offset. So the two are completely unrelated.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of David Heikkinen with Heikkinen Energy.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC: As you think about the Gulf of Mexico volumes with Tubular Bells coming online and maintenance downtime, just trying to familiarize myself with how you incorporate just normal seasonal hurricane downtime into your annual operating plans.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that's essentially built into our contingency that we build in every year, and so it's just an average number based upon historic performance of hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and that's just a bottom line correction to our overall production that's built-in.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC: So like 7 days for oil fields and 10 days for -- or 10 days for oil fields something like that.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, round numbers, that's about right.
David Martin Heikkinen - Heikkinen Energy Advisors, LLC: And then on the Tioga gas plant with the expansion and then really the de-bottlenecking just -- this is details, but how do you think about the shrink from inlet to outlet? Is there a change to shrink with the expansion of capacity or what is really, I guess, the outlet gas plus the 50,000 barrels of fluids that you're processing?
John P. Rielly: Yes. With the expansion of the plant and obviously, as Greg had mentioned earlier, the boosting of the liquids output, there is a higher shrinkage factor associated with the gas. So you're probably going from a -- previously a 15% type shrinkage to over 50% factor there.
Operator: Thank you very much. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory P. Hill - President and Chief Operating Officer of Exploration & Production John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2014 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Crystal, and I will be the operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to you, all, on our first quarter conference call. I will make some high-level comments on the quarter and the progress we are making in executing our strategy. Greg Hill will then discuss our E&P operations, and John Rielly will go over our financial results. Our results this quarter demonstrate continued execution of our plan to drive cash-generative growth and sustainable returns for our shareholders through a focused portfolio of world-class E&P assets. In the first quarter, our growth assets performed well with higher production from Valhall and North Malay Basin. In addition, current Bakken production levels are in excess of 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, following completion of the Tioga gas plant expansion. Tubular Bells is on track for first oil in the third quarter, and well results from the Utica Shale play are encouraging. Overall, we remain very enthusiastic about the prospects for our company in 2014 and beyond. With regard to our financial results, net income for the first quarter of 2014 was $386 million or $446 million on an adjusted basis. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.38 compared to $1.95 in the year-ago quarter. Cash flow from operations before changes in working capital was $1.4 billion. Compared to the first quarter of 2013, our results were impacted by asset sales, which reduced production by 77,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and the shut-in of production in Libya, which reduced production by 23,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Net production in the first quarter averaged 318,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day or 297,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day on a pro forma basis, excluding divestitures. This represents an increase of 11% from pro forma production of 268,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in last year's first quarter, excluding Libya. This improvement was driven by higher production from the Valhall Field in Norway and North Malay Basin in Malaysia. Regarding the Valhall Field, in which Hess has a 64% working interest, net production averaged 37,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter. This compares to 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter when production was restarting, following the completion of the multi-year field redevelopment project. Two wells were brought online in the first quarter, and facility uptime and reliability have continued to improve. In Malaysia, net production from the North Malay Basin, where Hess is the operator with a 50% interest, averaged 40 million cubic feet per day in the first quarter. The early production system commenced in October of last year and will maintain production at current levels through 2016. Full field development is ongoing and should result in net production increasing to 165 million cubic feet per day in 2017. Net production from the Bakken averaged 63,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter. The Tioga gas plant commenced start-up operations on March 23 and began residual gas sales on March 25. Production from both the field and the plants increased through April. And as I mentioned earlier, current net production from the Bakken is in excess of 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our full year 2014 production forecast remains 80,000 to 90,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our Bakken team continues to drive our well costs lower. In the first quarter, drilling and completion costs averaged $7.5 million, a 13% savings from the year-ago quarter. In addition, our wells continue to be more productive than the industry average. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, development of the Tubular Bells Field, in which Hess has a 57% interest and is operator, remains on schedule to achieve first oil in the third quarter. During the first quarter, the SPAR and Topsides were towed out and installed on location. Three producing wells have been predrilled with pay counts coming in above expectations. As a result, we plan to drill a fourth producer in the second half of this year. In terms of divestitures, on April 23, we announced that we completed the sale of our Exploration and Production assets in Thailand for $1 billion based upon an effective date of July 1, 2013. The divestiture processes for our retail marketing and trading businesses are well advanced. Also, we continue to make progress in our plans to monetize our Bakken midstream assets in 2015, most likely through an MLP structure, through which Hess will retain operational control while maximizing the value of our infrastructure investment. Regarding our share repurchase program, through April 29, we have repurchased 14.3 million shares for $1.1 billion in 2014. Since commencement of the program in August of 2013, we have repurchased 33.6 million shares for $2.7 billion. In sum, we are pleased with the progress we continue to make in our transformation to become a pure-play E&P company. We are confident that our initiatives have positioned the company to achieve 5% to 8% compound average annual production growth through 2017, off of our 2012 pro forma base and to generate free cash flow post 2014 based upon $100 Brent. In addition, the strength of our balance sheet provides the financial flexibility to fund this cash-generative growth that will deliver strong sustainable returns for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide an operational update and a review of the progress we are making in executing our E&P strategy. Starting with unconventionals. In the first quarter, net production from the Bakken averaged 63,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. While the severe winter weather in the first quarter delayed the start-up of the Tioga plant by approximately 3 weeks and deferred bringing new wells online, the Bakken team has done an outstanding job of getting us back on schedule. First gas was introduced to the Tioga plant on March 23. First residue gas sales commenced on March 25 and ethane recovery on April 23. Also, we brought 24 new wells online in April compared to 30 wells in the first quarter, and current net Bakken production is in excess of 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the second quarter, we forecast net Bakken production to average between 75,000 and 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our full year 2014 Bakken production guidance remains at 80,000 to 90,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Drilling and completion costs continue to be reduced with the first quarter averaging $7.5 million per well versus $8.6 million per well in the year-ago quarter and $7.6 million per well in the fourth quarter of 2013. And the productivity of our wells continues to be above industry average. We are continuing with our down spacing pilots of 17 well pads, having 13 wells per drilling spacing unit with 7 wells in the Middle Bakken and 6 in the Three Forks to allow us to determine optimal spacing and cross play. Early field results are encouraging. We are also conducting pilots on 2 pads with an even tighter 17 well per DSU configuration with 9 wells in the Middle Bakken and 8 in the Three Forks. By the end of this year, we expect to have sufficient data to provide updated guidance for well spacing, production, drilling locations and resource potential. Turning to the Utica. The appraisal and early development of our 43,000 core net acres in the Hess CONSOL joint venture continues, and we are encouraged by well results to date with rates averaging 1,800 barrels of oil equivalent per day with 59% liquids based on 24-hour tests. In 2014, Hess and CONSOL plan to drill some 30 to 35 wells across our joint venture acreage. In the first quarter we drilled 8 wells, completed 3 and tested one well in the joint venture acreage. In the offshore, progress continues at Valhall, North Malay Basin and Tubular Bells. At the BP-operated field in Norway, in which Hess has a 64% interest, net production averaged 37,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter. Two producers were brought online following workovers, and facilities reliability has been considerably improved. Full year 2014 net production from Valhall is forecast by the operator to be in the range of 30,000 to 35,000 barrels of oil per day. At North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, where Hess has a 50% working interest and is operator, first quarter net production continued at 40 million cubic feet per day through the early production system and is expected to remain at this level through 2016. Contracts for the central processing platform for the full field development will be awarded in the second quarter, and we continue to advance our full field development project, which is expected to increase net production to 165 million cubic feet per day in 2017. At our 57% owned and operated Tubular Bells development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the SPAR and Topsides were installed on schedule during the quarter. And we are on track for field start-up in the third quarter of 2014 with net production building to 25,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day. Due to the positive results from the wells drilled to date, we intend to spud a fourth producer mid-year, which is expected to be run [ph] on production in the first quarter of 2015. At the Malaysia/Thailand Joint Development Area, there's a 30-day planned shutdown commencing in early June for work associated with booster compression tie-ins. As a result, net production from this asset is expected to be curtailed by approximately 11,000 barrels of oil equivalent in the second quarter. Company-wide production on a pro forma basis, and excluding Libya, is forecast to average between 295,000 and 300,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter of 2014. And our full year 2014 forecast on the same basis remains 305,000 to 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In terms of exploration, in the Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points Block in Ghana, in late March, we successfully farmed out a 40% license interest. Hess will retain a 50% license interest in operatorship. Our new partner will pay a disproportionate share of the cost during the appraisal phase to earn their interest in the block. Appraisal drilling is expected to commence in May, beginning with a down-dip pass on discovery. In Kurdistan, where Hess has a 64% license interest and is operator of the Shakrok and Dinarta blocks, we completed drilling at the Shakrok-1 well. We plan to perform production tests over multiple intervals in Jurassic age reservoir, which was the primary target of the well. In May, we plan to spud the well the Shireen well on the Dinarta block. In closing, in this quarter, we have continued executing against our plan and delivering key milestones, including those on Tioga, Tubular Bells and North Malay Basin. We see increasing upside in our high-quality acreage position in the Bakken, where we continue to drive top quartile operational performance and leverage our infrastructure advantage. And finally, we are entering a key phase of exploration in Kurdistan and appraisals in Ghana. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks, Greg. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the first quarter of 2014 to the fourth quarter of 2013. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $386 million in the first quarter of 2014 compared with $1,925,000,000 in the fourth quarter of 2013. Adjusted earnings were $446 million in the first quarter of 2014 compared with $319 million in the previous quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production. E&P had income of $508 million in the first quarter of 2014 and $1,029,000,000 in the fourth quarter of 2013. E&P adjusted earnings were $514 million in the first quarter of 2014 and $436 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. The changes in after-tax components of adjusted earnings were as follows: higher realized selling prices increased earnings by $46 million, lower operating costs increased income by $56 million, lower exploration expenses improved earnings by $15 million, lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $12 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $27 million, for an overall increase in first quarter adjusted earnings of $78 million. Our E&P crude oil operations were under-lifted compared with production by approximately 1.1 million barrels in the quarter, which decreased after-tax income by approximately $35 million. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, was 39% for the first quarter of 2014 and 38% in the fourth quarter of 2013. Turning to Corporate and interest. Corporate and interest expenses, net of income taxes, were $89 million in the first quarter of 2014 compared with $115 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Adjusted Corporate and interest expenses were $81 million in the first quarter, down from $108 million in the fourth quarter. The decreased costs in the first quarter were a result of lower interest expenses and reduced employee-related costs. Turning to downstream. The downstream businesses reported losses of $33 million in the first quarter of 2014 compared with income of $1,011,000,000 in the fourth quarter of 2013. Adjusted earnings were $13 million in the first quarter compared to an adjusted loss of $9 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, reflecting improved trading results. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter, including a decrease of $248 million from changes in working capital, was $1,158,000,000. Net proceeds from asset sales were $1,237,000,000. Capital expenditures were $1,444,000,000. Common stock acquired and retired amounted to $1,043,000,000. Repayments of debt were $333 million. Common stock dividends paid were $79 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $22 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the first quarter of $526 million. Turning to our stock repurchase program. During the first quarter, we purchased approximately 12.6 million shares of common stock at a cost of approximately $1 billion or $79.33 per share, bringing cumulative purchases through March 31 to 31.9 million shares at a cost of $2.54 billion or $79.53 per share. We have continued to buyback our common stock. And through April 29, total program-to-date purchases were 33.6 million shares at a cost of $2.68 billion or $79.84 per share. We had $1,288,000,000 of cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2014, compared with $1,814,000,000 at the end of last year. Total debt was $5,576,000,000 at March 31, 2014, down from $5,798,000,000 at December 31, 2013. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at March 31, 2014, was 18.7%, which was improved from 19% at the end of 2013. Turning to second quarter 2014 guidance. I would like to provide estimates for certain metrics. For the second quarter, E&P cash operating costs per barrel of oil equivalent are estimated to be in the range of $22 to $22.50 per barrel. The expected increase in cash cost per barrel over the $21.11 in the first quarter of 2014 is primarily related to lower production volumes following the asset sale in Thailand as pro forma cash costs were $22.17 in the first quarter. E&P depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses per barrel are estimated to be in the range of $28 to $28.50 for the second quarter. The increase from the $25.19 per barrel in the first quarter of 2014 is primarily due to higher production volumes in the Bakken, lower volumes at the JDA due to a planned shutdown and the impact of selling assets in Thailand, which were not being depreciated while classified as held for sale. Full year 2014 unit cost guidance of $20.50 to $21.50 per barrel for cash costs, and $29 to $30 per barrel for depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses remains unchanged. For the full year 2014, the E&P effective tax rate is still expected to be in the range of 37% to 41%, and the second quarter rate is expected to be in the range of 37% to 39%. The estimate for Corporate expenses in 2014 remains in the range of $125 million to $135 million after taxes. And after-tax interest expenses are still estimated to be in the range of $225 million to $235 million. Second quarter Corporate expenses are expected to be in the range of $35 million to $40 million, and interest expenses are expected to be in the range of $50 million to $55 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes. Earlier in the week, there was a retail acquisition [indiscernible] 14x forward EBITDA. It was a utilization reminder of MLP structure for wholesale fuels business and ability to characterize some of that retail site value as wholesale fuel and thus MLP qualifying income. So, I mean, my question is have you examined the potential MLP value in your retail assets? And do you consider that potential value when you consider the value in a sale process? And I have a follow-up.
John B. Hess: Yes, Evan. As you well know, our divestiture process for our Retail business is well advanced. We certainly are prepared to move forward with a spin, and at the same time, we're conducting a parallel process to look at all of our other options, including outright sale. And the process is well underway.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. The transaction surely highlights the value there. Can you share a tax basis in the retail?
John P. Rielly: What we're going to do, Evan, is anything related to disclosures on that would come through future SEC filings. So should we pursue a spin option. So again I think, as John said, we're well advanced in the processing, and that's where we want to be right now from a disclosure standpoint.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Fair enough. Can you give me the tax basis on the electric JV interest sale or the tax implications there?
John P. Rielly: Sure. The gain on sale on that transaction will be limited.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And maybe at the risk of a similar response, on potential MLP-able assets, I'm not asking in EBITDA figures, but can you discuss any potential assets outside the Bakken, which is clear that may qualify, Gulf of Mexico, for instance, with Tubular Bells platform investment or anything that's outside of the Bakken would be helpful.
John P. Rielly: So our clear focus right now is focusing on our Bakken midstream assets, and that's where our efforts are going right now. And we're still on track I think on the guidance that we've been saying. So by 2015, we look to have a monetization event relating to those Bakken midstream assets. We plan to get SEC filings in place here in the second half of the year for that. Over time, yes, we have other midstream assets in our portfolio that could ultimately be dropped into that. But that will be at a later point.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. Maybe lastly, if I could. Just on Tioga. Can you just remind us of third-party volumes we should expect there before you fully fill the plant just so I kind of can understand that?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So I could give you a sense of current volumes right now, Evan. Right now, the plant end-up rates are about 120 million to 140 million cubic feet a day. And roughly 70% of that is Hess-operated production and third is -- and 30% is third party. So obviously as we ramp our production up, our volumes will go up. But our plan is to fill that plant to capacity of 250 million cubic feet a day as rapidly as we can. And then we're also looking at ways to de-bottleneck that facility to further increase the capacity to 300 million cubic feet or higher.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ed Westlake from Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. Just a very quick follow on from Evan's conversation on retail, and again you may not give this. But you had I think $13 million in the downstream in the first quarter. Do you have a number for what was sort of retail-only EBITDA within that?
John P. Rielly: [indiscernible] of the divestiture process.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Understood. Okay. A question for Greg then on the down spacing. We've been tracking some of the other sort of down spacing tests in the industry, and some of them started a little bit earlier. So we've got a bit more data. We find that the EURs are in the sort of 400 MBOE range, i.e., slightly lower than where the sort of original wells would be. But obviously, you get a saving in terms of the costs. So I'm just getting a sense of do you see this playing out as sort of just an area where you can add inventory, but the returns will fall? Or is this an area where you think you can actually sort of sustain the current levels of returns. And if that's the case, do you see yourself throwing more rigs at the play once you've got this down spacing test, your own tests finished? Any color there would be helpful.
Gregory P. Hill: Okay, great. Thanks, Ed. I think first of all, just to say it's early days for us. We've got 17 well pads planned with these 13 wells per DSU. So that's 7 and 6. 7 in the Middle Bakken and 6 in the Three Forks. Early field results, although limited, are very encouraging. We're seeing very little interference in those wells. So I think there's a good chance that if that continues, these will be very, very high return wells just like the current wells are. We're also doing 2 well pads that have 17 per DSU. So that's a 9 and 8, but those will come a little bit later in the year.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then maybe in terms of the geology, I mean, how much of your acreage do you think this in the sweet spot for doing the down spacing? Obviously, not all of the acreage has the Middle Bakken and Three Forks potential.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think that depends. That's why we're doing 17 well pads because we're going to try and spread those around the field because obviously in other areas, say, on the anticline where you have a lot of natural fracturing, you might see higher interference in that area of the field. So that's why we're putting these pads all around the field to try and really assess where could we apply this, right?
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Doug Leggate from BoA.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I've also got I guess a follow-up first on the Bakken. I guess I would probably slightly disagree with Ed's conclusions there on the down spacing, given what Continental's been doing. But my question to you guys is, you're drilling half your program this year on down spacing tests. So I would -- I guess, Greg, what I'm kind of thinking is you're managing to your inventory in terms of drilling activity. If it turns out that the 7 and 6s work but yet your current plan is 5 and 4s as I understand it, what does it do to your activity level in terms of future planning, future rig activity and ultimately, production targets out of the Bakken?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think as we've said, Doug, our current plan, which is 5 and 4 has 150,000-barrel-a-day target or peak in 2018 with 1.1 million barrels -- or billion barrels recoverable. Obviously, if we go to 7 and 6, that number's -- all those numbers are going to go up because the number of operated drilling locations will go up as well. And so I think you can do the math and figure out that things will go higher. Now what we haven't done yet is determine what rig pace, if this is successful, what rig pace will we prosecute on that acreage. We'll make that decision at the end of this year, and that'll be part of our business planning as we go forward in 2015 plus.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. My follow-up I guess is kind of related because it relates to the strength of your cash flow. And, John Hess, I guess the philosophical question here is you've got midstream spending in Tubular Bells that kind of falls off this year. It seems that on a pre-working capital basis, your run rate is about $5.6 billion streets [ph] below that, and you haven't even have the growth in the second half of the year. So it's kind of looking like the cash flow is very, very strong. You're selling more assets, your buybacks clearly look like that's conservative. So can you prioritize for us the use of cash as you look beyond perhaps the current year, given all of those moving parts?
John B. Hess: Sure. Well, the first priority will be to invest for future growth with our balanced approach among unconventionals exploitation and exploration to underpin the 5% to 8% average growth rate going through to 2017 and obviously, want to position beyond that. Obviously, as we move out and our lower risk cash-generative growth increases, there will be more money to consider then besides which we put in investing for growth to increase cash returns to shareholders. So when we get there, obviously, that'll be a priority as well.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So when would you anticipate making a decision on the buyback authorization because that looks like you're going to chew through the $4 billion in fairly short order.
John B. Hess: Doug, that decision will be made when the ultimate decision is made for do we spin or sell our Retail business. And then the $4 billion share buyback authorization, that's when we would be focused on do we increase it or not.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Guy Baber from Simmons & Company.
Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Guy Baber with Simmons. I had a question on the offshore portfolio, but you guys obviously had a very strong offshore production this quarter at both Valhall and then despite some downtime early in the quarter, it looks like Gulf of Mexico did pretty well also. So I was just hoping you could provide some incremental detail around the strong Gulf of Mexico output, specifically what drove that? How sustainable might that be as we think about the rest of the year? And has production, in fact, been better than what you expected internally? And then at Valhall, can you just talk a little bit about confidence and the sustainability of some of the improvement, the uptime and reliability of that asset, just given its importance to your overall outlook?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Let me talk about Valhall first, and then I'll go to the Gulf of Mexico. So in Valhall, we've established regular executive level engagements with BP management all the way up to Bob Dudley. And we're actively progressing an agreed plan between our 2 companies. And we're encouraged by the progress that BP is making. In Q1, we saw 2 producers brought online following workovers, and facilities reliability has been considerably improved. So they've worked through a number of the issues. After the redevelopment start up, it was dragging the right reliability down. So we're cautiously optimistic that, that can be sustained, the higher reliability, because it's brand-new kit, it's brand-new equipment out on the platform. Regarding the Gulf of Mexico, the big increase, of course, quarter-on-quarter was at Llano followed by Conger. Now that was, if you recall, Shell had a pipeline go down for 22 days in December. That all came back in January. The Llano contributions actually from the Llano 4 well, that was brought on very late in November. So that's a sustainable volume going forward. And as we mentioned, Valhall was at 37. So that's good performance from Valhall as well.
Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Okay, great. And then I had a follow-up just on -- I just wanted to run through the 2Q production guidance again. I think you mentioned it would be flat effectively quarter-on-quarter. But you do have a pretty significant ramp-up in the Bakken at 15,000 barrels a day. I apologize if I missed this, but did you mention any major turnaround activity for 2Q that would be offsetting? Or is there just an element of conservatism embedded in the guidance?
John P. Rielly: Yes. So let me just kind of walk you through the math. Thanks for the question. So if you look at 297, which was the first quarter 2014 pro forma production, you can add about 18, which is Bakken and some minor growth in South Arne. And then you have to back off about 11,000 to 12,000 barrels a day due to the planned downtime in JDA. So we're taking that JDA facility down in June to do some tie-ins for the booster compression. So that's where you get the offset of the growth in the Bakken and the small amount in South Arne. And then there's some other very small differences. That gets you to around 300, which is the upper end of the guidance on the 2Q 2014 pro forma.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Roger Read from Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Yes. I guess could we talk a little bit more about the Utica just in terms of -- it's a reasonable increase, the number of wells. There've been a number of other players in this space taking write-downs and backing away. Could you just sort of walk us through what -- obviously, we have the details here in the presentation, but kind of walk us through what you're seeing terms of liquids production there. Are you seeing anything in the way of oil strictly condensate? And then the process of moving that out of there at this point.
John B. Hess: Yes. So let me just put some context on it first. So we're continuing to delineate the play and improve our understanding of our core JD [ph] acreage position. So we're very encouraged by our findings to date, which show that the majority of our -- that 43,000 core net acres that we have in the JD [ph] is located in the play's wet gas sweet spot. Now, recall we have a very high net revenue interest here, about 95%, which really turbocharges the economics. And that acreage is largely held pipe [ph] production are owned in fee. And so then if you look at where we're at in the appraisal process though, we've drilled to date, so this is an inception-to-date, we've drilled about 42 wells. However, we've only tested about 15 so far. So we're still pretty early. But the well results are very encouraging. And if you average all those well results in that kind of wet gas area, it's about 1,800 barrel equivalents per day, and it'll be liquids rates that we quoted in our remarks in the opening. So very high liquids rates, very good rates. So we remain encouraged.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of where the I guess the liquid, the condensate side of that is moving. I mean, I know it's not huge numbers just yet, but no, is it staying local or are you having to shift it somewhere else?
John B. Hess: Yes. No, I mean, it's being moved to various markets, right?
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then my last question on the exploration side or I guess now it's moved to appraisal in Ghana, got the appraisal wells. As I understood it from previous discussions, there may be some additional agreements to go with the Ghana government. Any update of where we are there or how should we think about the timeline of Ghana, assuming a reasonable success rate out of the appraisal program?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think as we said in our opening remarks, the rig is going to show up mid-May, and then we'll prosecute the appraisal program. So by year end, we should have a good understanding of what we have in the appraisal program in Ghana.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: And then beyond that, I mean, is it a negotiation with the Ghana government -- how should we think about the process working from that point?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, after that, you have to file a development plan with the government assuming that you go forward. And yes, there will be some negotiation in that development plan, but that would be the next step. So that would be a 2015 item that we'd get our development program through the government.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Paul Cheng from Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Maybe, to Greg, the first one on Ghana. You're talking about farmdown your partner going to pay a disproportion on the appraisal program. Can you give us some idea that what is up to?
Gregory P. Hill: We can't yet. That's confidential, commercially confidential with the partner.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I see. So you can't disclose who is the partner also I presume.
Gregory P. Hill: No, we can't, not yet.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Not yet. In the -- I think that when you're talking about Valhall for the full year, talking about 30, 35. Since the first quarter, you did 37. If that means that we have some major downtime in the second or third quarter? It doesn't look like it's second. So should we assume that third quarter, they're going to have some meaningful maintenance downtime?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. There will be some seasonal downtime in the North Sea every year in that third quarter. And then you'll have some normal decline at Valhall as well.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I see. And maybe this is for John Rielly. John, when I'm looking at the first quarter exploration expense, I know that this is close to impossible item to be really precisely predict. But should we view that as somewhat of a normalized run rate going forward because that is much lower than what we typically experience or that normally expected from the company over the last several years.
John P. Rielly: So in the first quarter, right, there was very limited dry hole expense in there. The only thing that was in there was the noncommercial portion of the Kurdistan well, the Triassic section. So there was only a $10 million dry hole in there. So from outside of that, you could call it typical type of run rate there, but we are drilling. There's going to be exploration drilling. It's continuing in Kurdistan. It's continuing in Ghana. So just like you said, Paul, it's very difficult to predict exactly what the expense is going to be. Clearly, our expenditures are staying around that $550 million level that we said for the full year, and it will just depend on the success of the wells.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And I think previously that the assumption is that you guys will decide on whether it's a spin or a sell sometime in the second quarter. Are we still looking at the same timeline or now that timeline may have changed a little bit?
John B. Hess: No, I think what we would rather do is we're well advanced in the divestiture process, and we'll make the announcement when we're ready to make the announcement.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And for -- 2 final question for John Rielly. On the -- when you're talking about the DD&A going up in the second quarter because of higher Bakken production, we look at it and ballpark estimate, it seems to suggest that the Bakken unit DD&A may be around in the $35 pass. Is that on the ballpark correct? So that we can use it to estimate in the future what should we assume the DD&A as Bakken production go up.
John P. Rielly: We haven't been specific on that, Paul, outside of saying that the Bakken DD&A is above our portfolio average, and it is a good bit above the portfolio average. So -- and just to remind you, our cash cost though on the Bakken, outside of like a quarter like this with the gas plant being down, its run rate for the cash costs are in line with our portfolio average or a little bit below. And so again, you've got to look at where we are in the process of developing the Bakken. Obviously, volumes are going to begin here to ramp up. So that volume ramp up will continue to lower our cash cost in the Bakken, as well as we continue to produce out and get more performance history in there, and our DD&A rates will come down over time as well.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Do you have any idea when that unit DD&A in Bakken will start to trend the other way going down?
John P. Rielly: It'll start just slowly each year. So starting in '15 and '16 again as we begin do that, it'll just start to slowly trend down, and you know where our Bakken D&C costs are getting to and the EURs on the wells. So ultimately, it'll track down to that with the inclusion of infrastructure costs.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, final one. On the gas plant, have you guys -- I mean, I presume you're saying that 70% of the gas is Hess operated, but that 30% is outside. So how the NGL extraction, the economic, is that based on a fee base or that you take the commodity risk by buying the gas and then you get whatever that you can sell for dry gas and NGL? Can you help us understand a little bit on the economic how that work?
John P. Rielly: Sure. So, I mean, again first, we'll do it from the Hess standpoint and then third party. So on the Hess standpoint, obviously, the economics are just taking the liquids out and getting better pricing for the liquids versus the gas or the wet gas running through the system. So that increases our economics, and you'll see the flow-through of that on our NGL production and the prices that we get. So you'll see that in the press release. As far as third party, when they're coming in, all contracts are different. And so you run on percentage of proceeds-type contracts where you'll get a certain portion of the liquids that come out that come to Hess that we then sell and get that revenue, not production, but we get that revenue associated with that. There are other contracts where some is percentage of proceeds, some is fractionation fees. So we'll get it up. You'll see that actually in our revenue line not in our production lines, but just our revenue line for E&P.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And as we're preparing this for a MLP listing next year, is it a -- any particular strategy from the management standpoint that whether you want to move your contract one way or the other to become more fee-based or that you're still okay with more on sort of the take on the commodity progress given that the 2 revenue streams have a very quite different on the multiple.
John P. Rielly: You are absolutely right, Paul. So the economics that I just talked about and the commodity exposure is what Hess will maintain and continue to maintain post an MLP-type transaction. The MLP revenue will be solely fee-based. So the MLP will charge. Even though the contracts will work for Hess, and Hess will maintain all the commodity exposure, the MLP will not have that commodity exposure. It will just be fee-based.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will come from the line of Paul Sankey from Wolfe Research.
Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: There's been a tremendous number of moving parts here. Could I just ask you, and forgive me if you've already said some of these things, but could you just repeat what your full year CapEx expectation is for 2014? And to any extent that you can look forward beyond 2014 as to what you think the run rate for the company will be, could you additionally talk about where you think the optimum level of leverage is in terms of debt, debt to capital, et cetera? Whether that's changed over time or whether there's a number that we can just think of? And then could you just talk a little bit about the mechanics of the buyback, which is to say, whether it's just a rated buyback, an opportunistic buyback, anything you could add.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So first with the E&P capital guidance, it is $5.8 billion. That is still the number. And obviously, we'll track it as we go throughout the year. I think the next thing you said -- asked was about our leverage or our debt cap type.
Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: Well, sorry to interrupt. I just wondered whether there was any sort of indication of what CapEx should be.
John P. Rielly: Sorry, Paul, yes. So on a go-forward basis, I mean, the guidance that we have been saying is that post 2014 with our capital expenditure profile, we will be free cash flow positive. So we really don't go out and give long-term guidance on where that capital level is, but it's going to be in a range like that of the $5.8 billion, but we're not going to be specific on that right now. The leverage target is not a change for us. The way we think about it is we want to maintain a solid investment-grade credit rating, and so any leverage metrics that we look at are to continue to achieve that solid investment grade, which is BBB+ at least. And then I think the last question...
Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: Dividend. And I guess I didn't throw in dividends, but I will now, so dividend and buyback. The buyback was just whether there's -- it's a rated kind of ongoing or on opportunistic-type approach. And then any comments you can make on where the dividend might go from here in terms of the big increase you had last year, and what you aspire to do with that going forward?
John P. Rielly: And so what we're going to continue as you've seen with our stock buyback, we have a disciplined approach to the buyback, and that is depending on market conditions. And we plan to continue that disciplined approach. I think as John Hess said earlier, we will update post the announcement of the retail transaction, whether it's a spin or it's a sale on where our authorization is for the stock buyback. So we're going to continue that way. And then as far as dividends go, as you know, we did increase the dividend last year. And John had mentioned that as we look at our free cash flow going forward and we have excess free cash flow as production increases, we will be looking at additional current returns to shareholders at that time.
Paul I. Sankey - Wolfe Research, LLC: Great. And then another long-term one, and I'll leave it there. You've learned a lot obviously from a very aggressive process of restructuring. Are we now looking at a terminal point for Hess? Do you have an idea of what the optimal balance of the assets and overall company will be or can we see this as an ongoing under revision-type process?
John B. Hess: As you know, Paul, with the completion of our Thailand sale, we've pretty much completed our portfolio restructuring that we announced a year ago on March 4. Retail and Hetco are the only 2 remaining for this year, and they're well underway. Obviously, let's not forget the Bakken infrastructure. That will be a monetization event next year above and beyond anything that we're doing this year. But with the transformation to a pure-play E&P substantially completed, our focus going forward is going to be on operations, driving our lower-risk cash-generative growth and sustainable returns from our portfolio. And any further portfolio reshaping would just be part of the normal course of business operations.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jeffrey Campbell [ph].
Unknown Analyst: I wanted to ask you going back to the Bakken and the stack test that you're doing, do you model the Three Forks as 4 discrete zones as do some producers in the play or do you think of it in another way? And having said that, what portion of the Three Forks are you landing in the stack zone tests that are upcoming?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So we have put wells in the second bench of the Three Forks, as well as the first bench of the Three Forks. So we do see some -- we do see some potential in the deeper benches of the Three Forks. Now as I've said before, ultimately, the decisions kind of come down to economics. So does the incremental recovery from putting a well in each bench justify the cost of doing that well? Or can a single well access the majority of the reserves anyway? So that's really going to be the question that we're doing. So we're planning our test to help us answer that question. Regarding the Three Forks in general, we estimate that 60% to 65% of our acreage, core acres will be perspective for the Three Forks.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, great. That's helpful. Turning to the Utica quickly. Just I looked at the first quarter '14 well announcement from your partner, and I was just wondering bearing in mind that these wells are line constrained, do you -- would you qualify the performance of the first quarter '14 wells as on average with your other wells that you've published results on accounting of line constraint?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, again, I think we're continuing to delineate the play, and it wouldn't -- I wouldn't want to say that those wells were the same as other wells. Because again in our delineation, we're finding some variation in those well rates. And so no, I wouldn't say those are typical results.
Unknown Analyst: Okay. And the last one that I'll -- well, actually, I wanted to ask one of you a quick question quickly. Can you give us any idea of what your current well costs are and what those might look like a year from now?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, so the -- we're still in the appraisal mode. Therefore, the cost of our wells are still pretty high as we're gathering extensive core log and technical data and plus, we continue to experiment with lateral lengths, stage counts and frac size to really try and figure out what is the optimum development plan here. But what I will say is over the past 12 months, we've achieved about a 50% reduction in per foot drilling costs and a 30% reduction in per stage completion costs. So on a per foot and per stage basis, we're seeing the same things happen that happened in the Bakken as we gain efficiencies in our drilling and completion cost, and we expect that trend will continue.
Unknown Analyst: And those efficiencies that you're getting, are you already drilling on pads or are these still standalone wells as you're seeing these efficiencies on?
Gregory P. Hill: We are. We're drilling on some pads. We've got 3 rigs operating, and some of those are on pads.
Unknown Analyst: So is it fair to qualify the reductions that you just identified as being somewhat pad-related? Or is it -- should we think of it another way at this point?
Gregory P. Hill: No, it's both pad related and efficiency related.
Unknown Analyst: Okay, great. And the last question I want to ask was a little bit more high level. As you're preparing to examine the production and continue drilling in Kurdistan, what's your current take of the progression to be able to export Kurdistan product over the next 12 to 18 months?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think we're continuing to develop our commercial strategy on Kurdistan as we speak.
John B. Hess: Greg and I were in Kurdistan about a month ago, and leave it to the Kurdish government to give you updates on their export plans. But the physical capacity is there to export to Turkey, and we're pretty confident that if we have a commercial discovery that can be developed, we'll be in a position to be able to export the oil.
Operator: And our final question will come from the line of Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: First, back to the Utica. You've been saying over the past year that the earliest full-scale development could begin is the first half of 2015. Any changes to that timetable?
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think that's our strategy now is to figure out what the full-scale development plan will be in 2015. And that's why we're still experimenting a lot with lateral lengths and frac stages and profit loading and all those things you do to try and figure out what the optimum is.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on exploration expense, I mean, obviously, you can't really guide to it. But in Q1, the $119 million was the lowest quarterly number in 3, 4 years minimum. That's not going to be the norm going forward, that run rate is it?
John P. Rielly: No. I had mentioned it earlier. It's because we had a very limited dry hole expense in there. The only -- it was about $10 million related to the lower Triassic section of the Kurdistan well. And so that's the only dry hole expense in there. We obviously are drilling in Kurdistan, and the next well is about to spud. And then we've got drilling in Ghana. So it's very difficult to predict, but yes, it should be higher.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. That concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-01-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory P. Hill - President of Worldwide Exploration & Production and Executive Vice President John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John T. Malone - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2013 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Allison, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. And I'd now like to turn the conference over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Allison. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President and Chief Operating Officer; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and thank you to everyone for joining our fourth quarter conference call. Greg Hill and John Rielly are also here today. And after some prepared remarks, as usual, we will take your questions. Over the last several months, I have met with many of you in person to share our enthusiasm about the prospects for our company in 2014 and beyond. This coming year will be one in which the company and its shareholders will continue to benefit from execution around our focused portfolio of lower-risk, higher-growth assets. We are confident that our initiatives have successfully positioned the company to achieve 5% to 8% compound average annual production growth through 2017 from 2012 pro forma. Importantly, we have the financial flexibility to fund this long-term cash-generative growth, while also delivering strong, sustainable returns for our shareholders. Before I expand on 2014, let me recap some key headlines from our earnings release and summarize our major accomplishments from 2013. First, 2013 adjusted earnings were $1.9 billion and cash flow from operations before changes in working capital was $5.55 billion. Compared to 2012, our results were positively impacted by higher realized selling prices, which offset lower production that was largely as a result of asset sales and the shut-in of Libyan production. Second, in 2013, production averaged 336,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day or 270,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day on a pro forma basis, excluding divestitures and Libya. In 2014, we forecast production to average between 305,000 and 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding Libya. Third, in 2013, we replaced 118% of production at an FD&A cost of approximately $41.50 per barrel of oil equivalent. At year end, our proved reserves stood at 1.437 billion barrels of oil equivalent and our reserve life was 11.5 years. On a pro forma basis, our 2013 reserve replacement ratio would have been 148% and our FD&A cost would have been $36 per barrel of oil equivalent. Pro forma year end reserves were 1.362 billion barrels of oil equivalent and our reserve life was 12.8 years. Now let's turn to the Bakken. Last year was an especially important one for us, as we really began to capitalize on our position as one of the 2 largest oil and gas producers in the play. Net production averaged 67,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 20% year-over-year. And as Greg will discuss in more detail, we increased production while simultaneously lowering drilling and completion costs to $7.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to $9 million in the year-ago quarter. To put this in perspective, we achieved this production increase even though we transitioned to pad drilling and experienced required shut-ins as a result of the expansion of the Tioga Gas Plant. Since the start of 2012, 1/3 of the top 50 wells drilled in the Bakken in North Dakota, in terms of 90-day initial production rate, were operated by Hess. We have an outstanding team operating in the Bakken, and they're doing all the right things to capture the tremendous investment opportunity there as we continue to drive down well costs, increase production and maximize returns. Turning to our other accomplishments in 2013. As everyone knows, we announced in March a detailed plan to: one, complete our transformation into a pure-play E&P company with increased production visibility and lower risk; two, fully exit the downstream; three, strengthen financial flexibility to fund growth; and four, increase current returns to shareholders. By any measure, our progress has been remarkable. Specifically, with respect to our announced divestiture program, we generated $7.8 billion in total proceeds from asset sales completed and announced in 2013. Consistent with our March announcement, initial proceeds were used to pay down $2.4 billion of short-term debt, fund a cash flow deficit over $1 billion in 2013 and to add approximately $1 billion of cash to the balance sheet as a cushion against future commodity price volatility. Excess proceeds from our asset sales allowed us to begin a share repurchase program in August of up to $4 billion. To date, we have purchased $1.9 billion of our stock, reducing fully diluted outstanding shares by approximately 6.5%. This share repurchase program is ongoing. We also raised our annual dividend by 150% to $1 per share in September. With respect to those divestitures still in progress, in terms of Hess Retail, late last year, we received a favorable private letter ruling from the IRS permitting Hess Corporation to spin the Hess Retail tax free to its shareholders. On January 8, Hess filed a Form 10 with the SEC in anticipation of completing the spin in mid-2014. A parallel third-party sales process has also been initiated and is currently ongoing to determine which alternative maximizes value for shareholders. In addition, the sale of our Thailand assets is well advanced, and we expect to be able to make an announcement early this year. The divestment of our interest in our energy trading joint venture, Hetco, is also ongoing, and we anticipate the conclusion of this process later in 2014. Additionally, we are working aggressively to structure our Bakken midstream assets in a way that would allow monetization without the loss of operating control, most likely through an MLP vehicle. We expect this event to occur no later than 2015, and we'll give further updates as appropriate. Looking to 2014 and beyond, as I have already noted, we are well positioned to achieve these 2 goals: First, deliver compound average annual production growth of 5% to 8% from pro forma 2012 over a 5-year period; and second, be free cash flow positive post-2014 based on $100 Brent. Our high visibility production growth is underpinned in the near term by assets with relatively low execution risk, by the highest leverage to oil prices in our peer group and by industry-leading cash margins. These assets include the Bakken in North Dakota, Tubular Bells in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Valhall in Norway. In the outer years, we will benefit from our exciting North Malay Basin project in Malaysia and the emerging Utica Shale play in Ohio. I have already talked a little bit about the Bakken, but it bears repeating. Hess is one of the 2 largest oil and gas producers with some of the best acreage in arguably the best shale oil play in the world. Our wells there are among the lowest cost and most productive in the region; and as a result, are generating some of the highest rates of return. In 2014, we plan to increase our rig count to 17 from 14 and expect net production from the Bakken to average between 80,000 and 90,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Based upon the strong production performance of our Bakken and Three Forks wells over the past year, we are increasing our production guidance to a peak of net 150,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2018 from our prior guidance of net 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016. In addition, we are increasing the number of future well locations from 1,800 to 2,400 and also our estimate of recoverable resources from 1 billion to 1.2 billion barrels of oil equivalent. During 2014, we will also be running production tests using tighter spacing pilots. This will allow us to determine whether there is additional upside in our estimates for future production and resources. Greg will talk more about this later. Turning to the offshore. In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we are advancing our Tubular Bells project with our partner, Chevron. Hess has a 57% interest in the project and is the operator. Production is planned to commence in the third quarter of 2014 at a net rate of 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Recent drilling results are encouraging and indicate potential upside in both production and reserves. Moving to Norway. The Valhall Field is a long life material resource that generates significant free cash flow, and we think it still has untapped potential in terms of unbooked resources and production growth. The redevelopment project that was completed early last year extended field life by 40 years, and the operator plans to bring 3 new wells online this year. For 2014, we forecast net production to average between 3 -- 30,000 and 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an increase from 23,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2013, while we continue to work closely with the operator to maximize production. Greg and I were in Malaysia earlier this month, and we are very enthusiastic about the long-term potential of our position in the Gulf of Thailand. Our natural gas assets there are long life, low risk and low cost, with oil-linked pricing and exploratory upside and will be significant cash generators for the next 2 decades. Combining our expected North Malay Basin production with that already coming from the JDA, we anticipate that by 2017 our Gulf of Thailand assets will produce an average of approximately 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the next 2 decades compared to 46,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2013. Coming back to U.S. onshore. There's also considerable promise in the emerging Utica Shale where we have concentrated our position in the sweet spot of the play and have a successful joint venture with CONSOL. We drilled 29 wells last year and expect to drill another 35 wells in 2014. We are encouraged by the potential of our holdings in the wet gas window and anticipate returns comparable to those that we see in the Bakken, in part due to our acreage having high net revenue interest. As you have likely seen, we announced about a half hour ago, the sale of approximately 74,000 acres of our Utica dry -- Utica Shale dry gas acreage to an undisclosed third party for $924 million. Total proceeds from the sale will be used for additional share repurchases as they are in excess of those associated with a divestiture program announced by the company on March 4 of last year. We will determine whether or not to seek an increase to our existing $4 billion share repurchase authorization, which was approved as part of our March 4 announcement after a final decision is made, either to spin or sell Hess Retail. John Rielly will provide more detail in a few minutes. This divestiture is a perfect example of a point I have made many times before. Portfolio reshaping is part of the ongoing nature of the oil and gas business and fundamental to our strategy for growing long-term shareholder value. In this case, while our wells in the dry gas portion of the Utica were highly productive, we concluded that the potential returns from such an investment at current and projected natural gas prices no longer justified retaining this acreage as a strategic part of our overall liquids based asset portfolio. In summary, we are doing what we set out to do and more, as we continue to transform Hess into a pure-play E&P company. I am immensely proud of each and every member of our team for their combined contributions to our tremendous progress. I also want to thank our Board of Directors for their engaged counsel and their unanimous support of our strategy. The bottom line: 2013 was an outstanding year for our company and our shareholders. We look forward to carrying this momentum in 2014 to drive growth, enhance returns and create long-term value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. I would like to provide an operational update on our progress in 2013 and the plan for 2014. Starting with production. In the fourth quarter, we averaged 307,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This included the shut-in of some 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of Hess production in the Gulf of Mexico as a consequence of Shell's unplanned shutdown of its Auger pipeline for repair on December 18. Production was restored on January 10. Overall, in 2013, we achieved an average of 336,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Looking forward, in 2014, we forecast production to average between 305,000 and 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which, as John mentioned, assumes our Libya production which has net capacity of approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, remains shut in for the full year as a result of civil unrest. We forecast production in the first quarter of 2014 to average between 275,000 and 285,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, reflecting both the previously mentioned unplanned downtime in the Gulf of Mexico and the planned downtime associated with the Tioga Gas Plant expansion in North Dakota. Beginning in the second quarter, production is expected to build throughout 2014 as a result of the Tioga Gas Plant expansion, steady production growth in the Bakken and the startup of the Tubular Bells field in the third quarter. Moving to the Bakken. Fourth quarter 2013 production averaged 68,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. And as John mentioned, full year 2013 production averaged 67,000 barrels per day, well within our guidance range of 64,000 to 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In 2014, net production from the Bakken is expected to increase to between 80,000 and 90,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Net production is expected to average in the range of 65,000 to 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter of 2014, reflecting the previously announced downtime associated with the expansion of the Tioga Gas Plant. Once the plant is fully onstream, we expect production to be reestablished at more than 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and thereafter, steadily ramp up throughout the balance of the year. Looking forward, we now see Bakken production increasing to 125,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2016 and then to 150,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2018. This increase is based on continued strong well performance in both the Middle Bakken and Three Forks, as well as the success of our development spacing based on 5 Middle Bakken wells and 4 Three Forks wells per 1,280 acre drilling spacing unit, or DSU. As we mentioned on our last quarterly call, we intend to construct 17 well pads that will test infilling down to 7 Middle Bakken wells and 6 Three Forks wells per DSU. In addition, we are also constructing 2 well pads that will test infill down to 9 wells in the Middle Bakken and 8 in the Three Forks per DSU. If this tighter spacing validates the results of our reservoir simulations, our longer-term guidance of 150,000 barrels per day, our number of economic drilling locations and our recoverable resource will likely increase. In summary, the Bakken has gotten bigger and better as we have continued to delineate our acreage and optimize our development. Our continued focus on applying lean manufacturing practices to our operations enabled us to drive our drilling and completion costs down by more than 15% over the course of last year from $9 million per well in the fourth quarter of 2012 to $7.6 million in the fourth quarter of 2013. Even though we plan to increase our number of frac stages from 30 to 35 in 2014, we believe we can still achieve further reductions in drilling and completion costs in 2014. Our 2014 capital budget for the Bakken is $2.2 billion, which is level with last year. As John mentioned, although spending is expected to be comparable to 2013, as a result of lower infrastructure spend and continued reduction in drilling and completion costs, our activity level in terms of rig count and wells will be much higher. We expect to operate a 17-rig program in 2014, up from 14 last year; and to bring 225 new wells online compared to 168 last year. Current plans are to increase the rig count to 20 for mid-2015 forward. However, the results of the tighter spacing drilling in 2014 may result in even higher long-term rig counts. Our 30-day initial production rates have averaged between 750 to 900 barrels of oil equivalent per day or approximately 15% to 20% above the industry average. Our estimate of the ultimate recovery per well remains between 550,000 and 650,000 barrels of oil equivalent, demonstrating further the high quality of our Bakken acreage. With regard to our Bakken infrastructure, unseasonably cold weather conditions caused the startup of our Tioga Gas Plant to slip by about 1 month. The plant is 100% mechanically complete, and we are now in the process of commissioning the plant and expect to commence gas sales late February and extraction and sale of natural gas liquids in March. Turning to the Utica. Our 2013 activities materially improved our understanding of the play. During 2013, we drilled a total of 29 wells, completed 24 and tested 17 across the corporation's 100% owned and JV acreage with CONSOL. We are very encouraged by well results to date, with rates in the wet gas window averaging over 2,200 barrels of oil equivalent per day with 47% liquids based on 24-hour tests. As we announced today, we sold 74,000 acres of dry gas window that did not meet our investment return thresholds. We are fully retaining our 42,000 acre net position in the wet gas window, and we'll focus our efforts there going forward. This acreage provides for strong returns on investment comparable to those of the Bakken, as a consequence of strong liquids-rich well rates and an average net revenue interest of 96%. Of our 2014 Utica budget of $550 million, some $320 million is dedicated to drilling and completing 32 wells in the wet gas window. A further $50 million is allocated to drill 4 wells in the dry gas window as per our agreement with a third party in order to hold acreage. The balance includes capital for acreage acquisition to build out our DSUs and preconstruction of well facilities and pads in preparation for 2015 drilling. Drilling and completion costs in the Utica are down some 35% in 2013 versus 2012, as we have begun to apply the same lean manufacturing approaches that we used in the Bakken. However, we are still very much in the appraisal phase in the Utica, and our current drilling and completion cost of approximately $12 million includes extensive logging and coring, which is providing the data required to optimize the ultimate development of our acreage. As we move into development mode, we expect drilling and completion costs will be substantially reduced. In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we continue to advance our Tubular Bells project, which Hess has a 50% interest and is the operator. The hole is complete, and we expect sail away within the next several weeks as soon as the heavy lift vessel is available after completing work for another operator in the Gulf. The topsides are now 95% complete, and sail away is planned for late February. Based on the better-than-prognosed results from the first 3 producing wells, a fourth producer will be drilled and completed by early 2015. First production is on schedule for the third quarter of 2014 in a net rate of approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Moving to the Valhall Field in Norway, in which Hess has a 64% interest. The field's redevelopment project was completed in the first quarter of last year. Net production averaged 37,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the fourth quarter and 23,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day for the full year 2013. In 2014, we expect Valhall net production to average between 30,000 and 35,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and to reach 40,000 to 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by 2017. The majority of the activities going forward at Valhall will focus on development drilling to fully utilize platform capacity and also implementation of a plan agreed with the operator, BP, to improve operating performance at the field. In the Gulf of Thailand, we commenced production in October 2013 at the North Malay Basin project, in which Hess has a 50% interest and is the operator. Deliverability from the 5 early production wells is fully on target, and we expect net production to average approximately 40 million cubic feet per day through 2016. Full field development is progressing according to an aggressive schedule for first gas in late 2016, resulting in net production increasing to 165 million cubic feet per day in 2017 and contributing material cash flow through to the end of the current production-sharing contract in 2033. Early evidence from new 3D seismic shot in 2013 indicates significant volumetric upside. We plan to start a 6-well exploration campaign in late 2014 to further assess this potential. Regarding exploration, in the Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points South Block in Ghana, where Hess has a 90% working interest and is the operator, we have received the necessary approvals to begin a 3-well appraisal drilling program in the second half of 2014. Partnering negotiations to reduce our financial exposure are well advanced. In Kurdistan, our first exploration well, Shakrok-1, has drilled through its Jurassic target and an extensive set of well logging runs and coring has been completed. It will now be drilled on through the Triassic to its target depth after which, we intend to conduct production testing. In addition, we plan to spud a well on the Dinarta block in March. Hess has an 80% paying interest, 64% working interest in these blocks and is the operator. In closing, 2013 was a year of exceptional execution and delivery on all fronts, which is a tribute to the outstanding people of Hess. 2014 promises to be an exciting year with significant new volume growth in the Bakken and Tubular Bells and delineating material resource potential in North Malay Basin, Ghana and Kurdistan. I will now hand the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the fourth quarter of 2013 to the third quarter of 2013. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $1,925,000,000 in the fourth quarter of 2013 compared with $420 million in the third quarter of 2013. Adjusted earnings, which exclude items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, were $319 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 and $405 million in the previous quarter. As Greg previously mentioned, subsequent to our interim update, a third-party operated pipeline in the Gulf of Mexico was shut down on December 18, which reduced our production and impacted fourth quarter net income by an estimated $20 million. Turning to Exploration and Production. E&P income in the fourth quarter of 2013 was $1,029,000,000 and $455 million in the third quarter. E&P adjusted earnings were $436 million in the fourth quarter and $458 million in the previous quarter. Adjusted fourth quarter earnings were impacted by unplanned maintenance in the Gulf of Mexico in October and December, the planned shutdown of the Tioga Gas Plant and lower realized U.S. crude oil prices. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted earnings for E&P between the third and fourth quarter were as follows: Changes in realized selling prices decreased earnings by $34 million. Higher unit costs decreased earnings by $25 million. Higher sales volumes increased earnings by $25 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $12 million, for an overall decrease in fourth quarter adjusted earnings of $22 million. Our E&P operations were over-lifted compared with production by approximately 500,000 barrels of crude oil in the fourth quarter, resulting in increased after-tax income of approximately $8 million. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability of earnings, was 38% for the fourth quarter and 45% in the third quarter of 2013. The lower rate in the fourth quarter reflects the impact of shut-in Libyan production, which has a high effective tax rate. In December, Denmark enacted a new hydrocarbon tax law that has resulted in a combination of changes to tax rates, revisions to the amount of uplifts allowed on capital expenditures and special transition rules. These changes will result in a higher effective tax rate, but cash taxes for this hydrocarbon tax are deferred until 2018, due to the uplifts allowed on future capital expenditures and the existence of net operating loss carryforwards. As a consequence of the tax law change, the corporation recorded a deferred tax asset of $674 million. In addition, the Exploration and Production results for the fourth quarter included the following additional items affecting comparability of earnings: The sales of our Indonesian assets increased net income by $156 million. The write-off of previously capitalized exploration wells in Area 54 offshore Libya decreased net income by $163 million. The write-off of our leasehold acreage in the Marcellus decreased net income by $23 million. Employee severance and other exit costs, including an income tax charge relating to the repatriation of foreign earnings, reduced net income by $51 million. Turning to corporate and interest. Corporate and interest expenses after income taxes were $115 million in the fourth quarter of 2013 and $89 million in the third quarter. Adjusted corporate and interest expenses were $108 million in the fourth quarter and $84 million in the previous quarter. The increased costs in the fourth quarter were a result of higher professional fees, increased letter of credit and bank fees and lower capitalized interest. Turning to downstream. Earnings from the downstream businesses were $1,011,000,000 in the fourth quarter of 2013 compared with $54 million in the third quarter. Fourth quarter results included after-tax gains totaling $995 million related to the sales of our Energy Marketing and terminal network businesses. Fourth quarter results also included after-tax income of $134 million from the partial liquidation of LIFO inventories, partly offset by after-tax charges totaling $109 million for severance and other exit costs, including an income tax adjustment. We had an adjusted loss of $9 million in the fourth quarter compared to adjusted earnings of $31 million in the third quarter. The decrease in the fourth quarter earnings was primarily due to the wind down of operations associated with divesting our downstream businesses. You may have seen in our earnings release that we have reported retail marketing and our energy trading joint venture as part of continuing operations, which is due to the potential spin-off of retail marketing and the lengthy marketing processes. These businesses will be reclassified as discontinued operations when they are divested. As a reminder, we have included pro forma E&P results in our supplemental earnings presentation on our website to assist in your understanding of our results as a pure-play E&P company. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter, including an increase of $389 million from changes in working capital, was $1,550,000,000. Net proceeds from asset sales were $2,870,000,000. Capital expenditures were $1,421,000,000. Common stock acquired and retired amounted to $993 million. Net repayments of debt were $416 million. Common stock dividends paid were $81 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $16 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $1,493,000,000. During the fourth quarter, we purchased approximately 12.8 million shares of common stock, bringing total 2013 purchases to approximately 19.3 million shares of common stock at a cost of approximately $1.54 billion or $79.65 per share. We've continued to buy our common stock in 2014. And as of January 27, total program-to-date purchases were 23.5 million shares at a cost of $1.87 billion or $79.55 per share. We had $1.8 billion of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2013, which is up from $649 million at the end of last year. Total debt was $5.8 billion at December 31, 2013, down from $8.1 billion at December 31, 2012. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at December 31, 2013, was 19%, which was improved from 27.7% at the end of 2012. As John has mentioned, the corporation reached agreement today to sell approximately 74,000 acres of its dry gas position in the Utica Shale for $924 million. Approximately 2/3 of the proceeds are expected to be received at the end of the first quarter, with the balance to be received in the third quarter. The proceeds from this asset sale will be used for share repurchases. The corporation will determine whether to seek an increase to its existing authorized $4 billion share repurchase program after a final decision is made to either spin or sell retail marketing. If retail is spun off to shareholders, the Utica proceeds will be used towards the $4 billion repurchase program. If retail is sold, we expect to seek board approval to increase the authorized share repurchases. Turning to 2014 guidance. In addition to the production and capital expenditure guidance provided for E&P by John and Greg, I would like to provide estimates for certain 2014 metrics based on our expected production range of 305,000 to 315,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which assumes no contribution from Libya. For the full year 2014, E&P cash costs are expected to be in the range of $20.50 to $21.50 per barrel, which is down approximately $3 per barrel from 2013 pro forma cash cost, excluding Libya. This improvement is due to a combination of cost savings and increased production volumes, and the decrease will improve our portfolio's already strong cash margin per BOE. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses are expected to be in the range of $29 to $30 per BOE, reflecting greater contributions from Bakken and Valhall, which both have higher DD&A rates than the portfolio average. Total production unit cost for 2014 are estimated to be $49.50 to $51.50 per barrel, which compares to 2013 pro forma unit cost, excluding Libya, of approximately $50 per barrel. For the full year 2014, the E&P effective tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, is expected to be in the range of 37% to 41%. The corporation has hedged 25,000 barrels per day of Brent crude oil production for the calendar year 2014 at an average price of $109.12 per barrel. Corporate expenses in 2014 are estimated to be in the range of $125 million to $135 million after taxes, down from adjusted expenses of $161 million in 2013. We expect our 2014 after-tax interest expense to be in the range of $225 million to $235 million, down from $255 million in 2013. As previously guided, our cash flow deficit will be reduced in 2014. Looking forward, we expect our continued production growth in the Bakken, Valhall and Tubular Bells to generate free cash flow post-2014 at $100 Brent prices. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: My first question is on the '14 production guidance. I know you provided it many ways with different time periods, which is helpful. Yet the clean number x asset sales, x Libya is up 40,000 barrels a day equivalent to 15% for 2014. Can you break that down, the buildup of that 40,000 barrel a day growth? I know you gave the Bakken number, but I didn't -- I don't know if I heard what the year-on-year for Valhall, North Malay and then what you're assuming the ramp in -- of -- in the Gulf of Mexico.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think -- yes, thanks, Evan. So I guess, the easiest way to start is with the clean kind of pro forma number for 2013, which is 270,000 barrels a day. And then you add back on to that about 50,000 barrels a day of growth. Obviously, the 2 big contributors there are the Bakken, which is a full year ramp and the T-Bells in the Gulf of Mexico. There are smaller effects due to Valhall and North Malay and also the Utica. So that gets you to 320,000 barrels a day. And then back off about 10,000 for natural field declines and contingency, and that gets you to the mid-point of 310,000.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, I think I got that. And then the -- and for the first quarter guidance, at 275,000, is that x Thailand? Or if the one asset, that you're guiding it without Thailand or with Thailand?
John P. Rielly: Yes. So we're guiding -- all our guidance is pro forma, so that's without Thailand. So if you look at our fourth quarter actually, so the 307,000 and you pulled out and did that on a pro forma basis, it would be 277,000 in the fourth quarter. Basically 15 from Indonesia and 15 from Thailand.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. Let me -- again, last question and I'll pass it off, maybe a question from a little bit from left field. But given how wide Gulf Coast differentials were in the fourth quarter of 2013 and market debate on what that might look like on a go-forward basis, I mean, do you see any opportunity to potentially monetize your HOVENSA interests? I mean, I know it's Jones Act exempt and I know that you've got a big cat cracker there. I think you conceivably run that refinery profitability if light discounts were wide enough. I mean, any thoughts around that asset?
John B. Hess: Yes. We and our partners, PDVSA, are in the market looking to see if we might be able to monetize the asset. So a sales process has begun in coordination with the Virgin Island government.
Operator: And your next question comes from Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So a couple of questions for me, please. On the buyback, John Rielly, I guess, you've been pretty clear about you're going to wait on -- to see what happens over the next couple of months with retail. But can you update us, please, on what cash have you received since the end of the year? And where are you on the work-down of the terminals working capital? And if I may just layer on another one same kind of question. What are your intentions if you do spin retail in terms of putting debt on there as a potential contributor to the buyback as well? And I've got a follow-up, please.
John P. Rielly: Sure, I think I have them all, Doug. So since the end of 2013, what we've received as far as asset sales is the Pangkah deal. So the Pangkah deal has closed. So we have the $650 million from that asset sale we've received. As far as the liquidation of inventories from our downstream side of the business, we still have approximately $200 million worth of inventory to liquidate, which we see getting -- doing that kind of throughout the first quarter. So that is also coming. As far as the debt on any potential spin, it's premature for us to talk about it at this point. But, I mean, you could look at that from a capital structure, it won't be different, really, from any of the retail industry peers that you see out there. But at this point, it's a little premature for us to discuss.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So would you plan on dividending that back to the parent, John?
John P. Rielly: So at this point, Doug, we're still in the marketing process. And so we will ultimately get to the capital structure if we do spin retail. But we're going to leave that discussion till later.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. My 2 quick follow-ups, please. John, can you confirm still that you are not paying cash taxes in the U.S.? And if you could confirm again your latest thinking on when you might be paying cash taxes in Norway, and I've got one final one, please.
John P. Rielly: Yes. So, Doug, to your question, I mean, due to our really significant investment in previous years in the United States and in Norway, if I can add it that way, and our continuing significant investments in the U.S. and in Norway, we right now do not see us paying cash taxes in the U.S. or Norway basically through that 2017 guidance that we have given out. So right now, it's extending out beyond 2017.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And my final one is again, I guess, it's a bit like Evan's. It's a bit of an outfield question. But there's been a lot of chatter about rail safety in the Bakken. You guys were early. You and your cars, obviously, it's been a big benefit to you in terms of getting coastal pricing. But can you talk about where your -- the quality of your rail assets as it relates to safety standards and any concerns we should have there about any potential disruption to your coastal pricing? And I'll leave it there.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Okay, great. Thanks, Doug. Yes, well, first of all, safety is obviously important in everything we do at Hess. And our railcars meet the highest standards of the day for specs and maintenance. We built the cars nearly 2 years ago. We worked with the railroad companies and industry experts to design our state-of-the-art railcars to a new standard that's commonly referred to as the petition 1517, 77 design. Now these cars were precisely designed to safely transport Bakken crude grades. And as such, they're equipped with enhanced features and include thicker steel, double-hull bottom, half-head shields, top fittings protection and a reclosing pressure relief device. So they're truly state-of-the-art railcars. Our experience is that rail company operators are equally focused on safety, just as we are. So I think as rail increases in the country and accidents inevitably happen, it's real important to have a regular dialogue between our industry and the rail operators and the government to ensure the overall integrity of these systems. But again, our cars are of the new and of the highest standards available in the rail industry.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Terreson of ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: In Europe, your comments indicate that Valhall seemed to be moving in a better direction, and you spent a minute talking about the development drilling program. And so my question was while that seems to be the primary initiative for improved output and recovery, but is there other factors that could be at work that should -- or that could enhance performance in this area as well? Maybe if you could just kind of provide an update on the plan there? And then also, were the higher depreciation and tax rates on this field the primary driver behind the change in international E&P profitability between the first and the second half? And I know that there were a lot of moving parts, but would that be the first place to start?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Let me start with Valhall. As we've said before, we're implementing a plan with BP to improve performance on Valhall. Our ultimate objective, as well as the operators, is to fill up that capacity at Valhall. There's a number of drilling locations. There's a lot of upside in reserves. It's really going to be key to get our well costs down. So a big effort is going to be on reducing the well costs. Obviously, that will increase the number of drillable locations as you go forward, then also the other factors just to improve the overall operability of the asset, keep your availability and reliability high. So those are the 2 major areas that we're focused on.
John P. Rielly: And then, Doug, to the discussion regarding Valhall and its contribution to the higher DD&A and the higher tax rate, you are correct. So Valhall does have a higher DD&A rate. So as the production is ramped up, that has increased the DD&A rate. And all in, we are still have to record from a book standpoint. So deferred taxes are being recorded at the high statutory rate. They're statutory rate is 78%. So you have the high deferred taxes there. But as I mentioned earlier, so you have higher DD&A and you have that higher tax rate due to deferred taxes, Valhall's cash margin per BOE is significantly higher than our portfolio average on a cash margin basis. So Valhall is contributing very good cash flow to us; and over this period to 2017, significant free cash flow.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just on Tioga. When you're thinking about trying to -- so you went down the MLP process, how many quarters of sort of operations do you think you need before you can actually either sell or launch an MLP?
John P. Rielly: Yes. I mean, it's a good point. It's one of the key drivers that we have kind of on the timing of the monetization. So we do believe we need -- I'm going to say at least several months' worth of operating performance on the Tioga Gas Plant. I mean, the other things just in general that we have going on is there's extensive financial, tax and legal preparation work that needs to be completed and is ongoing, the Tioga Gas Plant, as you mentioned. The other thing, which is important, though, the third kind of key driver is we need the results of the tighter down spacing pilots that Greg spoke about earlier. And we want that prior to a monetization event to ensure we maximize shareholder value. So with all those 3 things going on as, John has said earlier, we are aggressively working this monetization, and it will be done by 2015.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful color on what the -- what you need to get through beforehand. And then on the retail spin, and I forget -- I apologize if you have said this before. But on a third-party sale, would there be tax, I mean, as opposed to the tax-free spin that you might be able to do with the private letter ruling?
John P. Rielly: So, I mean, there will be -- it will be a taxable transaction. And so yes, there will be taxes associated with the sale. Now again, you do have a timing of the cash tax payments, but there is -- that would be a taxable sale.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right, and then a follow-up on rail. I mean, obviously, the new cars are much better than the old cars. I don't know, I mean, I was -- I've been kind of recently heard on the radio that maybe some of the new cars had also blown up at the tragedy at Mgantic. Have you sort of done any work on how safe these new cars are relative to some of the news flow that we're seeing on disruptions on rail?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we have. And first of all, the cars that were involved in the explosion were the old design. We know that. Those were the 111 cars. So that's just a rumor. But we -- again, these cars, we worked for over a year with railroad companies and industry experts to really design the safest car we could to transport Bakken crude. So we feel like we are running the safest -- one of the safest fleets in the industry.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I mean, some were worried that you'd have to strip out additional light ends or something before loading the rail. But you feel you don't have to with the quality that you're loading.
Gregory P. Hill: No I don't think so.
Operator: Your next question comes from John Malone of Mizuho Securities.
John T. Malone - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Yes. John, just wanted to clarify something. Your Bakken guidance increase and your resource upgrade, that is driven still in kind of 9 well per section plan? So you haven't really baked in the upside from a 7, 6 or a 9, 8 configuration into those numbers?
Gregory P. Hill: No, John, we haven't. So you're exactly right. That's based on a 5 and 4 configuration. And as I said in my opening remarks and John mentioned, here, we're going to put in these close space pilots next year, 17 well pads on the 7 and 6, 2 well pads on a 9 and 8. And depending upon the results of that, that could lead to further upside potential in the Bakken.
John T. Malone - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: When do you think you'll crunch those numbers? You just mentioned the fact that the 2015 plan for monetization in midstream, you'd have to have those data included. Do you anticipate being able to say something on that within -- in calendar 2014?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think probably very late 2014 or early 2015 before we'd be comfortable with that.
John T. Malone - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Okay. And 17 rigs planned for this year. How do you see those being layered in over time?
Gregory P. Hill: We're operating 17 rigs today.
John B. Hess: In the Bakken.
John T. Malone - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. Last question just the $7.6 million well cost. You mentioned the fact that you may be able to squeeze more gains out of that. What's sort of the low hanging fruit there? What could still be done to bring those costs down?
Gregory P. Hill: John, I think it really is -- I think most of the low hanging fruit is gone. This is now in the lean manufacturing mode of just continuous improvements day in, day out, month-on-month, right?
Operator: And our next question comes from Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just to take another swing at the Bakken. If we were to see a real change in Department of Transportation regulations that truly impacted how we're hauling crude today, notwithstanding the quality of your railcar fleet, what are your options, pipe versus rail here? Can you give us an idea of your flexibility to switch between one and the other?
John B. Hess: Yes. We also have pipeline access of 60,000 to 70,000 barrels a day right now. Some of which we're using, some of which we're not because there are better differentials to put it on rail. So we actually are well positioned should something happen. Having said that, there are probably about 30,000 crude railcars in the United States, and 10,000 of them are the new modern standards that we have that others have as well. So it's really the 20,000, I think, that the government and industry, both rail and oil, are going to be addressing. So having said that, we and the industry in oil are going to work with rail and the government to really try to be thoughtful but also responsive to the safety issues.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay, appreciate that. The other question I had, free cash flow expectations in 2015 are based on $100 Brent. What sort of differential are you presuming for your Bakken production there?
John P. Rielly: Obviously, differentials are moving around. So what we're generally assuming is a differential, let's just say of using TI, and you can go off of that. It's somewhere in the $5 to $10 range.
Operator: Thank you very much. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory P. Hill - President of Worldwide Exploration & Production and Executive Vice President John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Brandon Mei - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2013 Hess Corporation Conference Call. My name is Crystal, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to your host today, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Crystal. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President and Chief Operating Officer; John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will make some high-level comments on the quarter and the progress we are making in executing our strategy to become a pure play E&P company. Greg Hill will then discuss our E&P operations, and John Rielly will go over our financial results. Net income for the third quarter of 2013 was $420 million or $405 million on an adjusted basis. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.18 compared to $1.46 in the year-ago quarter. Net production in the third quarter averaged 310,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 402,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in last year's third quarter. Asset sales associated with our strategic portfolio reshaping accounted for 83,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of the decline. The remainder was primarily related to unplanned downtime in Libya, resulting from the civil unrest in that country and heavier-than-normal seasonal maintenance in the Gulf of Mexico, partially offset by higher production from the Bakken and Valhall. Our plan is on track to build a higher-growth and lower-risk E&P portfolio, capable of delivering a 5-year compound annual growth rate of 5% to 8% off of our pro forma 2012 production base. This growth is underpinned by the Bakken in North Dakota, the Valhall Field in Norway, the North Malay Basin Project in Malaysia, the Tubular Bells Field in the Gulf of Mexico and the Utica Shale in Ohio. Net production from the Bakken averaged 71,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 14% from the third quarter a year ago. Our full year 2013 production forecast for the Bakken remains 64,000 to 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the third quarter, we continued to reduce Bakken well cost, which declined to $7.8 million, down 18% from a year ago. In Norway, production from the Valhall Field ramped up strongly following completion of a multi-year field redevelopment in the first quarter. Net production averaged 37,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter versus 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter. In Malaysia, we recently achieved first gas at the Hess-operated North Malay Basin Project. Net production is expected to reach 40 million cubic feet per day during the fourth quarter and remain at this level through 2016. Full field development is expected to increase net production to 165 million cubic feet per day by 2017. In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Hess-operated Tubular Bells development is on track to achieve first production in the third quarter of 2014 at a net rate of approximately 25,000 barrels per day. In Ohio, delineation of the wet gas window of the Utica Shale will continue through 2014. Initial well results have been encouraging, and we expect to commence development in 2015. Integral to our transformation to a focused pure play E&P company is our divestiture program, where we continue to make significant progress. In July, we announced the sale of our Energy Marketing business to Direct Energy for more than $1 billion. And earlier this month, we announced the sale of our Terminals business to Buckeye Partners for $850 million. In addition to proceeds from the Terminal sale, this transaction will free up approximately $900 million of working capital through inventory liquidation. We expect both transactions to close in the fourth quarter. Year-to-date, we have announced or completed 6 of 10 planned divestitures with sales proceeds and the release of working capital totaling $6.3 billion. The remaining divestitures are well underway for our upstream assets in Indonesia and Thailand, as well as our Retail Marketing and Trading businesses. Following the announcement of the sale of our Energy Marketing business at the end of July, we commenced our previously announced share repurchase program. Through October 29, we have repurchased 11.2 million shares for $882.7 million. Also in September, our annual dividend increased by 150% to $1 per share. In closing, we are pleased with the progress we have made in our transformation to become a pure play E&P company and in the execution of our plan to reshape our portfolio. We are committed to continuing to review all options to optimize our portfolio and allocate capital to generate the highest financial returns for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg for an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. I would like to provide a brief review of the progress we are making in executing our EP strategy. Starting with unconventionals. In the third quarter, net production from the Bakken averaged 71,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was up 14% from the third quarter of 2012. As we indicated previously, our Bakken production ramps up in the second half of the year, as a result of the completion of our transition to pad drilling. As previously disclosed, there will be planned downtime in the Bakken during the fourth quarter, as we complete the expansion of the Tioga Gas Plant. This downtime is incorporated into our 2013 Bakken production guidance, which remains 64,000 to 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In terms of individual Bakken well performance, we remain focused on driving superior financial returns, which is a function of well cost, productivity and price realizations. Drilling and completion costs in the third quarter averaged $7.8 million per well versus $8.4 million in the previous quarter. In addition, the productivity of our wells continues to be among the highest in industry. During the quarter, we brought 50 operated wells on to production, of which 30 were Middle Bakken and 20 were Three Forks. For the full year, we expect to bring approximately 170 wells on production, with 2/3 targeting the Middle Bakken and 1/3 targeting the Three Forks. As a result of our continuing delineation in Three Forks, both the productivity and aerial extent of the formation has increased above our previous estimates. In addition, the results of our infill pilot programs and reservoir modeling have led us to believe both the Middle Bakken and Three Forks can be further downspaced. We believe that it will be economically attractive to increase the well count and the majority of our Middle Bakken acreage from 5 wells per 1,280 drilling -- acre drilling unit to 7. Similarly in those areas where the Three Forks is perspective, we believe the well count can be increased from 4 wells per 1,280 acre drilling unit to 6. Over the next 12 months, we plan to install 17 well pads in this new configuration to obtain additional data before making a final decision to move to this tighter spacing. As we make further progress in our planning and field testing, we will provide updated guidance for production, drilling locations and resource potential. Our Tioga rail facility ran at capacity in the third quarter, delivering an average of 54,000 barrels per day to higher-value markets. Our Tioga Gas Plant expansion project, which will increase wet gas input capacity from 120 million to 250 million cubic feet per day is on schedule to begin commissioning at the end of 2013, enabling us to capture more liquids and value from our own gas and from third parties. In summary, we're on track to deliver our 2013 production and capital guidance for the Bakken, and we are increasingly confident about the long-term upside potential. Turning to the Utica. The appraisal of our acreage continues, and we are encouraged by well results to date. In 2013, Hess and CONSOL expect to drill 25 wells across both our 100% owned and joint venture acreage. In the third quarter, we drilled 7 wells, completed 8 and flow tested 1 well. On our 100% owned acreage, the Porterfield C 1H-17 well in Belmont County tested at a 24-hour rate of 3,421 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 21% liquids. Regarding exploitation, progress continues at Valhall, North Malay Basin and Tubular Bells. At the BP-operated Valhall Field in Norway, in which Hess has a 64% interest, net production averaged 37,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter. Full year 2013 net production from Valhall is forecast by the operator to be in the range of 24,000 to 28,000 barrels of oil per day, which we believe will come in at the lower end of this range. At North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, where Hess has a 50% working interest and is operator, we completed the initial 5 development wells ahead of schedule and achieved first gas on October 11 from the early production system. Net production is expected to reach 40 million cubic feet per day during the fourth quarter and remain at this level through 2016. Full field development is expected to increase net production to 165 million cubic feet per day by 2017. At our 57% owned and operated Tubular Bells development in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, our third production well was drilled during the quarter, and we are on track for field start up in the third quarter of 2014, delivering 25,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day of high-margin Gulf of Mexico production. Of the 3 wells drilled to date, one came in as expected in terms of pay count, and the other 2 wells came in with substantially higher pay counts. As a result, we plan to now drill a fourth well to delineate the additional upside identified. In terms of exploration in the Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points Block in Ghana, where Hess has a 90% working interest and is operator, we have opened a data room and expect to receive bids from potential partners later in the fourth quarter. Our appraisal plans are currently awaiting final approval from the Ghanaian government. Following approval of both the appraisal program and partnering arrangements by the Ghanaian government, we plan to issue guidance as to the resource potential on the block, as well as detail our appraisal program. In Kurdistan, where Hess has a 64% working interest and is operator of the Shakrok and Dinarta blocks, we spudded the first of 2 planned exploration wells in August and anticipate spudding the second well in the fourth quarter. In closing, our focus remains on executing our strategic plan to improve capital efficiency and deliver higher sustainable financial returns to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the third quarter of 2013 to the second quarter of 2013. Corporation generated consolidated net income of $420 million in the third quarter of 2013 compared with $1,431,000,000 in the second quarter of 2013. Adjusted earnings, which exclude items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, were $405 million in the third quarter of 2013 and $520 million in the previous quarter. Our third quarter earnings were reduced by approximately $105 million due to an underlift of production and downtime in the Gulf of Mexico. In addition, higher DD&A and deferred taxes in the quarter resulted from increased production from the Valhall Field. Turning to Exploration and Production. E&P had income of $455 million in the third quarter of 2013 and $1,533,000,000 in the second quarter. E&P adjusted earnings were $458 million in the third quarter of 2013 and $600 million in the previous quarter. Second quarter income included a nontaxable gain of $951 million related to the sale of the corporation's 90% interest in its Russian subsidiary, Samara-Nafta. Third quarter and second quarter results included after-tax charges of $3 million and $18 million, respectively, for employees severance and exit cost. Changes in the after-tax components of adjusted earnings between the second and third quarter were as follows. Lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $177 million. Higher depreciation, depletion and amortization decreased earnings by $16 million. Lower exploration expenses increased earnings by $22 million. Lower cash costs increased earnings by $17 million. Changes in realized selling prices increased earnings by $8 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $4 million, for an overall decrease in third quarter adjusted earnings of $142 million. Our E&P operations were underlifted compared with production by approximately 1.2 million barrels of crude oil in the third quarter, resulting in decreased after-tax income of approximately $30 million. The downtime for extended seasonal maintenance at non-operated fields in the Gulf of Mexico lowered production by approximately 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and reduced third quarter income by approximately $75 million compared with the second quarter. In addition, higher depreciation expense in the quarter reflected a greater production contribution from the Valhall Field, which has a higher DD&A rate per barrel than the portfolio average, resulting from a combination of the recently completed field redevelopment project to install the new production platform and prior acquisition cost. While the higher DD&A rate and the high Norwegian tax rate lowers Valhall's net income per barrel contribution to the portfolio, Valhall's cash margin per barrel is accretive to the portfolio average, as we expect cash taxes to be deferred for the next several years. The cash margin per barrel of the portfolio was $54 per barrel in the third quarter versus $51 in the second quarter, primarily due to higher realized prices, increased Valhall production and lower production from Libya. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability of earnings, was 45% for the third quarter and 44% in the second quarter of 2013. The cash tax rate was 16% in the third quarter and 23% in the second quarter. This improvement in the cash tax rate was also driven by the change in production in Valhall and Libya. We are updating our guidance as a result of the shut-in production in Libya. Libya's contribution to net income and cash flow is not material. However, the reduction in production will have the effect of increasing our unit cost and decreasing our tax rate. Our updated production guidance assumes no further contribution from Libya for the remainder of 2013 due to current civil unrest in the country. In addition, maintenance at the Auger platform kept the Llano Field shut in at the month of October. As a result, we expect fourth quarter 2013 production to be approximately 320,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, and therefore, our full year 2013 E&P production is expected to be at the lower end of the guidance range of 340,000 to 355,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In addition, due to the absence of low unit cost barrels from Libya, fourth quarter 2013 cash cost and DD&A expense are each expected to be in the range of $24 to $25 per barrel. And our full year guidance for total unit cost is being increased to $44 to $45 per barrel from our earlier guidance of $40 to $42 per barrel of oil equivalent. The increase in unit cost per barrel is expected to be largely offset by a reduction in the effective tax rate due to the loss of Libya's high tax production. The E&P fourth quarter 2013 effective tax rate is expected to be in the range of 39% to 41%, and our full year guidance is being reduced to 42% to 44% from the earlier guidance of 46% to 50%. Absent the impact of changes in commodity prices, our cash margin on a per barrel basis is expected to increase in the fourth quarter with the return of high margin production in the Gulf of Mexico and the absence of our Libyan production, which has cash margins well below the E&P portfolio average. Turning to our supplemental information. We have posted a supplemental earnings presentation on our website, which has been updated this quarter to include new operational data for our Utica Shale operations in Ohio. We have added 2013 rig and well counts, details on average net revenue interest percentages, acreage positions and well test results. All data has been split between our joint venture and 100% owned interest. In addition, pro forma E&P results now include both current and deferred taxes. Turning to Corporate. Corporate expenses after income taxes were $35 million in the third quarter of 2013 and $50 million in the second quarter. Second quarter Corporate expenses include proxy solicitation cost for the annual shareholders meeting and higher professional fees. After-tax interest expense was $54 million in the third quarter of 2013 and $63 million in the second quarter, due to higher capitalized interest and lower average outstanding borrowings. Turning to discontinued operations. Earnings from the Downstream businesses were $54 million in the third quarter of 2013 compared with $11 million in the second quarter. Third quarter results included net after-tax income of $23 million from items affecting comparability of earnings between periods compared with after-tax charges of $21 million in the second quarter. Turning to our capital return to shareholders. During the third quarter of 2013, the corporation increased its quarterly dividend 150% to $0.25 per share and purchased approximately 6,530,000 common shares at an average price of $76.60 for a total cost of approximately $500 million. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter, including a decrease of $143 million from changes in working capital, was $1,254,000,000. Capital expenditures were $1,431,000,000. Common stock acquired and retired was $500 million. Net borrowings were $372 million. Common stock dividends paid were $85 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $14 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $404 million. We had $321 million of cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2013, and $642 million at December 31, 2012. Total debt was $6,209,000,000 at September 30, 2013, compared with $8,111,000,000 at December 31, 2012. And the corporation's debt to capitalization ratio was 20.7% at September 30, 2013, compared with 27.7% at the end of 2012. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call back to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes. A quick question, just on the retail. I guess if you're going to spin that out, you're going to do, I guess, get a private letter ruling from the IRS. Can you give us any updates on where you are in terms of the mechanics of the retail?
John P. Rielly: Well, first, we're doing a parallel process. We're going to go down the process of looking at a potential public market option, like you had mentioned, as well as go through an M&A process. So we're going to go through both of that, and we're going to maximize value to shareholders. As far as the private letter ruling and what we're doing for filing with the SEC, we're kind of on track. Everything is moving along according to schedule, and we anticipate getting that and get some further information out later this quarter and into early 2014.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, very clear and very helpful. Just coming to the Bakken. Maybe, Greg, thanks for giving us the initial thoughts on down spacing. Maybe any color on whether you can go beyond that. Obviously, some of the other companies are hoping to downspace much further. That would be helpful.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So just in terms of down spacing, our base design has been 9 wells per 1,280-acre DSU. So that's 5 wells in the Middle Bakken, and 4 on the Three Forks. So that yields effectively a 250- and 320-acre well spacing, respectively. Now based on the results of our infill pilot programs, we think that we can further downspace with minimal interference. So over the next 12 months, we're going to install tighter spacing at 17 of our DSUs, with 7 wells in the Middle Bakken and 6 in the Three Forks. So this will bring the spacing down to 180 acres in the Middle Bakken and 210 acres in the Three Forks. So again, moving from 250 to 180 in the Middle Bakken and 320 to 210 in the Three Forks.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And maybe just a quick follow on. That I guess is the 2014 program, but would you then go for deeper spacing once you've established the results of that across the acreage.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I mean, if -- assuming it all works as expected, then we would go full-scale with the tighter infill program on a go-forward basis.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Sorry. So would you able to downspace to a tighter level than the 7 and 6? Or...
Gregory P. Hill: Potentially. We're going to test a couple of DSUs in an even tighter configuration next year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson with ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So it appears that upside is clearly unfolding in the Bakken in Europe and specifically Valhall looks like production and gas margins are headed higher there too. But at the same time, it also seems like there could be upside potential at Valhall when you consider the recovery rates in some of the neighboring fields. And so my question's whether you consider the opportunity for improved recovery on Valhall, intermediate to longer term, to be real and why or why not is this is obviously a pretty significant part of the portfolio these days.
John B. Hess: Yes, Doug. Just to be clear, we have not been happy with BP's performance as operator of Valhall. And recently as you know, we had, Greg and I, a senior meeting with BP's leadership to express our concerns. We have worked with them to jointly develop a performance improvement plan, and the results are beginning to show. The facilities have begun to run more reliably, and production is currently averaging the year net 40,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The prize, as you rightly point out, at Valhall remains significant, with a net remaining recoverable resource to our company of more than 500 million barrels. Our primary focus is to work with BP to grow production over the coming years and leverage our chalk reservoir drilling and completion capability we've developed in South Arne in Denmark. While we're encouraged by the recent progress, if performance does not continue to improve, we'll consider our strategic options.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Greg, I wonder if I could take you back to the Bakken for a second. So you talked about the well pattern changing I guess the 7 and 6. You haven't talked about deeper benches. Continental obviously talks about second, third and fourth benches. That's the reason for-- I'm just pointing out the additional down spacing, and neither have you addressed your longer-term production guidance or resource estimates based on the old pattern. So if that's changing can you give us some color as to how you think about the longer-term targets. And I've got a follow-up please.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure, you bet. So let's take it in order. So let's talk about the Three Forks first, Doug. So as you know, we've continued to delineate the Three Forks in 2012 and 2013. And so by the end of this year, we should have about 140 Three Forks wells drilled and on production. So that's proved up some 40% of our 550,000 to 600,000 core acres. And we expect ultimately that some 60% to 65% of our core acreage is going to be economic for the Three Forks. Results on the Three Forks have been great. So results to date have exceeded our expectations. And in fact, our well results, coupled with the publicly available production data, show that our Three Forks acreage is among the best in the play. So a little context on where we are in the Three Forks. Regarding the benches, we do see several discrete thicker packages in certain areas of the field, where we will plan to test whether or not more than one well in the Three Forks actually can deliver superior returns. And so we'll test that next year as part of our 2014 plan. Now in reference to the longer-term potential of the Bakken, if you think about where we are today so in a 5 and 4 configuration, that yields about 2,500 future drilling locations and about 1 billion barrels of recoverable resource. Also because of the performance of the Three Forks, that long-term 120,000 barrels a day guidance is going to go up, and we plan to give some more color on that when we issue our annual guidance at the first of the year. Now regarding 7 and 6, obviously, those numbers will go up again. So the well counts will go up. The resource will go up. The long-term production will go up further above the Three Forks correction. As we get data from our pilots and drill our wells and get them on production, see the pressure response, then we'll give a second upgrade to the guidance in 2015.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you talk about the pace, Greg, in terms of rig count. In light of all of the above, I'm assuming the current pace will accelerate.
Gregory P. Hill: Sure. Now we haven't finalized our budget yet. So I'll put that caveat on it. But this year, we're at 14 rigs. We plan on increasing that to 17 rigs next year. And then if the 7 and 6 works, assuming it does, and we're confident it will, then you'll see a step to rig count up to 20 rigs a year after and potentially higher after that.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. My follow-up is a little bit quicker. I guess it's to either of the Johns. The pace of buybacks, it seems like a sizable buyback, but didn't really impact the share count too much. So I'm just wondering if you could help us with what was going on in the timing during the quarter and how you see the pace of buybacks on a go-forward basis, largely, over the next 12 months. I'll leave it there.
John P. Rielly: Sure. In the quarter, and I think you said it. It really was the timing. We started -- we didn't start from the beginning of the quarter buying back shares. So we were buying back more in August and September. There's also when you look at the dilutive effect, obviously, our share price has been increasing. So from a dilution standpoint, that adds more shares into the calculation as well. So that's why you're not seeing it begin to flow through again in the fourth quarter, as we continue. So going forward, from a pace standpoint, we are going to continue to be disciplined on the pace. What we've done with our share buyback, as we said before, is we started out because from the Energy Marketing sale of $1 billion, we're tying our buybacks to the proceeds. So with that $1 billion, we started on that plan, we've now announced the Terminal sale from that. So we'll continue on at this disciplined pace, buying back stock.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I wondered if you could provide us with an update on pricing and realizations there. And if there's some sort of rule of thumb for now and going forward as to how the oil will price there.
John P. Rielly: Unfortunately, Paul, there really isn't a rule of thumb. So in prior quarters or even going back into late last year, you had the big spread on the Brent TI. So obviously, moving -- excuse me, moving by train, getting to the coast, you got a bigger uplift from the price realizations. Those have come in. We're still making money on the rail. In the quarter, probably added around $3 per barrel to our realizations from the rail, but obviously, they've squeezed. Now Clearbrook and local pricing in Western North Dakota versus WTI, it's going to move based on what's happening in the market. So we're still planning to use all 3 market options, going south to St. James, going East and West with our crude. And it's going to just factor in to where the price realizations are at the time.
John B. Hess: Yes, just a little more color there. During the quarter, the WTI Brent spread narrowed. I think TI actually, for a couple of days, was over Brent. As you know, right now, TI is probably about $10 under, and there's a further discount at the wellhead for our North Dakota production. So the rail facility continues to add value to our net backs. How you can get a rule of thumb given the variability just in the third quarter is next to impossible. The good news is our company is competitively positioned versus, I think, anybody else to maximize the value of our production there, and we continue to do that. Up to 54,000 barrels a day we're moving by rail right now. About 1/3 is going to the East and West Coast, and the balance goes to the Gulf Coast. And as the East and West Coast increase their ability to receive crude and assuming those markets are more favorable than the Gulf, we'll be able to exploit those opportunities even more in the future.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's extremely helpful. Firstly, could you indicate the -- just remind us, the cost or the net back that you get when you move to those markets. So I guess you'd be pricing off the crudes in those given coastal markets, how much less do you get for the transport cost in each case? And secondly, where will we expect to be in terms of your ability to move crude out away from Clearbrook, let's say, next year or at a given point in the future? Why not say the end of 2014?
John B. Hess: The East and West Coast trade more on a Brent basis, and the transportation cost is not materially different. It's a little higher to the East Coast, a little less to the West Coast, but that's figured out in the differentials that you get, but it's more Brent based, where the price you get in the Gulf Coast could be tied to Brent, could be tied to LLS. And as always, Paul, we'll be situated to maximize value according to what market signals that we get.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the future development of your ability to move, John?
John P. Rielly: I'm sorry.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I'm just wondering how much you're going to be able to move to the coast, let's say, in a year's time.
John P. Rielly: That's going to be more a function of the different refineries on the East and West Coast ability to take unit trains. Right now, there are a few. And as they improve their capability, we'll be able to do more. Right now, it's sort of limited to that 1/3 that I mentioned of the 54 a day. If the markets improve, hopefully that number will increase. And quite frankly, if the train differentials still give us better value, we can look at getting a few more trains if we need that, in addition to the 9 unit trains that we already have.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That's very helpful. And my follow-up is, can you update us just on the latest timing for the sale of the Asian assets if we're expecting some news before the end of the year.
John B. Hess: Yes, we're well advanced, and more than that we're really not in a position to say. I know there's some big news out there. I don't want to front run the sale process, but it's well advanced.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brandon Mei with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Brandon Mei - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I appreciate the color on the production guidance post 2013. I was just wondering if you can give some corresponding guidance to the CapEx? And also with the ramp and Bakken down spacing and CapEx there, how does that affect your total plan?
John P. Rielly: Going forward, in 2014, I mean, obviously we'll give our full guidance after we've gone through our budget process here in the fourth quarter, but the guidance we've been given is that the capital spend will have a 5 in front of it. So a 5 handle. That's basically the only guidance that we've given out right now for 2014. And again, now early days on the Bakken, but what we've basically -- you heard from Greg earlier that we do plan, at least right now, to add some rigs to the Bakken. However, from an overall capital spend in the Bakken standpoint, that's not necessarily increasing our spend there because we are spending a lot on infrastructure this year in 2013. And as you know, getting the Tioga Gas Plant, we're actually going to have to shut down and commissioning here towards the end of this year. So the infrastructure spend will be moving more to drilling, keeping the Bakken capital number around the same. So that's general guidance here for '14.
Brandon Mei - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Can you remind us what the CapEx was on infrastructure in the Bakken for 2013?
John P. Rielly: Yes. It would be between $500 million and $600 million.
Brandon Mei - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then one more for me. Can you quantify the RIN contribution this quarter?
John P. Rielly: Yes. It was $28 million after-tax that we did recognize the benefit from in the third quarter from RINs. Now where current pricing is, we're expecting an immaterial contribution in the fourth quarter.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I think -- a number of quick question then. John Rielly, will you be willing to share with us what is the Energy Marketing and Terminal EBITDA or pretax income or after-tax income, whatever is the metric in the third quarter?
John P. Rielly: No, Paul. We haven't been giving that information out. So, I mean, you saw with the announcement from Direct on where they had the EBITDA number for the Energy Marketing business. And then as far as Terminals, no, we are, again, it's commercially sensitive here as we go through the transaction with Buckeye.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: All right. And, Greg, Bakken continue to improve. As of this point, from a productivity improvement standpoint, do you think that you already captured the bulk of that order? Do you think that you're just scratching that surface and then there's far more to go?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, in terms of -- first on the cost, as you mentioned, the Bakken continues to improve. So our well cost went from 8.4 to 7.8 in a quarter, and that's a result of our application lean manufacturing to just continue to drive improvement. I think on the productivity side, I mean, we are constantly testing various things to try and improve the productivity and also bring the cost down as well. So there's that kind of -- there's a sweet spot, I call it, where cost and productivity meet to drive the highest return. So we're focused on drilling the highest return Bakken wells, not necessarily the highest production or not necessarily the lowest cost. We're really trying to find that maximum return point in the Bakken.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And, Greg, or then maybe it's for John, you guys very kind to give a lot more information in Bakken, including the well cost. How about on the cash operating cost? Is that something that you guys may consider start giving out that information?
Gregory P. Hill: That's a currently -- and I know, Paul, we've discussed this before. At this point, just to give you the same guidance is that on the cash cost, which includes production and severance taxes in there, the Bakken is slightly below our portfolio average there from all-in cash costs there. Going forward, we're looking at -- we're continuing to add information there. Obviously, you know we've got the whole, we're looking at the midstream and the marketing up there in North Dakota. So it's something we'll still be considering as we move forward to provide that information.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And, Greg, on the gas plant tie in that how many days the Bakken production operation will be impacted?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, Paul, it's mainly gas. So we'll send a lot more gas to flare, right? The liquids will be a very small number, a couple of thousand barrels a day for the quarter, 1,000 to 2,000 barrels a day. So the impact to oil is very small.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. So that means that your fourth quarter Bakken production should not be really materially impacted by this shutdown?
Gregory P. Hill: That's right.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So we just continue to see them going higher, may not be going as much of the sequential increase as from second to third, but should not be flat.
Gregory P. Hill: Just to add to that Paul, I mean, with the gas and the shutdown, we are -- in that number that I gave out earlier the 320,000 barrels a day, we are seeing Bakken essentially flat with that number -- in that number that I gave, just because due to the shutdown and the shut in of gas.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Any reason that they should be? Because shut-in the gas that you may be losing, say, in the third quarter, is 44 million cubic feet per day, but you're not going to shut down for the entire quarter is it?
Gregory P. Hill: No, we aren't. It will go down probably the third week of November. We're still just finalizing all that. The gas plant will go down, and then we'll start commissioning the plant at the end of the year.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right. So it will be 1.5 months old. Your job say 25 -- a 25 million cubic feet per day, or that 4,000...
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, 6 weeks. Yes.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And that you typically grow by, say, maybe somewhere in the 5 to 6. So...
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think importantly, Paul, what we said in the opening remarks, all that's built in to our guidance, it's 64 to 70 on the Bakken. That's all built in. So that range is still very valid.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And, Greg, on Utica, in order for you to come to the commercial development decision, what is the steps or what kind of condition that you need to, to be met, before you can get to that decision?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think, certainly, with the wet gas, we will be making that decision at the end of 2014 once we finish delineation, and remember that is all HBP in FEED or fee acreage. And it effectively has no royalty. So the economics of that are very strong, and so we've already moved to pad drilling in a number of well locations. So we're effectively delineating and developing at the same time. But as far as a full field sanctioned decision, that will come at the end of 2014 as part of our budgeting process. So that's the plan, but the wells are looking great, and the economics look really well with that kind of a royalty.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Yes, can you remind me that how -- what is your net acreage position for the wet gas area?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, yes, okay, it's 73,000 currently net acres on the JV acreage. Now, not all of that's wet gas. So about 30,000 or so, 30,000 to 35,000 will be wet gas acreage. The rest is oil acreage that we don't have any plans to develop on the far West.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I see. And then a -- a final one. Australia, any update on the long-term gas supply agreement?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So we continue to make progress. We're pleased with the progress that we are making on Australia, and we're closer than we ever have been. That's about all I can say at this point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: I know you can't say much about the Asian sale, but what about tax efficiency of the sale? Do we expect a big tax bite?
John P. Rielly: Again the guidance I've been giving is that from overall proceeds that the cash tax effect will be less than 5%, and that is driven by the Asian sales over there. So there is some leakage with the Asian sales, but again from our overall proceed numbers that we're talking about it's less than 5%.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. One for Greg, in terms of the Utica. Is your line demarcating the wet gas, dry gas kind of moving a little bit more to the east in terms of the wet gas? Because you had some wells here on your map that had reasonable liquids content that you had in the dry area.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think between our wells and industry wells, those lines are constantly moving. They're not moving tens of miles or hundred of miles. So you're kind of on the edge here of trying to find that window. In the Western part of the dry gas window, which is kind of that transition area from the dry gas to wet gas, those liquids are predominantly NGLs. And then as we move further West, towards Harrison County and West Belmont County and the East Guernsey County, those total liquids percentages gradually increase to around 60% and then the condensate portion of these liquids goes as high as 35% when you get over there. So you can begin to see where the real sweet spots are, and we're right in the heart of it.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Great. Last one for me is on Ghana. Would you go solo if need be?
Gregory P. Hill: I'm sorry. Could you ask that question again?
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Ghana, say you don't find a partner in terms of the PO, would you go solo in terms of the development there?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think we're committed to the appraisal program certainly. However, I will say that the data room's been very active. So we anticipate getting bids sometime in November. So.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: First on Kurdistan, on the first prospect, do you guys have a pre-drill estimate for that?
Gregory P. Hill: We do, but we typically don't give those out for pre-drill.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Any order of magnitude?
Gregory P. Hill: No, obviously, if we have a discovery, we'll give you some color on that in the first quarter.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, fair enough. On the Utica, you mentioned still about a year away from kind of FFID decision-making. Your guidance, over the next 5 years, just to clarify, does not ascribe any credit for the Utica, correct?
John P. Rielly: No. It does. For the wet gas portion, which, as Greg said, we started some pad drilling. We are drilling and hooking up wells there. We do have a contribution from the wet gas portion of the Utica in that guidance.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, but nothing else for the play?
John P. Rielly: Correct.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phillips Johnston with Capital One.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a follow-up on Doug's question regarding the lower Three Forks benches. I thought some of the 55 wells that were planned for this year were actually targeting the second bench. So I just wanted to clarify comments, which sounded like so far you haven't really tested any of the lower benches and just as a follow-up I was wondering what the mix might be for next year's Three Forks wells in terms of what percentage might be drilled into the first, second, third or fourth benches.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So just to clarify, I think what we said was yes, we wanted to target those lower benches, but what we did this year was go down and get core from a lot of those locations. And as I said in my remarks, it does appear that there are certain parts of the field where you do have 2 big thick sections of the Three Forks. So we plan to actually put horizontals in some of the second bench areas next year. Now, I will say once again, I think, ultimately the decision on multiple benches in the Three Forks is going to come down to returns. Because obviously, if I put 2 wells in 2 benches in the Three Forks, I'd better, at least, get double the recovery or economically from a return standpoint, it doesn't make sense.
Phillips Johnston - Capital One Securities, Inc., Research Division: Right. So probably no wells next year in terms of a third or the fourth bench. That's probably a 2015 type of...
Gregory P. Hill: No, I don't -- the majority of our acreage, if there is multiple bench, it appears to be in the second bench. The third and fourth bench, much more isolated and much smaller.
Operator: With no more questions, that concludes our call today, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect. Have a great day. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chief Executive Officer and Director Gregory P. Hill - President of Worldwide Exploration & Production and Executive Vice President John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division John T. Malone - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2013 Hess Corporation conference call. My name is Derek, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Derek. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. The risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess' annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. Also, on today's conference call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of the differences between these non-GAAP financial measures and the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures can be found in the supplemental earnings information provided on our website. With me today are John Hess, Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will make a few high-level comments on the quarter and the progress we are making in executing our strategy to become a pure play E&P company. Greg Hill will then discuss our E&P operations, and John Rielly will then go over our financial results. Net income for the second quarter of 2013 was $1.4 billion, or $520 million on an adjusted basis. Adjusted earnings per share were $1.51 compared to $1.72 in the year-ago quarter. Net production in the second quarter averaged 341,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day compared to 429,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in last year's second quarter. Asset sales associated with our strategic portfolio reshaping accounted for approximately 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, or 80% of the decline versus last year's second quarter. Planned downtime at the Valhall Field in June and lower entitlement under the production sharing contract at the Malaysia/Thailand JDA accounted for the balance of the decline, which is partially offset by higher production from the Bakken. In the second quarter, net production from the Bakken averaged 64,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 16% from a year ago. As a result of our transition to pad drilling, we expect to see an increase in production in the second half of the year. Our full year 2013 production forecast for the Bakken remains 64,000 to 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Bakken well costs declined to $8.4 million in the second quarter, down 28% from the year-ago quarter. For the corporation, our full year 2013 production forecast remains 340,000 to 355,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Taking into account the impact of asset sales, our pro forma 2013 production is expected to average 290,000 to 305,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up from pro forma production of 289,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2012. From our pro forma 2012 base, we expect to achieve a 5-year compound annual growth rate of 5% to 8% through 2017 and growth in the mid-teens in aggregate from 2012 to 2014. This production growth will come from captured lower-risk assets, including the Bakken, Valhall, Tubular Bells, North Malay Basin and the Utica. Our portfolio reshaping moves have improved our cash margin. Second quarter 2013 pro forma upstream cash margin was $54 per barrel of oil equivalent, up $6 per barrel of oil equivalent from last year's actual second quarter results despite Brent oil prices declining more than $5 per barrel. Capital and exploratory expenditures in the first half of 2013 were $3.2 billion, which was down 20% from the first half of 2012. This decline reflects improved capital efficiency in the Bakken, the impact of asset sales, as well as the declining capital intensity of our portfolio. Our full year 2013 capital and exploratory expenditures forecast remains $6.8 billion. We continue to project that 2014 capital and exploratory expenditures will be significantly lower than 2013 and more aligned with our cash flow. We continue to make steady progress in executing our divestiture program. During the second quarter, we completed approximately $2.2 billion in asset sales, including the sale of our interest in Samara-Nafta for $1.9 billion. This brought completed asset sales as of June 30 to $3.5 billion. Proceeds were used to repay $2.4 billion of debt and to strengthen our balance sheet so that the company will have the financial flexibility to fund our future growth. Yesterday, we announced the sale of our Energy Marketing business to Direct Energy for $1.025 billion. This business markets natural gas, electricity and fuel oil to 23,000 commercial, industrial and small business customers in the eastern half of the United States. The sale of our Energy Marketing business brings year-to-date asset sales to $4.5 billion and puts the company in a position to commence our previously announced share repurchase program. The remaining divestment processes for our upstream assets in Indonesia and Thailand, as well as our downstream terminals, retail and trading businesses are well underway. We believe that our strategy to become a pure play E&P company will create significant long-term value. Our focus is on execution, growing production, driving further reductions in capital expenditures and operating costs, completing our remaining asset sales and increasing cash returns to shareholders. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg, who will provide an operational update.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide a brief review of the progress we're making in executing our E&P strategy. As previously discussed, Hess is executing a 3-pronged growth strategy through: one, unconventionals, with growth driven by the Bakken and Utica; two, exploitation, with growth driven by Tubular Bells, Valhall and North Malay Basin; and three, focused exploration in areas such as Ghana. This balanced strategy underpins the 5% to 8% compound annual production growth rate that John just laid out. Starting with unconventionals. In the second quarter, net production from the Bakken averaged 64,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 16% from the second quarter of 2012. As we had previously indicated, our Bakken production was relatively flat in the first half of 2013 as a result of our transition to pad drilling. That transition is now largely complete, and we will see higher production in the second half of the year. There will be planned downtime in the Bakken during the fourth quarter as we complete the expansion of the Tioga Gas Plant. And while natural gas production will be partially curtailed for approximately 6 weeks, oil production is expected to be only modestly impacted. This downtime is incorporated into our 2013 Bakken production guidance, which remains 64,000 to 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In terms of individual Bakken well performance, we remain focused on driving superior returns, which is a function of well costs, productivity and price realization. Well costs in the second quarter averaged $8.4 million per well, down 28% from $11.6 million per well in the second quarter of 2012 and down from $8.6 million per well in the first quarter of 2013. In addition, the productivity of our wells continues to be among the highest in industry as 18 of the top 50 wells, or 36%, in the North Dakota Bakken play since the beginning of 2012 are Hess-operated wells. During the quarter, we brought 42 operated wells on to production, of which 27 were Middle Bakken and 15 were Three Forks. For the full year, we expect to bring approximately 170 wells on production, with 2/3 targeting the Middle Bakken and 1/3 targeting the Three Forks. We continue to conduct pilot programs to test optimal well spacing. While these tests are ongoing, our current thinking is that core Middle Bakken can be down spaced to approximately 180-acre spacing in many areas. Although we are still early in the testing in the down spacing of our Three Forks acreage, we believe the in-fill potential will be broadly similar to the Middle Bakken. Our Tioga rail facility ran at capacity in the second quarter, delivering an average of 53,000 barrels per day to higher-value markets. Our Tioga Gas Plant expansion project, which will increase wet gas input capacity from 120 million cubic feet a day to 250 million cubic feet a day, is on schedule for commissioning at the end of 2013, enabling us to capture more liquids and value from our own gas and from third parties. In summary, we are on track to deliver our 2013 production and capital guidance for the Bakken, and we are increasingly optimistic about the long-term upside. Turning to the Utica. The appraisal of our acreage continues, and we are increasingly encouraged by well results to date. In the second quarter, 10 wells were drilled, 3 were completed, and 3 were flow tested. Two of the 3 tested wells were operated by Hess. On our 100% owned acreage, the Richland B 1H-34 well in Belmont County tested at a 24-hour rate of 2,985 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 29% liquids. On our joint venture acreage, we, as operator, tested the Cadiz A 1H-23 well in Harrison County at a 24-hour rate of 2,250 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 57% liquids. In 2013, Hess and CONSOL expect to spud approximately 40 wells and drill 25 across both our 100% owned and joint venture acreage. Turning to the second element of our strategy, exploitation. Progress continues at Valhall, Tubular Bells and North Malay Basin. At the BP-operated Valhall Field in Norway, in which Hess has a 64% interest, net production averaged 13,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. The field was shut in for one month during the second quarter due to planned downtime at Ekofisk. Full year 2013 net production from Valhall is forecast by the operator to be in the range of 24,000 to 28,000 barrels of oil per day, which we believe will come in at the lower end of this range. In July, net production has averaged approximately 26,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day from Valhall. At our 57% owned and operated Tubular Bells development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, our second production well was drilled during the quarter, and we are currently drilling the third. We are on track for field startup in mid-2014, delivering 25,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day of high-margin Gulf of Mexico production. At North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, where Hess has a 50% working interest and is operator, the jacket and topsides were installed, and the Floating, Production, Storage and Offloading vessel for the early production system arrived on location in June. In addition, the 5-well development drilling program is underway. We anticipate an on-time start of production in the fourth quarter at a net rate of 40 million cubic feet per day. With regard to full field development, as a result of an upward revision in net gas sales from 125 million cubic feet a day to 165 million cubic feet a day, additional engineering and construction work will be required, which will push first gas toward year-end 2016. In terms of exploration, following 7 consecutive discoveries on the Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points Block in Ghana, where Hess has a 90% working interest and is operator, we submitted our appraisal plans to the government in June. We plan to commence appraisal drilling in 2014 and are continuing our pre-development work, including preliminary front-end engineering and design. Consistent with our exploration strategy in August, we plan to open a data room with the intent to farm down our Ghana interest. In Kurdistan, where Hess has a 64% working interest and is operator of the Shakrok and Dinarta blocks, we will spud the first of 2 planned exploration wells in August and anticipate spudding the second well in the fourth quarter. Here, we also recently opened a data room and plan to bring in partners. In closing, strong execution performance in the first half of the year means that we are on track to deliver both our short and long-term goals. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the second quarter of 2013 to the first quarter of 2013. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $1,431,000,000 in the second quarter 2013 compared with $1,276,000,000 in the first quarter of 2013. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, the corporation had earnings of $520 million in the second quarter of 2013 and $669 million in the previous quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production. E&P had income of $1,533,000,000 in the second quarter and $1,286,000,000 in the first quarter of 2013. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, E&P had income of $600 million in the current quarter and $698 million in the previous quarter. Second quarter income included a non-taxable gain of $951 million related to the sale of the corporation's 90% interest in its Russian subsidiary, Samara-Nafta. Second quarter 2013 results also included an after-tax charge of $18 million for employee severance and exit costs. The changes in the after-tax components of adjusted earnings were as follows: lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $165 million; changes in realized selling prices decreased earnings by $40 million; lower cash costs improved earnings by $60 million; lower depreciation, depletion and amortization improved earnings by $55 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $8 million for an overall decrease in second quarter adjusted earnings of $98 million. Our E&P crude oil operations were over lifted compared with production by approximately 550,000 barrels in the quarter, which increased after-tax income by approximately $30 million. Based on our current crude oil lifting schedule, we expect this over lift to reverse in the third quarter. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, was 44% for the second quarter of 2013. We have provided quarterly operational data for the Bakken in the supplemental earnings presentation posted on our website, including production data, number of rigs, Middle Bakken and Three Forks well counts, average gross 30-day initial production rates, well costs, working interest percentages and acreage totals. The supplemental earnings presentation also includes pro forma E&P results for 2012 and 2013. The pro forma information presents our results as if our asset divestiture program had all been completed effective January 1, 2012, in order to present a historical comparison of the performance for the ongoing portfolio. This pro forma information includes operational data and cash margins. Turning to Corporate. Corporate expenses after income taxes were $50 million in the second quarter and $44 million in the first quarter of 2013. Corporate expenses are higher than normal in both periods due to severance charges and increased proxy costs and professional fees. After-tax interest expense was $63 million in the second quarter of 2013 compared with $66 million in the first quarter. Turning to cost savings. As part of our transformation to a pure play E&P company, we are taking steps to realign the organization and reduce costs. During the second quarter of 2013, we continue to reorganize the E&P and Corporate functions to support the new portfolio and announced the closure of our London office by the end of the first quarter of 2014. These initiatives are anticipated to result in annual cost savings of $150 million. Turning to discontinued operations. Earnings from the downstream businesses were $11 million in the second quarter and $100 million in the first quarter of 2013. Second quarter 2013 results included after-tax charges totaling $21 million for employee severance related to the corporation's planned exit from its downstream businesses and cost to idle refinery equipment at the Port Reading refining facility. First quarter 2013 results included net after-tax income of $30 million from items affecting comparability. Adjusted earnings decreased for the quarter, principally reflecting seasonally lower natural gas and oil volumes in Energy Marketing, partially offset by higher retail gasoline margins and improved trading results. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter, including a decrease of $70 million from changes in working capital, was $1,247,000,000. Capital expenditures were $1,500,000,000. Net proceeds from asset sales were $2,291,000,000. Net repayments of debt were $1,688,000,000. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $69 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $281 million. Turning to our financial position. Earlier this year, we committed to applying the proceeds from our asset sales program to improve our financial flexibility to fund growth and provide current returns to shareholders. More specifically, proceeds from divestitures are to be applied to: repay debt, provide a cash cushion, fund the 2013 cash flow deficit and return cash to shareholders by repurchasing up to $4 billion of shares. To date, we have used proceeds from divestitures to repay debt, begin to build the cash cushion and fund the cash flow deficit. In the third quarter, the corporation plans to increase its annual dividend. And with the announcement of the sale of our Energy Marketing business, we are in a position to commence our share repurchase program. We are progressing plans to monetize our Bakken infrastructure assets by 2015 and use the proceeds to return additional cash to shareholders. We had $725 million of cash and cash equivalents at June 30, 2013, and $642 million at December 31, 2012. Total debt was $5,800,000,000 at June 30, 2013, and $8,111,000,000 at December 31, 2012. And the corporation's debt to capitalization ratio was 19.5% at June 30, 2013, compared with 27.7% at the end of 2012. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question is coming from the line of Evan Calio, Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Let me start with a strategic question -- strategy question. John, you've reconstituted the board since last earnings call, 10 new and experienced members. The board has met. While you appear to have clear operational momentum, I was just -- could you update us on any broader strategic review occurring? Or any update on the strategic assessment or comments on how the board transition has gone so far?
John B. Hess: Yes. The board transition has gone very well. I would characterize the first board meeting that we had in June as very constructive, and we're totally focused on executing the strategy we've outlined.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That's great. And keeping on the asset sale theme, restructuring theme, sale proceeds have exceeded expectations, I think yesterday is included, maybe harder to reconcile from the deconstructed historical EBITDA of the Retail segment. Maybe a few questions that could help. I mean, for -- could you provide a 2012 EBITDA or a cash metric for the Energy Marketing business for the OM?
John P. Rielly: All right, Evan. So obviously, we're in the middle of these processes. Right? So the sale process, and we don't want to front run the process. You saw, I think, in Centrica's release that they had $200 million of estimated EBITDA for 2013. That's a reasonable estimate for the business. Last year, obviously, it was a warmer winter. Right? So it was at least 20% less heating degree days last year. So that obviously would have impacted the EBITDA in 2012 as it related to Energy Marketing, but that's really as far as we're going to go. We're not going to front run the sale process.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Well then, maybe a risk of a -- of getting a similar response on the terminal sales, can you give us any historical utilization rates? Or any metric there because I presume some uptick in potential value will be improved utilizations to a potential buyer.
John P. Rielly: So, Evan, I mean, every buyer is going to look at the business potentially differently from how they want to manage it. So we're not providing that data right now. We are well into the process. Obviously, selling the terminal business in this current environment is a positive thing. It's a very good environment. The assets are strong. We've got a nice set of assets here on the East Coast, and the interest has been keen in these assets. So that's as far as I think we want to go. And just as John said, earlier, the sales progress is well underway and is going according to plan.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then maybe lastly if I could. Could you provide any tax basis in assets held, or how much coverage, how much tax coverage you have for those assets that are announced yet haven't yet received -- closed yet?
John P. Rielly: There will be significant gains on the assets on an overall basis to be sold. From a tax leakage guidance standpoint from the overall sale proceeds that we are getting as part of this program, we've talked about that our tax leakage will be less than 5%. That's overall. That's with the E&P businesses and the downstream businesses.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Ed Westlake, Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just continuing on that downstream thought process, are there any corporate costs that are in the downstream that would be discontinued if those assets were sold? Just trying to true up historical reporting to what a seller might look at for these assets.
John P. Rielly: There are allocated costs. And for the most part, the Corporate cost, if you want to call it that, are -- assigned to the business units are allocated and are within the segment. Now there's no question, as I said as part of our cost-saving initiative, that we are looking at over all our functions and are going to right size and reorganize the functions for the smaller portfolio that we have. But I would tell you, in general, most of the costs are allocated into the segment.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Right. Okay. And then switching to the Bakken. Obviously, you've guided that the shift to pad drilling would constrain volumes and that there will be an inflection in the second half. As we look out into 2014, '15, '16, I mean, any sort of feeling at this stage in terms of which of those years will be the faster growth on towards the sort of 120,000 barrel day that you've discussed in the past in terms of the rate of that growth? Any color there would be helpful.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure, Ed. So I think that's going to be function of obviously how much capital we put in it. But I think once we get through the gas plant commissioning at the end of this year, I think, for all practical purposes, you assume a relatively steady ramp from there to 120,000 barrels a day over a couple of years.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And initial volume estimates for the Utica, given the well results you've had?
Gregory P. Hill: In terms of what year, Ed?
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Say next year, 2014?
Gregory P. Hill: We haven't finished our plan yet, and we're still in the appraisal phase. So next year will be another appraisal year.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Doug Leggate, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of questions, please. I guess, first, for Greg. Greg, the Three Forks opportunity in the Bakken, when our numbers -- you're going to be pretty much getting into a sort of cash breakeven type of situation and probably within the next 12 to 18 months. What are the plans there as it relates to optimizing the development of that inventory? Should we expect you to step up capital and development in the Bakken or shift capital toward the more aggressive development plan in the Utica? And I've got a couple of follow-ups, please.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug. I think, again, we haven't finalized our business plan for next year. I think as we've done in the past, we will put that capital to wherever the best return is. And so obviously, as we appraise and understand the Three Forks, and that's going very well by the way, the Three Forks are actually some of our best wells in the play, we'll allocate capital between the Middle Bakken and Three Forks to drive whatever the highest return is.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But in terms of the absolute rig count and activity level, Greg, as -- I mean, as you get to cash breakeven, are you going to step that up a bit or maintain the current operating plan?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think, again, Doug, we're still finalizing our plans for next year and the following year. So too early to kind of be specific on that. But suffice it to say, it'll be an aggressive program for the Bakken.
John B. Hess: I think, Doug, how we think about it conceptually, and Greg and I were up in North Dakota a couple of weeks ago, our team is doing an outstanding job and our hat's off to them really working on capital efficiency, is Greg in his remarks talked about down spacing. And also, less of our money going forward is going to be for infrastructure. So there'll be more money for drilling. So we're really coming forward now with optimizing our investment program for next year and the year after. And as we get that defined, obviously, we'll be able to share it with you.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: A couple of follow-ups, please. John, latest thoughts on a potential -- I guess I was going to say restructuring, but that's not the right word. A potential MLP of the midstream business led by Tioga?
John P. Rielly: Sure. So as I mentioned, Doug, we are on track. By 2015, we'll be -- we are going to be looking at monetizing that Bakken infrastructure. And obviously, an MLP is a potential key strategy for doing that. We are -- the big key to this, as Greg had mentioned, is to complete the Tioga Gas Plant. So we have all hands on deck to complete that expansion at the end of this year. What we're looking to do is then, as we start 2014, to begin to break out the midstream segment. So to be able to start reporting kind of EBITDA as we see going forward and how the midstream segment would operate, with the goal again of being ready in 2015 to be able to monetize or have an MLP in place for the Bakken assets.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Right. But, John, an outright sale as opposed to an MLP, is that possible given that -- I mean, MLPs need growth, and if you don't have a lot of drop downs, would a potential trade sale be on the table as well or not?
John P. Rielly: Well, first of all, we'll look at all options, but it doesn't appear that, that would be the case, Doug and why we see good growth in that midstream asset. So one, we've got several types of assets that can be put into it, in the Bakken. One is the rail terminal aspect. So you can always start with a drop down of pieces of it. So you have the rail terminal, you have all the gathering facilities that are in place and then you have the gas plant. And so we view, one, that there's great growth in this business; and two, we want to maintain control because control is critical for us, as you would ask before, about us ramping up our production in the Bakken. And with the production growth coming through that, obviously, drive some growth. And as we move forward, we have other potential assets in our portfolio that can be included in the midstream and also will drive growth. So we see some good growth there, and it looks like it can provide very good value for our shareholders.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Last one for me, maybe to John Hess. John, it looks like you're going to do substantially better than the disposal proceeds, and a lot of people I think expect it. What's the chances of upsizing the buyback? And what is the mechanism of implementing the buyback? And I'll leave it there.
John B. Hess: I'm going to let John Rielly answer the buyback question.
John P. Rielly: So where we are right now, Doug, from a planning standpoint, I could talk at a high level, as John mentioned earlier, we're in a position to begin repurchasing the shares under our $4 billion authorization. So we have an authorization up to $4 billion. We expect the repurchases to be spread fairly consistently over time. And as a result, we will incur short-term debt periodically as we purchase shares in advance of receiving divestiture proceeds. So just to -- as part of that, any such debt we incur will be paid off with subsequent sale proceeds like the Energy Marketing transaction that we have. And then we'll keep you informed of our progress with the plan on future quarterly conference calls. It's just early to say anything more with that as far as our share repurchase plan.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Sankey, Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Could I just follow-up straightaway on the buyback versus debt-type question? Do you have a target, a notional longer-term target for leverage now? I know in the past you've given one.
John P. Rielly: The way we're looking right now. As you saw, we're under 20% of our debt cap. And our portfolio as we see going forward, as John had mentioned, in 2014, we've always referred to that as type of -- the tipping point with our portfolio, where free cash flow will approach our capital spend. And post 2014, our portfolio can deliver this 5% to 8% growth that we have targeted with our cash flow from operations. So from that standpoint, we don't have to increase debt. So there's no increase in leverage planned from that standpoint. And again, with the share repurchases, again, we are funding that with our proceeds from asset sales. So we're very comfortable that we will have a very strong balance sheet. And obviously, from that standpoint, we're not looking to lever up going forward but we'd be in a position if their commodity prices decrease, that our balance sheet would be able to handle any cash flow deficits that could occur from that standpoint. So we like our leverage where it is.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On the announcement of the Bakken monetization of the midstream, is there any implication there for the spin of the entire Bakken that was mooted? Are the board -- is the board considering that spin now?
John B. Hess: Obviously, the board will consider all moves to maximize shareholder value. But the plan we've outlined as a pure play E&P, having both the onshore and offshore business, we think, is the best way to maximize value. And the best way we're going to do that is to focus on the execution of the plan that we've outlined already.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes. Okay. So to be very clear, I think that the announcements of the MLP doesn't have any implications for any potential or not, spin of the Bakken.
John B. Hess: Not at all. And to reemphasize John Rielly's point, it's very important that, regardless of the financial structure that we move forward with our infrastructure in the Bakken, it could be an MLP, it could be a joint venture. Hess will continue to control and operate that infrastructure. That's essential for our future production and controlling that and accessing the markets as we move forward.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Robert Kessler, Tudor, Pickering and Holt.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to see if you wouldn't mind quantifying the degree to which you generate RIN in your -- I assume your terminal business or retail as the case may be?
John P. Rielly: Sure. I mean, we are in a position that we are benefiting from the current RIN environment. Now just to point out, Hess does remain an obligated party for RINs because we do import transportation fuel to meet marketing's gasoline demand. But our retail and terminal networks do generate more renewable credits than required to meet our supply needs. In the second quarter, our excess RINs generated a $17-million after-tax benefit. So that's what it was in the second quarter. If you're looking at the third quarter, I would tell you, we're generating RINs around $20 million a month of excess RINs. So if you were to take the current pricing that's in place right now and just say you sold all the RINs at that price for the third quarter, you could expect us to record an after-tax benefit in the $35 million to $40 million. Now, again, that's additional, so that would be in the second quarter with the $17 million already been recorded in the first quarter. Now, however, I have to add this -- and it's not quantifiable. But the cost of RINs rising in recent months has led to some RIN sharing, I'll call it, at the wholesale level, which is reducing our retail fuel margins and offsetting some of the direct benefit from selling the excess RINs.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Now how do you think about this as it relates to marketing the assets? I mean, presumably different buyers might have different interests as far as how much value they attribute to their RIN integration. Are you considering different options as far as whether it's packaged with the terminals or retail or sold independent of the other 2 pieces?
John B. Hess: Yes. Each one of our businesses, the terminal business and the retail business, will be divested separately to maximize value. Processes for those, as well as Indonesia, Thailand and our trading business are underway. Obviously, it's premature to share any details, but we're going to obviously pursue all alternatives to maximize value.
John P. Rielly: If you don't mind, I just want to make sure I clarify this point out. When I said the $35 million to $40 million, that would be a third quarter benefit. I guess I had said second quarter. So that's a third quarter, and the RINs generate a $17 million after-tax benefit in the second quarter. So just to make sure I got that right.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then separately from me, the Bakken rail dynamics and pipe dynamics out of the basin have shifted quite a bit in recent weeks. I'm wondering what you might be seeing so far in the third quarter as it relates to your movement of third-party volumes by rail versus by pipe.
John B. Hess: Right. Through the second quarter, we have been maximizing our rail shipments between 53,000 and 55,000 barrels a day out of Tioga. In July, as you rightfully point out, the market dynamics shifted where the WTI/Brent spread started to narrow, and it even narrowed more in August. As a consequence, because we have 3 alternatives to maximize our net backs of our crude in North Dakota, one is supplying local refinery, another is accessing pipeline Enbridge for the mid-continent, and the third is our rail. We were in a position to maximize value by moving approximately 4,500 barrels a day in July to pipeline markets and up that number to 12,000 barrels a day to pipeline markets in August. Right now, where the differentials are looking forward, the rail is actually more attractive again. And remember, the rail doesn't just go to St. James. It also goes to the East Coast and West Coast. So we're in a unique position to capture the highest value wherever the market offers it, and we continue to do so.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Arjun Murti, Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of quick ones. I think, John, you mentioned the pro forma x asset sales number for 2013. Is the 2014 number still the 3 25 [ph] to 3 40 [ph]I think you'd previously articulated?
John P. Rielly: Yes. There's no change in our guidance. Our guidance was that our pro forma production in 2012 was 289,000 barrels a day. And then by 2014, we would have aggregate mid-teens growth there, and there's no change in that. And again, the growth driven by Bakken, Valhall and Tubular Bells coming online.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And just one follow-up on the Bakken. I think in part, the lower-cost savings comes from a different completion methodology. It looks like the IPs are still doing quite well. I don't know, Greg, if there's any additional color on how you're feeling about overall EURs or what they might be with the changing completion methodology?
Gregory P. Hill: Sorry, I didn't have my mic on. Yes, I think the EURs are within the range that we've discussed previously. We're a little bit at the higher end of the range in the second quarter versus the first quarter. Completion costs continued to come down this quarter. That was due to efficiency as a result of pad drilling, as well as some pricing concessions that we got some frac contracts.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Guy Baber, Simmons & Company.
Guy A. Baber - Simmons & Company International, Research Division: Just one quick one from me, but I was just hoping you could address some of the planned maintenance at Valhall in a little bit more detail? Because I didn't recall any maintenance there being telegraphed at the time of the last call, and obviously, that asset has had some significant downtime since the second half of last year. But was that strictly related to the Ekofisk shutdown? Or was there anything specific you had to address there at Valhall? Just hoping for a little bit more detail there. And then if you could just confirm your confidence in the longer-term targets there as well.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So on the first thing, no. This was all just planned maintenance at Ekofisk. So Valhall was taken down for a month, and I do believe that we telegraphed that earlier, that, that was an upcoming maintenance event in the second quarter. I think over the long haul, our strategy is the same. Just work with the operator, BP, to get that facility as maximum capacity as possible. And we are at -- in July, we're back up around 26,000 barrels a day on Valhall.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Malone, Mizuho Securities.
John T. Malone - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: So one question on Ghana and on Kurdistan. You said the data rooms will be open, if not now, it will be open shortly. Do you expect to get partners in there before the end of 2013? And can you kind of give a range of what your ideal routine working interest would be in both of those assets?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think as we've said before, part of our exploration strategy is to reduce our higher working interest opportunity set. So -- and as we said before, it's going to be case-by-case. But this kind of 40% kind of a working interest would be our ideal sweet spot. Regarding timing, again, the data rooms have -- in Kurdistan have just opened. Obviously, we would like to get a partner as soon as possible in Kurdistan because we'll start drilling in August. And then on Ghana, the data room hasn't opened yet but will open imminently. And clearly, we'd like to get a partner in there as soon as possible as well. So...
John T. Malone - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: And then just getting back to the Bakken for a second. It looks like in this quarter you had to do a higher proportion of gas and production. Is that a trend that ought to continue? And how does the Tioga refit influence that higher proportion of gas?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think with time, as the Tioga Gas Plant comes on, you will end up with a little bit higher proportion of gas in your stream. But it won't be a significant major shift.
John T. Malone - Mizuho Securities USA Inc., Research Division: Okay. So the proportion we're at now, I think, will go up a little bit from the proportion of gas in Q...
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Yes. Go up slightly. Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Paul Cheng, Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, earlier, talking about the farm down on Ghana and Kurdistan, what is the primary consideration when you consider that weather is going to come in? Is it a financial consideration? Or is that -- more importantly, is on the other strategic indication that may represent?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think there's 2 -- there's 2 drivers. I think on Ghana, obviously, the main driver there is reduce some financial exposure, right, for Ghana. And then for Kurdistan, it's the same, reduce some financial exposure, but also reduce risk. This -- Paul, if you recall, this is part of our overall exploration strategy to reduce working interest in order to allow us to get more drill bit exposure for the same investment. So obviously, if I'm 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, I can drill 3x as many wells as if I'm 100%.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Sure. Totally agree. I just want to see that -- I mean, is the most important -- in terms of who going to win the bid, is it based on how much they pay you? Or there is other factor is more important? I guess that's my question.
Gregory P. Hill: I think there's other -- yes, I think there's other factors. I mean, obviously, price will be a key consideration. But if you think about Ghana, we would obviously look at the technical capability of the partner as well as being an important consideration in that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But will you be looking at that -- sort of like a swapping asset in the case of Ghana? Or that's not really the preferred route?
Gregory P. Hill: That's not really the preferred route.
John B. Hess: It's getting someone with a financial capability to help us reduce risk and maximize value for the risk we will be taking. So I would say the economic concerns would be the primary one.
Gregory P. Hill: Right.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And John Rielly earlier, based on the way that you talk about the buyback, have you already started the buyback? Or that you are still waiting for the Energy Marketing deal to be closed before you start?
John P. Rielly: We have not started the buyback, so just to be clear on that. And then to your question, no, we're in a position now that we expect our repurchases to be spread over time. And as I said, we can incur debt here periodically because we will be buying shares back prior to receiving divestiture proceeds. So we won't be waiting for the Energy Marketing proceeds.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But will you start the buyback, say, in the third quarter? Or that is going to be later?
John P. Rielly: So I mean -- we want to keep this at a high level from a planning standpoint. So we clearly -- as with the Energy Marketing sale, which we expect to close in the fourth quarter, we will be buying ahead of that. So yes, we do expect to start in the third quarter, but I don't want to say anything more than that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. That's fair. And John, when you -- earlier, that you're talking about the potential tax leakage on the asset sales would be less than 5%, is that also based on the assumption that you're going to sell the retail and not a tax-based spin-off?
John P. Rielly: So from an overall standpoint, right, we're on dual track on the retail. But from -- either way, if we're looking at that from a overall asset sale proceeds, including E&P, yes, we still say it will be less than 5% of the overall proceeds.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So even if you're going to sell retail, not tax-based spin-off, you'll still be less than 5% do you believe?
John B. Hess: I think the key point there, Paul, is we are going to pursue all alternatives to maximize value for retail, and it's just premature to share any details further than that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Greg, on Utica, on the liquid [ph], can you tell us what is the liquid [ph]? Is this C3, C4, C5, C6? I mean, what kind of component are we talking about?
Gregory P. Hill: Sorry, I had to -- sorry, I had to turn my mic on and I apologize for that. It's -- for the majority of the wells that we've tested so far, so the ones in second quarter, the one that I quoted of 2,250 barrel equivalents per day, that's got about 360 barrels of condensate in it. So -- and some NGLs. So of that 2,250, 57% is liquids on an all-in basis. So really, Paul, it really just depends on where you are in this play. We're still delineating all of those lines. Where is the condensate? Where is NGLs? Where is dry gas? And so it's a mixed bag right now.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So you're still not seeing an established pattern based on the well that you test in terms of this split between condensate and NGL?
Gregory P. Hill: We just don't have enough well data yet. Just keep in mind, as far as tests, since 2012, we only have 12 or 13 wells that we've tested. So it's still very early, and we're trying to appraise all those various windows as industry is doing as well.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And that -- Greg, when we're talking about Bakken, you had debt target of 120,000-barrel per day back, I think, in 2000 -- maybe in late 2009, 2010, early? And that target, is that already -- you incorporate your potential in Three Forks or just on the Middle Bakken?
Gregory P. Hill: No. I think we -- either/or, I guess, is how I would answer that. It's mainly going to be a function of how much capital you put in and how fast you ramp it up. Because we will interchange Three Forks and Middle Bakken wells as necessary, again, trying to go where the highest return is. So [indiscernible].
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No, I understand. Just saying that in terms of the resource potential, can -- including the Three Forks and the Middle Bakken, can they support even bigger than 120,000? I guess that's my question. Or the resources really can only support 120,000?
Gregory P. Hill: No, no, no. They could definitely support a higher peak rate. And again, it's just going to be a function of how much capital you put into the Bakken on an annual basis. Right? [indiscernible] the resource is there.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two final questions. One, John, do you have a number that, in terms of what is the unit operating costs at Bakken in the second quarter and in terms of the cash operating cost and including the transportation cost? And second one, just want to confirm, you said that you generate about 20 million gallons a month in the excess RIN. I just want to confirm that number.
John P. Rielly: So, yes, Paul. It's 20 million a month of excess RINs that we generate per month. And then as far as the Bakken unit costs, in general, our guidance has been -- is that our operating cash costs, including production taxes, are a bit below our portfolio average that we have for the overall portfolio. And our unit DD&A costs, including all the infrastructure-related costs associated with it, are higher than our portfolio average. And we do anticipate, and it has been happening, that our unit cash costs will decline as volumes increase and that the unit DD&A will also decrease going forward as a result of increasing the reserve bookings relative to investment. And also, as John mentioned earlier, decreasing infrastructure spend.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Sure. Just a request, if possible, that in your supplemental data, that it's great that you put all those information on Bakken, if you can also add on the operating cost and the DD&A, that would be really helpful.
John P. Rielly: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Pavel Molchanov, Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: You referenced the appraisal plan in Ghana. Any sense of the timetable for getting approval on that? And any particular conditions or -- that you're concerned about?
John B. Hess: Greg and I were in Ghana. I met with the top government officials in June, got a very warm reception and encouragement, and the ball is in their court to tell us when they will approve the appraisal program. But I would say the signs are encouraging, as well as the signs for us bringing in a partner or partners. So we have a very good relationship there, and the ball is in their court. And when we have something to report, we will tell you.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Understood. And regardless of when you get approval, what's the anticipated timetable for bringing Ghana onto production?
Gregory P. Hill: So I think -- so just the timetable, would be -- once we get approval of the appraisal plan, then the clock runs for 2 years for that appraisal period. Obviously, in parallel, we're doing pre-FEED studies. So the soonest that you would be able to sanction the project would be at the end of that 2-year appraisal program. Then you have to submit a development plan to the government and go through the approval process there. So the soonest you would be able to submit that plan would be at the end of the appraisal program.
John B. Hess: As we pointed out before, it doesn't factor in -- assuming the investment would be attractive returns versus other opportunities we have, it doesn't factor in our 5-year production forecast. It's beyond that. So it's beyond 2017.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of John Herrlin, Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Just a couple of quick ones for me. Greg, you didn't mention the China shale JV? Is there anything you can talk about with that?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure. We signed -- I was in China last week and signed a PSC for -- which covers about 200,000 gross acres in the Santanghu Basin in the northwest part of China. It's a phased program. And under this contract, we're going to invest about $25 million over 2 years to drill 2 vertical wells and one horizontal sidetrack. So a very small amount of money to kind of do a proof-of-concept.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Any kind of update on Pony? Or still working on that?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. No, I think the partners are working towards a sanction pack. Early 2014 would be when we would anticipate a sanction decision.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Regarding partnering with both Kurdistan and Ghana, are you looking for a carry or a heads-up deal? Or promote, basically?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Obviously, we're looking for some form of carry.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. And last one from me. For the new slim-fasted Hess, approximately what will be ballpark on the headcount? Because obviously, you have a lot of people in retail. I was just curious.
John B. Hess: Well, obviously, the retail would be out of the headcount. The exact type of numbers, we're working on and finalizing and not in a position to give you the final details on it yet, but it will be a significantly slimmer headcount because we're just going to be a pure play E&P, and we'll be right-sized to support that.
Operator: And at this time, ladies and gentlemen, as there are no further questions in the queue, this will conclude the second quarter 2013 Hess Corporation earnings conference call. They thank you for your participation, and you may now disconnect. Have a great rest of your day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-24 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory P. Hill - President of Worldwide Exploration & Production, Executive Vice President and Director  John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Eliot Javanmardi - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Scott Willis - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2013 Hess Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Matthew, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Matthew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. These risks include those set forth in the Risk Factors section of Hess's annual and quarterly reports filed with the SEC. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments, after which Greg Hill will provide an operational date and John Rielly will review our financial results. As most of you are aware, our management team and Board of Directors have been in the process of undertaking a multiyear transformation of Hess Corporation into a more focused, higher-growth, lower-risk pure-play E&P company. We are successfully executing our plan and are gratified by the results of our first quarter adjusted earnings of $669 million, which, from last year's first quarter of $509 million, represents an increase of 31%. We achieved these results even after the loss of production from the sale of our interest in the Beryl, Schiehallion and Bittern Fields in the United Kingdom North Sea, as well as the downtime associated with the Valhall redevelopment project in Norway. This accomplishment, in the context of our continuing transformation, bears testimony to the focus, commitment and hard work of our dedicated team of senior managers and employees. While we will get into the financial details behind these results later, I would like to spend the next few minutes reviewing the progress we have made toward becoming a pure-play E&P company. On March 4 of this year, we announced the final steps of the strategy, with 3 overarching goals: one, that we continue to reshape our upstream portfolio and exit our remaining downstream operations; two, that the proceeds from these divestitures be allocated both to fund the company's future growth and provide substantial current returns to shareholders; and three, that Hess deliver on its forecast of 5% to 8% compound average annual growth in production. In just the 7 weeks since this announcement, we have made substantial additional progress toward achieving these goals. Let me start with an update on our divestitures. Both the Azerbaijan and Beryl asset sales were closed in the first quarter, yielding after-tax proceeds of $880 million and $440 million, respectively. We agreed to the sale of our acreage in the Eagle Ford shale play in Texas for $265 million, relieving our company of approximately $500 million of capital expenditures over the next several years. On April 1, we announced an agreement to sell 100% of Samara-Nafta in Russia to LUKOIL for $2.05 billion. Hess has a 90% ownership position in Samara-Nafta. Last week, LUKOIL received the consent of the Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service to acquire the asset. We expect to close this transaction within the next week. Work is also underway on the divestment of our upstream assets in both Indonesia and Thailand, as well as the processes to exit our downstream terminals, retail, energy marketing and trading businesses. We will apply the proceeds from our recent divestitures, including Russia, to reduce debt and strengthen our balance sheet so the company will have the financial flexibility both to fund its future growth and also to direct most of the proceeds from additional asset sales to return capital directly to shareholders. We expect the $4 billion share repurchase plan to begin in the second half of this year. In addition, we will increase our annual dividend to $1 per share beginning in the third quarter of 2013. Lastly, we are continuing to make excellent progress toward delivering our production growth forecast of 5% to 8% per year compounded annually. To that end, net production from the Bakken Shale oil play in North Dakota, our principal engine of growth, averaged 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter, an increase of 55% over the year ago quarter. We continue to forecast Bakken production this year to average between 64,000 and 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our average well cost from drilling the Bakken in the first quarter was $8.6 million, a decline of 36% from the first quarter last year and a continuation of a steady downward trend since the beginning of 2012. We believe our operating performance in the Bakken ranks among the best. In the emerging Utica Shale play, we continue to execute our appraisal program and remain encouraged by the results. In addition, the Valhall Field redevelopment is complete, and our focus is on the drilling campaign to increase production. We also continue to advance our development projects at Tubular Bells in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the North Malay Basin in the Gulf of Thailand, and we will submit our appraisal plan for offshore Ghana to the government in the second quarter. Greg will further elaborate on our operating results in a moment. As you can see from this brief overview, we are making substantial progress toward our goal of becoming a pure-play E&P company. However, there is still much to do. With the commitment of our people and their focus, we are confident that we will continue to successfully execute our program and deliver value to our shareholders. With that, I would now like to turn the call over to Greg Hill, who will bring you up to date on some of the operational details behind these results.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. First, I'd like to comment on the recent changes to our portfolio announced on March 4. And then I'd like to provide an update of our progress in executing against our three-pronged growth strategy of unconventionals, exploitation and focused exploration. As John mentioned, we've taken numerous actions this quarter to ensure our portfolio is focused on higher-growth, lower-risk assets. During the first quarter, we announced that we had reached agreements to sell our interest in several noncore assets, including ACG, Beryl and the Eagle Ford, and began the process to divest our assets in Indonesia and Thailand. On April 1, just after quarter end, we also announced an agreement to sell Samara-Nafta in Russia. We expect to close the Samara-Nafta transaction in the second quarter for net proceeds of approximately $1.8 billion, generating an after-tax gain on sale of approximately $900 million. The ACG and Beryl transactions resulted in gains of $360 million and $323 million, respectively. While we incurred an after-tax loss in the fourth quarter of 2012 of $192 million related to the sale of our Eagle Ford position, we were not able to establish a core acreage position there, and we'll now be able to reallocate approximately $500 million in future capital expenditures to higher-return opportunities in our portfolio. Following these divestitures, roughly 80% of our remaining reserves in production will be confined to 5 principal geographical areas. These 5 areas can be described as long-lived, good-margin areas with low-risk growth that leverage our capabilities and competitive advantage. The opportunities within these 5 areas reflect our three-pronged strategy for future growth through: one, unconventionals, with growth driven primarily from the Bakken and Utica; two, exploitation, with growth driven by Tubular Bells, Valhall and North Malay Basin; and three, focused exploration in areas such as Ghana. This balanced strategy underpins our forecast of 5% to 8% compound average annual growth in production. Now let me turn to our progress in executing against each leg of this growth strategy, starting with the first element of our strategy, unconventionals. We continue to make excellent progress towards our mid-decade goal of achieving net production of 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day from the Bakken. First quarter net production was 65,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 55% from the first quarter of 2012 and in line with our previous guidance for 2013. As a result of our transition to pad drilling, as previously discussed, production will be relatively flat through May as we continue to build the inventory of drilled but not completed wells. Production will increase substantially in the second half of 2013 as we ramp up our completion activity. We remain confident in our 2013 Bakken production forecast of between 64,000 and 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In terms of individual Bakken well performance, we are focused on driving high returns, which, as you know, is a function of both well cost and well productivity. Well cost for the first quarter averaged $8.6 million per well, down 36% from $13.4 million per well in the first quarter of 2012 and down from $9 million per well in the fourth quarter of 2013. The continued quarter-and-quarter in cost has been driven by our application of Lean manufacturing techniques. Our productivity continues to be the highest in industry, as 10 of the top 25 wells in the North Dakota Bakken play in 2012 were Hess wells. Therefore, considering well cost and productivity coupled with higher margins from our infrastructure, we believe we're one of the most competitive Bakken operators, and there is much more optimization to come. During the quarter, we brought 30 wells on to production, of which 21 were Middle Bakken and 9 were Three Forks. For the full year, we expect to bring approximately 175 wells on to production with 2/3 targeting the Middle Bakken and 1/3 targeting the Three Forks. Our Tioga rail facility ran at capacity in the first quarter, delivering an average of 53,000 barrels per day to higher-value markets. Our Tioga Gas Plant expansion project is on schedule to be commissioned at the end of 2013, which will enable us to capture more value from our own gas and third-party volumes. In summary, our long-lived, high-margin Bakken asset continues to deliver relatively low-risk growth that leverages our capability and competitive advantage. Operational performance is firmly on track as our team continues to focus on execution, capital efficiency and profitable production growth. Turning to the Utica. The appraisal of our acreage continues, and we are increasingly encouraged by our well results to date. In the first quarter, 4 wells were drilled, 7 were completed and 5 were flow tested. 3 of the 5 tested wells were operated by Hess. On our 100% owned acreage, we tested 2 wells during the quarter. Capstone 2H9 well in Belmont County tested at a rate of 2,242 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 42% liquids; and the NAC 4H-20 well in Jefferson County tested at a rate of 7.5 million cubic feet per day of dry gas. On our joint venture acreage, we tested the Jeffco 1H-6 well in Harrison County at a rate of 1,432 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 20% liquids. Also, as previously announced, the Athens 1H-24 well, also in Harrison County, was tested in late 2012 with a rate of 4,230 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 59% liquids. Although still very early days in the appraisal phase, these well results are encouraging. In 2013, we and our partner, CONSOL, plan to drill approximately 30 wells across both our 100% owned and joint venture acreage. Turning to the second element of our strategy, exploitation. Progress continues at Tubular Bells, Valhall and North Malay Basin. At our 57% owned and operated Tubular Bells development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, our first production well was drilled during the first quarter and encountered 146 feet of net pay, which is 46% higher than predrill prognosis. We are currently drilling the second production well, and facilities construction is on schedule for field startup in mid-2014 to deliver 25,000 net barrels of oil equivalent per day of high-margin production. At the BP-operated Valhall Field in Norway, in which Hess has a 64% interest, field redevelopment project completed, and the operator resumed production on January 26. In the first quarter of 2013, net production was 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day as the operator began to ramp up facilities and resolve routine start-up issues. Full year 2013 net production from Valhall was forecast by the operator to be in the range of 24,000 to 28,000 barrels of oil per day, which we believe will come in at the lower end of this range. Looking forward, our primary focus is to work with the operator to grow production over the coming years, leveraging the chalk reservoir drilling and completion capability we have developed in South Arne in Denmark. Two drilling rigs are working in the field currently, with the goal of bringing 6 new wells online during 2013. In Southeast Asia, we continue to demonstrate our project execution capability. In the Malaysia-Thailand Joint Development Area, we installed our eighth wellhead platform in the first quarter on time and on budget. At North Malay Basin, we installed a jacket and topsides for the early production system in April and plan to start development drilling at midyear. The project is on track to commence first gas in the fourth quarter of 2013 at a net rate of approximately 40 million cubic feet per day. We also continue to advance full field development scheduled for first gas in 2016, which will increase net production to approximately 125 million cubic feet per day. Turning to the final element of our strategy, focused exploration. We announced in February our seventh consecutive discovery in Ghana, Pecan North-1. Drilling performance in Ghana has been top quartile with cost for the last 3 wells, which were drilled in 6,000 to 8,500 feet of water, averaging $40 million per well. Discussions regarding the appraisal plans for the block are ongoing with the Ghanaian government. In closing, we are on plan with respect to both our strategic positioning and operating performance. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the first quarter of 2013 to the fourth quarter of 2012. But before I begin, I want to highlight some changes we have made in our first quarter earnings release and supplemental data. As a result of the corporation's previously announced plans to divest its downstream businesses and complete its transformation into a pure-play Exploration and Production company, we have presented the after-tax downstream results for all periods as discontinued operations. With this change, we now operate with 2 segments: an Exploration and Production segment and a Corporate and Other segment, which is primarily comprised of corporate and interest expenses. As a pure-play E&P company, we have made various changes to the financial and operating data in the earnings release. For example, in the income statement, our previously reported production expenses have been split into 2 lines: operating costs and expenses; and production and severance taxes. In the operating data, we provided quarterly sales volumes in addition to a more detailed breakout of production volumes. Finally, as we have done in the past, we have filed our supplemental earnings presentation on our website. We have added quarterly operational data for the Bakken and pro forma E&P results for 2012 and 2013 to the supplemental presentation. The pro forma information presents our results as if our asset divestiture program had all been completed effective January 1, 2012, so that we can present a historical comparison of the performance for the remaining portfolio. Turning to consolidated results. The Corporation generated consolidated net income of $1,276,000,000 in the first quarter of 2013 compared with $374 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. As a result of progress in our transformation, there are a number of special items in the quarter. Excluding the items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, the corporation had earnings of $669 million in the first quarter of 2013 compared with $409 million in the previous quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production. E&P had income of $1,286,000,000 in the first quarter of 2013 and $325 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, E&P had income of $698 million in the first quarter of 2013 and $431 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. First quarter results included after-tax gains totaling $683 million related to the sales of our interest in the Beryl and ACG fields. First quarter results also included an after-tax charge of $67 million for employee severance costs and a noncash income tax charge of $28 million as a result of a planned divestiture. Fourth quarter 2012 results included net after-tax charges of $106 million from items affecting comparability of earnings between periods. Excluding these items, the changes in after-tax components of the results were as follows: higher realized selling prices increased earnings by $148 million; lower exploration expenses improved earnings by $94 million; lower operating cost increased income by $57 million; the mix of sales volumes decreased earnings by $17 million; all other items net to a decrease in earnings of $15 million, for an overall increase in first quarter adjusted earnings of $267 million. Our E&P crude oil operations were over-lifted compared with production by approximately 300,000 barrels in the quarter, which increased after-tax income by approximately $10 million. Our E&P cash operating costs were $21.20 per barrel of oil equivalent for the first quarter of 2013, and our guidance range for the full year remains $21 to $22 per barrel. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses were $19.28 per barrel for the quarter, and our guidance range remains $19 to $20 per barrel for the full year. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, was 42% for the first quarter of 2013, which was below our guidance due to the start-up of production from the Valhall Field. The full year E&P effective income tax rate is still expected to be in the range of 46% to 50%. We have Brent crude oil hedges covering 90,000 barrels of oil per day at a price of approximately $109.70 per barrel that are in place for the remainder of 2013. Turning to Corporate and Other. Corporate expenses were $44 million in the first quarter of 2013 compared with $43 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Corporate expenses in the first quarter of 2013 included an after-tax charge of $11 million for employee severance costs. After-tax interest expense was $66 million in the first quarter of 2013 compared with $67 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. Turning to Marketing and Refining, which are now classified as discontinued operations. Marketing and Refining earnings were $100 million in the first quarter of 2013 and $159 million in the fourth quarter of 2012. As a result of ceasing refining operations at the Port Reading facility in February, first quarter 2013 results included after-tax income of $137 million relating to the liquidation of LIFO inventories, partially offset by after-tax charges totaling $64 million comprised of accelerated depreciation and other shutdown costs. In addition, an after-tax charge of $43 million was recorded for employee severance costs related to our plan to exit the corporation's downstream businesses. Fourth quarter 2012 results included net after-tax income of $71 million from items affecting comparability of earnings between periods. Turning to our financial position. We are applying the proceeds from our asset sales program in order to have the financial flexibility to both fund growth and provide current returns to shareholders. To fund our growth, we have committed that the proceeds from divestitures would be sequentially applied to: first, repay short-term debt of approximately $2.5 billion; second, to provide a $1 billion cash cushion; third, to fund the 2013 cash flow deficit; and four, to return cash to shareholders by repurchasing up to $4 billion of shares. In addition, as John Hess stated earlier, the corporation will increase its annual dividend starting in the third quarter of 2013. Subsequent to our March 4 announcement of our transformation to a pure-play E&P company, S&P, Moody's and Fitch all maintained our mid-BBB rating. Following the completion of the sale of our Russian subsidiary, Samara-Nafta, we will be able to repay all remaining outstanding short-term debt and begin building our cash cushion. As John Hess mentioned earlier, we expect to begin our share repurchase program in the second half of this year as further planned asset sales are completed. During the first quarter of 2013, the corporation generated net cash from continuing and discontinued operations of $819 million. The cash provided by operations, together with proceeds from asset sales of $1,326,000,000 and cash on hand, were used to fund $1,521,000,000 of capital expenditures and repay $752 million of outstanding borrowings. We had $444 million of cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2013 and $642 million at December 31, 2012. Total debt was $7,376,000,000 at March 31, 2013 and $8,111,000,000 at December 31, 2012. And the corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio was 24.7% at March 31, 2013, compared with 27.7% at the end of 2012. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Doug Terreson of ISI.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So I wanted to see -- a strategic question. I wanted to see if we can get an updated view on Australia in light of the recent commentary that Woodside is no longer going to seek third-party gas for its Pluto development. And then second, the next steps or plan for the other position, the one in the Beetaloo Basin in Australia. So 2 Australia questions.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, thanks, Doug. On your first question related to the offshore position in Western Australia 390-P, recall we are negotiating with 3 different parties for liquefaction of that gas. And so there's other parties besides Woodside in the mix. And both discussions are continuing with the parties. For the second thing on the Beetaloo Basin, we're in the process of processing the new seismic that we just shot. And then we have to make a drill-or-drop decision by midyear, and so that's where we are in the process.
Douglas Terreson - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Midyear '13?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Roger Read of Wells Fargo.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I guess, following up on your Bakken expectations, can you walk us through maybe right now -- I mean, are we seeing production actually declining into the month of May and kind of reflecting depletion rates? And then obviously, as wells come on, beginning in May all the way through the end of the year, production ramps up and could exceed your level, or 70 is really as good as it gets in 2013? I'm just trying to understand the moving parts there.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think as we announced previously, as a result of our switch to pad drilling from held-by-production drilling, you build inventory of drilled but not completed wells. So your completion rate is lower than what it was last year. So as a result of that, your production for the first 5 months of the year is flat to slightly declining. In the first quarter, our production was 65. For the next couple of months, that could decline just a little bit. So it'll be flattish. And then as we put wells on completion as we move the completion spreads in, our completion rate really doubles the last half of the year. So our production is very much back-end loaded for the year. As we said in the opening remarks, we feel confident of our range of 64,000 to 70,000 barrels a day.
Roger D. Read - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then on Ghana, what -- is there a timeline we can think about there in terms of -- okay, obviously great success story on the exploration front. You start working with the government here. I mean, I say "start working." You already have been. But any expectations for when something might occur there that you could talk about in terms of a future development plan or anything like that?
Gregory P. Hill: Sure, I think -- so there's 2 things that we have to do. The first thing, which is the most important piece of business right now for us, is to get the approval -- appraisal program approved by the government. That has to occur by midyear, and so we're in the process of having those discussions with the Ghanaian government. In parallel, we're also doing predevelopment studies. Now once we get the appraisal program approved by the government, then we have a 2-year clock to get our appraisal activities done. So that kind of lays out a time frame for you. Lots of appraisal activity over the next couple of years, predevelopment studies in parallel, and then we aim to make a decision, obviously, after that appraisal period is done.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Eliot Javanmardi from Capital One Southcoast.
Eliot Javanmardi - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division: Just a question. You spoke about, in the last quarter, your expectations for your Middle Bakken wells in EURs, and I want to say the range between 600,000 to 700,000 barrels equivalent. Are you seeing something along those lines with that range in the Middle Bakken? And also, I don't know if you can, but could you give us maybe a percentage acreage split on what you have in the Middle Bakken and Three Forks?
Gregory P. Hill: And I think as we said in our opening remarks, we plan to drill about 1/3 of our wells in the Middle Bakken this year, right? And 2/3 of the wells this year will be -- or sorry, 1/3 Three Forks, 2/3 Middle Bakken wells this year. Regarding your question on EUR, the range is still valid. The EURs in the first quarter that came out of the wells that we drilled were in the low 600,000s.
Eliot Javanmardi - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division: Very good. Last question, then. With the increasing appraisal activity likely for Ghana, should we expect the exploration budget to -- exploration appraisal budget to swell a bit in the coming years versus where we are now?
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think as we've guided previously, this $500 million to $600 million level is where we want to keep that budget. So we're going to fit -- live within those means.
Eliot Javanmardi - Capital One Southcoast, Inc., Research Division: Excellent. And lastly, on the Utica well, the Capstone well, could you -- was there a timing duration you guys could give on the results that you provided there? If not, I'll just leave it at that.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. On the Utica wells, we're trying to give comparables to what all the competitors are giving, so that -- these are early-time tests, right? Typically, 24-hour kind of test, right?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Greg, on the, I guess, the commentary around the Utica and the Bakken, there's a couple of questions, if I may. First of all, on the Bakken, what proportion of your acreage is perspective for Three Forks? And if you could maybe help us with how the activity level there might accelerate given that you're now starting to go to the Three Forks. And I guess a similar question on the Utica in terms of pace of development. I've got a follow-up, please.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug. I think as we previously discussed, the Three Forks underlies the majority of our acreage. And the acreage we consider core, this 550,000 to 650,000 acres, a lot of that is underlined by the Three Forks. Regarding the Three Forks, we have -- at the end of 2012, we had 52 wells in the Three Forks. By the end of this year, we'll have another 65 or so in the Three Forks. So that gives you a sense of where we are. And again, our drilling program, 1/3 Three Forks this year, 2/3 Middle Bakken.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So I guess what I'm really trying to figure out is if you're -- you've essentially doubled your locations, then, if you're saying the Three Forks underlies most of the acreage. So what does that mean in terms of pace of development? I mean, 175 wells seems fairly modest given the opportunity set.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think, Doug, on the Three Forks, while it underlies all our acreage, we still have to do some appraisal of that. Just like everyone else, I think there will be really good parts of the Three Forks, which we've seen, and there may be some not so good parts of the Three Forks. So that's really what we have to figure out in our drilling program this year and next year is how much of that is really, really perspective. Our focus this year, obviously, in 2013 is capital efficiency, so we're going in and drilling some of the best locations in the Three Forks, as well as appraising some of the other acreage.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. So the same question for the Utica in terms of -- are we at the point where you're ready to talk about a development plan yet, or still too early?
Gregory P. Hill: No, Doug, it's -- gosh, it's still too early. I mean, to put it in context if you add up 2012 and 2013, we've drilled 11 wells in '12 and '13 so far, and we've only tested 10. So clearly, we've got a lot more drilling to do. We plan to drill about 30 wells this year. So at the end of this year, we'll have about 42 wells under our belt. And contrast that to the Bakken, of course, where we have over 600 wells. So it's still early days in the Utica. But we're encouraged by the results so far, particularly in Belmont, Jefferson, Harrison counties.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: My quick follow-up is for John Rielly. It's on the operating cost guidance, John. Does that still include Russia? And can you -- now that you've got a deal in Russia, can you give an idea what the OpEx would look like, x Russia? And I'll leave it there.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Doug. And just to let you know, Doug, we do -- it's on our website now in that supplemental presentation, we have pro forma results up there showing what the portfolio would look like with Russia out, and Indonesia and Thailand, all the assets sold as if it went back to the beginning of 2012. But just to give you an answer to your questions here, if you're looking at 2013, what we expect from -- overall, first on our revenue per barrel revenue. Our revenue per barrel will go up over $5 a barrel because of Russia exiting the portfolio. So first, you get that higher uplift, then, on the revenue line. When it comes to cash cost, we see that basically from a guidance standpoint being relatively flat for the full year of pulling out all those assets. In the first quarter, for example, I told you the portfolio had a cash cost of $21.20. On a pro forma basis with the assets sold, it would have been $21.08. Now when it gets to DD&A, when you start removing some of these assets from DD&A, they have a lower overall DD&A rate in the portfolio. So we expect -- I would tell you the guidance then on the DD&A would be about $4 higher from an overall portfolio standpoint. And then, for example, in the first quarter, I said the DD&A rate for the total E&P assets were $19.28; for the first quarter pro forma basis would be $22.45. So that's our cost guidance. And just to round it off to give you all the guidance, on a tax -- what we see from a tax rate standpoint is somewhere around, from a portfolio standpoint, between 100 and 200 basis points higher. And we have some of the U.K. assets, obviously, with tax rates higher than the portfolio, but Russia and Azerbaijan being below it. And that's why the tax rate then effectively goes up. And then we expect, again, as we have said, that our cash margin overall goes up $5 per barrel.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a few follow-up questions just on the Utica results. Just sounds like it's liquids-richy type gas at this point, mostly NGLs. If you can confirm that? And any comments on maybe the black oil potential of the Utica? Maybe you've not drilled that part yet, but any thoughts there would be very helpful.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I think, particularly in Belmont, Jefferson and Harrison counties, we're in that liquids-rich part of the play. As you move east, as we've said before, in our Marquette acreage, then you move more into the dry gas as the Point Pleasant plunges deeper to the East. Regarding the oil activity in the West, so far, I would say the results are disappointing. It's like the Eagle Ford oil window. You get shallower, and the reservoir just doesn't have the energy required.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful. Any update on Pony? I don't think I heard an update there.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Arjun. Pony, we're continuing the FEED, and we'll continue FEED through this year, and we're aiming for a sanction decision, both us and the partners, in 2014.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And we can add 4 years from sanction to start-up, something like that?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that's probably a reasonable expectation.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: On your statement, you expect to begin the $4 billion buyback in the second half. I mean per your ordering of priorities in the opening comments, should we assume that you go to work only after you've paid down $2.5 billion of debt and built the $1 billion cash cushion?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that's correct. And as I mentioned, we actually expect our Russian asset sale to close fairly soon. And with the proceeds from that, we will have fully paid off our short-term debt at that point. And actually, we'll be starting to build that cash cushion. So when we're saying the second half of the year is as these next asset sales come in, we're going to be in this position to be able to start buying back shares.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Right. So have you assumed, to work in the buyback in the second half, you're assuming that some number of the Indonesia, Thailand terminal sales are completed by year end. Is that fair?
Gregory P. Hill: That is fair.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And do you -- can you give me just the cash, the operating cash flow on the quarter? Were you just going to tell me what the working capital adjustment is?
Gregory P. Hill: The working capital was approximately $600 million in the first quarter. I mean, typically, in the first quarter, we have a very high working capital as you saw compared to the first quarter. I've already started to see some of that turn in April, and we expect, like usual, the majority of that to turn by the end of the year
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And then lastly for me. On Valhall, can you discuss the ramp in 2013 or where the exit rate was in the quarter? And are you still on track for the average guidance of 24, 28 through '13?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Evan, as we said in our opening remarks, the operator forecast range of 24 to 28, we think we'll be at the low end of that range. First quarter production averaged about 5,000 barrels per day. Just as a reference point, production reached about 16,000 barrels per day by the middle of April. In addition to just the routine ramp, I'll say in the flesh production associated with that, you also have the drilling rigs in there with our aim to get 6 wells drilled this year. So there will be some back-end contribution from those wells also.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, when you say Valhall, say BP is 24 to 28, is that the gross number or your net to you?
Gregory P. Hill: No, no, that's net to us, Paul. Thank you, I should have clarified that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Net to you, okay. And on Ghana, is it too early that you gave a rough estimate of what you think may be the total recoverable resource of the 7 discoveries? And also, do you have a rough estimate on the liquid and gas split on those resource base?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Paul. It is too early to give a resource estimate for one reason. We're not allowed to speak about resources without the approval of the Ghanaian government. And they have not allowed us to do that until we get done with our appraisal plan. So that's the reason.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. How about, say, in terms of the split between the liquid and black oil and NGL and natural gas? Were you -- are you allowed to talk about that?
Gregory P. Hill: No, we can't do that yet either, Paul. But clearly, with our 7 discoveries and a number of them black oil, the predevelopment studies are focused on the black oil.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And going on the -- in Bakken, is there a rough estimate kind of number, then, or any, let's say, trend you can guide us that what is the cash operating cost right now and how that may look like in 2014?
John P. Rielly: Paul, there's no difference actually, I think, from basically what we have been guiding there in the Bakken right now. So including production and severance taxes, in North Dakota, when you put that together with our Bakken operating cost, the cash costs right now are just slightly below our portfolio average in the Bakken.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, when you say the portfolio average, you're talking about U.S. portfolio or total company portfolio?
John P. Rielly: Total company portfolio.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right now, you're slightly below total company?
John P. Rielly: I'm sorry?
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Right now, you're slightly below total company.
John P. Rielly: Yes. Yes, it is.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then how about your target for 2014?
John P. Rielly: Well, again, as production begins to ramp up, then obviously, then we -- you can take those fixed costs going over more barrels. So we see a declining cash cost per barrel. We'll be focused on that as well as just as the maturity of the reserve bookings and the additional wells coming on will be a slow decline in the DD&A rate as well.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But you're not going to be willing to give us some numbers, say that it declines by $2, $3 average for next year comparing to this year, or anything of that like that, that you can provide?
John P. Rielly: No. Not at this point. I mean first of all, we -- from guidance on next year and what we're doing capital and what wells we're going to drill and all that, I mean it would still -- very early for us to be able to do that. What we can say is, as we know our production is going to ramp up to 120,000 barrels a day, as we said, in mid-decade. So clearly, we can -- if you can tell from that standpoint that they'll just be the cost will go over more barrels. As Greg is saying -- has just alluded to, our well cost on our drilling completer coming down. So again, we've been basically focused in driving down operating costs, well cost. And so both cash costs and DD&A costs will decline over time. But I can't give you specific guidance on that at any point.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, how about in terms of on a pro forma basis that how's your CapEx going forward may look like, is that something that you can give some light?
John P. Rielly: Yes, sure. So first of all then, again, on the pro forma data that we included on the supplemental presentation. So on a pro forma basis, the capital was -- the capital and exploratory expenditures was $1,405,000,000 versus our total portfolio of $1,613,000,000 E&P. So it gives you some type of range from that standpoint. We've given guidance that on a pro forma basis, our full year capital would be $6.2 billion. So that's with all the assets out of the portfolio essentially effective at the beginning of the year. We clearly are giving guidance that our capital will have a 5 handle, can I call that in? So we'll have a 5 at the start of it. So our capital will be in the $5 billion range next year. I just can't give you any further guidance at that point. And with that driving that down, we expect with our portfolio and enhancement of the cash margin that we'll be driving towards a balance between cash flow and capital spend in 2014. And then beyond that, we expect to be able to become cash positive.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, in Bakken, have you guys start testing on the down spacing to 160? And so far, what's the result in there?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we have, Paul. So we've done an awful lot of work in down spacing. I think the Bakken will be down spaced. That's clear from the pilots that we've run. The one thing I will say is the degree of down spacing will depend upon where you are in the field. And so for higher productivity areas, you probably don't need to down space as low as you might in some of the lower productivity areas of the field. So the answer is, is it depends on the degree of down spacing, but there will be down spacing potential in the Bakken.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A final one. Since that majority of your acreage is in the Three Forks, when do you think it's going to reach the inflection point you started drilling the majority of the well in Three Forks and not in the Middle Bakken?
Gregory P. Hill: Well gosh, Paul, we've got 2,500 well locations to drill and even more if you consider infill and --
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: In the Middle Bakken?
Gregory P. Hill: No, in Middle Bakken and Three Forks combined. And then if you down space an infill lower in some parts of the field, obviously, that number's going to go up. We're prioritizing wells based on highest return and also in pads, where we can capitalize on the efficiencies, right, of being on the pad, say, drilling Middle Bakken wells. We'll add a couple of Three Forks since we're there on the pad, right? But as I said, I think, to Doug, we've got 52 Three Forks wells in the ground at the end of 2012. We'll have 65 more at the end of this year. So we'll have a good understanding of the Three Forks. In addition to that, we have 30 cores in the Three Forks. We've done a major study of the Three Forks, including all of the Three Forks production data that exists from the NDIC as well as our own data. So we have a pretty good understanding of Three Forks. It's going to be a good play for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Kessler of Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I had a follow-up question on Stampede or Pony. You characterized this as being too early, I think, previously, to consider divestment of that asset. And I was curious what you need to see in order to possibly put it in the development queue? I know you've got pre-FID work ongoing. Is this more of a commercial kind of cost structure delineation that you need to accomplish, or is there more actual drilling you need to do to better understand the resource before deciding to sell?
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think this project will be at its maximum kind of value point at sanction, right? And so at that point in time, we'll know all the costs because FEED will be done. We have a good understanding of the subsurface already. It's a combination of our data plus the partner's data. And at the end of the day, the decision will be focused on returns.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: With a good understanding now of the subsurface, how many barrels do expect to recover for Stampede?
Gregory P. Hill: We haven't said that yet, only because we haven't got all the development studies done. That's part of the FEED process, right? We will announce that at the point of sanction, obviously.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then, unrelated question for me. Retail divestment. Have you gotten any further on that in terms of the form of that divestment may take? Are you considering a spinout, an IPO or an outright sale to a third party for cash?
John P. Rielly: Yes. We're looking at all options to maximize shareholder value. And as I said, in all of our downstream divestitures, the sales processes are well underway.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Edward Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Scott Willis - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Scott Willis on for Ed. I was just wondering, as far as the international asset portfolio, is there going to be further rationalization of that portfolio in the future beyond the assets already announced?
John B. Hess: We gave a lot of study between our leadership team, our board and advisors on the optimum portfolio to, hopefully, create the portfolio that will generate a lot of returns to our investors. And that's this focused liquids-rich portfolio that is lower risk with the 5% to 8% compounded average annual growth rate. So there are no current plans for any other divestitures there. It's a dynamic business. Obviously, we'll always look at opportunities as we move ahead to continue to refocus and strengthen our portfolio, but there are no current plans beyond the ones we've already announced.
Scott Willis - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And then just on reserve replacement, looking kind of longer term even past Ghana. Could you just talk a little bit about where you think that reserve replacement could come from?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think if you look at our portfolio and this 5% to 8% compounded annual growth rate that we've talked about, certainly, we'll be able to replace all of that in the 5-year period and some, right? And obviously, that comes from the Bakken, Utica, Ghana, North Malay Basin, T-Bells, all of the developments we've announced.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask about 2 international exploration areas that I don't think you've touched on yet. First, Kurdistan. I think you had 2 commitment wells for this year. Any status update on that?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So we are currently mobilizing drilling rigs to begin drilling in the back half of 2013 in Kurdistan.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, in the back half. Have you identified sites up for those?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we have. We've got both locations picked. Theyre in the process of building locations, roads, et cetera, to mobilize the rigs.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then on your legacy acreage in France, obviously, the unconventional stuff is out of the picture right now. But are you still planning to do some conventional work this year?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. In fact, we finished one well, and the rig is moving to the second well. The first well, we cut almost 400 meters of core. So we got a lot of core out of the well. And now, the core is off to be studied. But so far, looks good. And the rig, as I said, is moving to the second well.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And is this oil or gas?
Gregory P. Hill: Oil.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Hess for the closing remarks.
John B. Hess: Thank you. In closing, I'd like to say that we are excited about the opportunities for Hess and our shareholders. You've just heard how well we did in the first quarter, both operationally and in terms of our strategic repositioning. We are on track to complete our transformation into a pure-play E&P company and are also making steady progress towards increasing our future production at a compound average annual growth rate of 5% to 8%, as forecast on March 4. Just as importantly, we expect to begin returning capital to shareholders, as John Rielly talked about, in the second half of this year as a consequence of these actions. We also have a wonderful opportunity to add a world-class slate of new and independent directors to our board. John Krenicki is the former Vice Chairman of GE, former President and CEO of GE Energy and a partner at Clayton, Dubilier. Kevin Meyers was the senior executive, ConocoPhillips, that led their U.S. E&P business, transformed it and spearheaded development of their U.S. unconventional plays. Fred Reynolds is one of the best CFOs in Corporate America. He created tremendous value at CBS and later Viacom, transforming those companies and making them leaders in returning capital to shareholders, and is lead Independent Director at AOL. Bill Schrader is the person BP put in charge of its best and most valued E&P assets, including ACG in Azerbaijan, BP exploration Angola, TNK-BP in Russia. And Mark Williams is well known as one of the best oil and gas executives in the industry. He was on the executive committee of Royal Dutch Shell and has spent 2/3 of his 33-year career in the upstream and midstream businesses. Their objectivity and counsel have already been a tremendous addition to our company, and all of us at Hess look forward to continuing to benefit from their extensive experience in the future. Finally, I'd like to thank our shareholders for their thoughtful input and continued support. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you, John. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory P. Hill - Executive Vice President, Director and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Brandon Mei - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2012 Hess Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Erin, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I will now turn the presentation over to your host for today's conference, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Erin. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I would like to review the progress we are making in executing our strategy, our key achievements for 2012 and our guidance for 2013. Greg Hill will then discuss our Exploration and Production business, and John Rielly will go over our financial results. This past year has been one of significant change and progress for Hess. On our July call, we explained that Hess was in the midst of a 5-year transition to transform itself from an integrated oil and gas company to a predominately exploration and production company and shift its exploration and production growth strategy from one based primarily on high-impact exploration to one based on a combination of lower risk unconventionals, exploitation of existing discoveries and a smaller, more focused exploratory program. On the first point, with the closure of our HOVENSA joint venture refinery in early 2012 and Monday's announcement that we will close our Port Reading, New Jersey refinery in February, Hess will have completely exited the Refining business. We also announced on Monday, after careful study, that we will seek to sell our terminal network along the U.S. East Coast in St. Lucia, as we believe we have the ability to access refined products from third parties to securely supply our Retail and Energy Marketing businesses. As a result of these actions, over 90% of Hess's capital employed will be in our Exploration and Production business. We also have made significant progress in executing our Exploration and Production growth strategy. This three-pronged strategy, as you know, has been driven principally by our success in the Bakken Shale oil play in North Dakota, where we enjoy a leadership position. On our July call, we advised that at current oil prices, the significant upfront capital spend typical of unconventional shale oil development would likely result in a funding deficit of about $3 billion in 2012, moderate in 2013 due to lower spending and approach a balance in 2014. We also said that most, if not all, of these cumulative deficits would be funded by asset sales as the company rebalances its Exploration and Production portfolio in favor of lower risk, higher return and geographically more secure assets. Lastly, we stated that the new reserves and production base established as a consequence of these actions would be lower than it was before the divestitures, but our profitability on a per-unit basis would be higher. Here is where we stand today. First, as to our funding needs. The actual shortfall in 2012 was approximately $2.5 billion. For 2013, we recently announced an 18% decrease in capital spending to $6.8 billion. This reduced level of spend is driven by lower well costs associated with our transition to pad drilling and decreased investments in infrastructure projects. Our 2013 budget also includes a 30% drop in exploratory spend to $550 million, consistent with our strategy of pursuing a smaller, more focused exploratory program. For 2014, we continue to believe that at current prices, capital expenditures should more closely approach operating cash flow. As to the reshaping of our portfolio, to date, we have announced divestitures totaling $2.4 billion, including our interest in the Bittern, Beryl and Schiehallion fields in the United Kingdom, the Snohvit Field in Norway and the ACG fields in Azerbaijan. In addition, we have also announced we are in the process of selling our Russian subsidiary, Samara-Nafta; and our Eagle Ford assets in Texas. Also, as previously mentioned, we plan to divest our terminal network, which in addition to its sales proceeds, should also allow us to release approximately $1 billion of working capital for redeployment to fund Hess's future growth opportunities. Assuming the successful completion of these divestitures, we expect to more than cover our funding requirements, generating excess proceeds available to reduce our short-term debt. While these divestitures will complete the strategic reshaping of our portfolio, we will, in the normal course of business, continue to optimize and upgrade its composition in the future. Looking back, last year was an important inflection point in the development and execution of Hess's long-term corporate strategy. However, looking forward, this year will also be important as we expect to complete our announced divestitures by year-end 2013 and in so doing, solidify this year's production and earnings base from which Hess will grow in the future. We expect production in 2013 to average between 375,000 and 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This forecast assumes that the sale of Samara-Nafta, which produces approximately 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, closes at the end of the year. However, excluding the contribution from assets planned for divestiture this year, our new base production level is expected to be in the range of 325,000 to 340,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In terms of 2014 production, we anticipate that the expected decrease in production resulting from our 2013 asset sales will be largely offset by increased production from the Bakken and the Valhall Field, as well as the start up of the Tubular Bells Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and North Malay Basin development. With regard to our 2012 results, consolidated net income was $2.2 billion. Exploration and Production earned $2.4 billion, and Marketing and Refining earned $231 million. Compared to 2011, our results were positively impacted by higher crude oil sales volumes and improved Marketing and Refining results, which more than offset the negative impact of lower realized crude oil selling prices. With regard to Exploration and Production, in 2012, we replaced 141% of production at an FD&A cost of approximately $38 per barrel. At year end, our proved reserves stood at 1.553 billion barrels of oil equivalent, and our reserve life was 10.3 years. Including last year's results, our 5-year average reserve replacement ratio was 148%, and our average FD&A cost is about $27 per barrel of oil equivalent. In 2012, our crude oil and natural gas production was 406,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, a 10% increase from 2011. The increase resulted from the restoration of production in Libya and strong operating performance in the Bakken and across our portfolio. In the Bakken Shale oil play in North Dakota, net production averaged 56,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2012, up 87% year-over-year. In 2013, we forecast net production from the Bakken to average between 64,000 and 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We have built a strong position in the Bakken, which is arguably one of the best shale oil plays in the world. In 2012, we drove our drilling and completion costs down by more than 30% during the course of the year while significantly increasing production. In the fourth quarter, we transitioned the majority of our rigs to pad drilling, which will allow us to drive further improvement in capital efficiency and financial returns. Regarding developments, in the third quarter of 2012, we entered into an agreement with PETRONAS to develop 9 discovered natural gas fields offshore Peninsular Malaysia. The North Malay Basin project, in which Hess has a 50% interest and is the operator, is expected to commence production in the fourth quarter of 2013 at a net rate of approximately 40 million cubic feet per day and to increase to 125 million cubic feet per day in 2016. Also, we continue to advance our Tubular Bells project in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, in which Hess has a 57% interest and is the operator. Production is planned to commence in mid-2014 at a net rate of 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In terms of our 2012 exploration results, we enjoyed considerable success offshore Ghana, where we have 6 discoveries to date on the Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points Block, in which Hess has a 90% interest. Our financial position remains strong. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio at year-end 2012 was 27%. This ratio is expected to improve in 2013 as our asset sales are completed. A strong balance sheet and investment-grade rating remain a priority to enable us to have the financial flexibility to fund future growth opportunities. We are confident that our strategy of selling noncore assets and investing in lower-risk and higher-return projects in Exploration and Production is the right one and will produce profitable growth and create long-term value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill.
Gregory P. Hill: Thank you, John. I'd like to give an update on our progress in the Bakken and the Utica unconventional shale plays, as well as Valhall and Exploration. We made good progress in the Bakken during 2012. In the first half of the year, we transitioned from a higher cost 38-stage hybrid completion design to a lower cost sliding sleeve design. This, along with other efficiency gains, allowed us to drive our drilling and completion costs down by more than 30% over the course of the year from $13.4 million per well in the first quarter to $9.0 million in the fourth quarter. Also in the fourth quarter of 2012, we transitioned the majority of our rigs from held-by-production drilling to pad drilling. This transition will enable us to drive further improvement in capital efficiency and financial returns. However, as we mentioned in our third quarter conference call, this process change will result in a onetime flattening to slightly declining production during the first half of 2013 as the number of new wells online will be skewed to the back half of the year. In the first half of 2013, we plan to bring 70 wells to production, whereas, in the second half of 2013, we expect to bring 105 wells to production. Fourth quarter production from the Bakken averaged 64,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 68% from the fourth quarter of 2011. As John mentioned, full year 2012 averaged 56,000 barrels per day, up 87% from 2011. We expect 2013 net production to average between 64,000 and 70,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and for most of the growth to occur in the second half of the year. Our 2013 capital budget for the Bakken is $2.2 billion versus $3.1 billion in 2012, a reduction of nearly 30%. The primary drivers for this decrease are lower drilling and completion costs and a lower level of infrastructure spend. We expect to operate a 14-rig program in 2013. In 2012, we drilled 176 Hess-operated wells and completed 206. The average 30-day initial production rate for the wells we completed was 750 to 900 barrels of oil per day. Our estimated ultimate recovery per well averaged between 550,000 and 650,000 barrels of oil equivalent per well. In 2013, we plan to drill 185 Hess-operated wells and complete 175, of which, approximately 2/3 will target the Middle Bakken, and the remainder will target the Three Forks. With regard to our Bakken infrastructure, in April of 2012, we commissioned our Tioga crude oil rail loading facility, and in the second half of the year, we shipped an average of 41,000 barrels per day via rail to higher-value markets. Our Tioga Gas Plant expansion project is targeted to be commissioned late in the fourth quarter of 2013, enabling us to capture more value from our own gas and third-party volumes, which will generate attractive returns and cash flow for shareholders. In the Utica, we continue to appraise our position. We are encouraged by the results based on data from our own wells and industry wells. In 2012, we drilled 2 wells and completed one of those wells on our 100% owned acreage. This well, the NAC 3H-3, tested at a rate of 11 million cubic feet per day and is currently maintaining a rate of 4 million cubic feet per day under surface facility constraints. On our CONSOL joint venture acreage, we drilled 2 Hess-operated wells and completed one of them. This well, the Athens 1H-24, tested at a rate of 13.9 million cubic feet per day and 1,056 barrels of condensate per day. In 2012, our joint venture partner, CONSOL, also drilled 8 wells, of which 4 were completed and 3 were tested. In 2013, we plan to drill 5 wells on our 100% owned acreage, and the joint venture is planning to drill 27 wells mainly concentrated in Harrison, Guernsey and Noble Counties. Moving to the Valhall Field in Norway, in which Hess has a 64% interest, the field redevelopment project was completed earlier this month, and the operator resumed production on January 26 after being shut in since August of 2012. We expect Valhall net production to average between 24,000 and 28,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2013, which is approximately double 2012 production of 13,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The majority of the activities going forward at Valhall will focus on development drilling to fully utilize platform capacity. Regarding Exploration, as John said, we enjoyed considerable success in Ghana where we have 6 discoveries to date. As announced in December, our fifth discovery, the Pecan-1 well, encountered 245 feet of net oil pay in a Turonian-aged reservoir. In January of 2013, we completed drilling our sixth discovery, the Cob prospect, results of which are being kept confidential due to it being a lease line well. Also in January, we spudded the Pecan north #1 well, which is located approximately 7 miles north of Pecan-1 and is expected to reach TD in February, targeting Turonian-aged oil reservoirs. We have begun predevelopment activities and plan to submit an appraisal plan to the government in the third quarter. Drilling activities were also completed on 2 outside operated exploration wells, Ness Deep #1 [ph] in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, operated by BHP; and Ajek-1 in Indonesia, operated by Niko Resources. Both wells encountered noncommercial quantities of hydrocarbons and were expensed in the fourth quarter. In Kurdistan, we are continuing our seismic acquisition on the Dinarta and Shakrok blocks and plan to spud 2 wells in the second half of 2013. Hess has an 80% interest in these blocks and is the operator. In closing, our focus in 2013 will be on executing our strategic plan, improving capital efficiency and delivering higher financial returns. I will now hand the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare fourth quarter 2012 results to the third quarter. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $566 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared with $557 million in the third quarter. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, the corporation had earnings of $409 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 and $495 million in the previous quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production reported earnings of $517 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared with $608 million in the third quarter. Excluding items affecting comparability, Exploration and Production had income of $431 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 and $546 million in the third quarter. Fourth quarter results included an after-tax gain of $172 million related to the sale of the corporation's interest in the Bittern Field and an income tax charge of $86 million for a disputed application of an international tax treaty. Third quarter results included net after-tax income of $62 million from items affecting comparability of earnings between periods. Excluding these items, the changes in the after-tax components of the results were as follows: higher natural gas selling prices increased earnings by $43 million; lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $32 million; higher exploration expenses, primarily for dry hole expenses, decreased earnings by $110 million; all other items net to a decrease in earnings of $16 million for an overall decrease in fourth quarter adjusted earnings of $115 million. Our E&P operations were underlifted in the quarter compared with production, resulting in decreased after-tax income of approximately $30 million. The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability, was 45% for the full year of 2012. Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining generated income of $159 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared with $53 million in the third quarter. Marketing earnings were $152 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 and $17 million in the third quarter. Fourth quarter marketing results included after-tax income of $104 million from the partial liquidation of LIFO inventories, partly offset by after-tax charges totaling $33 million for asset impairments and other charges. Fourth quarter marketing results also reflect the impact of higher margins. Port Reading refining operations reported income of $8 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 and $18 million in the third quarter, principally due to lower margins. Operating activities generated a loss of $1 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared with earnings of $18 million in the third quarter. Turning to Corporate. Net Corporate expenses were $43 million in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared with $38 million in the third quarter. After-tax interest expense was $67 million in the fourth quarter of 2012, which was comparable with the third quarter. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter, including an increase of $443 million from changes in working capital, was $1,570,000,000. Capital expenditures were $1,779,000,000. Proceeds from the sale of Bittern were $187 million. Net borrowings were $246 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $110 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $114 million. We had $642 million of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2012 and $351 million at December 31, 2011. Total debt was $8,111,000,000 at December 31, 2012 and $6,057,000,000 at December 31, 2011. The Corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at December 31, 2012, was 27.5% compared with 24.6% at the end of 2011. This ratio is expected to improve in 2013 as our asset sales are completed. With our 2013 capital program and the uncertain financial markets, we thought it prudent to have some price insurance. Therefore, in January, we hedged 55,000 barrels per day for the remainder of 2013 at an average Brent price of $108.50 per barrel. Turning to 2013 guidance. In addition to the 2013 production and capital expenditure guidance provided by John Hess, I would like to provide estimates for certain 2013 metrics based on our expected production range of 375,000 to 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. For full year 2013 unit cost, E&P cash operating costs are expected to be in the range of $21 to $22 per barrel of oil equivalent produced. Depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses are expected to be in the range of $19 to $20 per barrel for total production unit cost of $40 to $42. For the full year of 2013, we expect our E&P effective tax rate to be in the range of 46% to 50%. Net Corporate expenses in 2013 are estimated to be in the range of $160 million to $170 million. We expect our 2013 after-tax interest expense to be in the range of $255 million to $265 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: John, first of all, I think you guys should be congratulated in the progress you've delivered in the last year or so. However, obviously, there's a lot of news of -- clearly, an activist involved now. Could you share your thoughts not specifically about their suggestions in terms of business strategy, but more about their proposals for the board constitution? Any thoughts you could share there, please? And then, I have a follow-up on Production.
John B. Hess: Yes, no, I think it's important to just make a point here. We look at everything to enhance long-term shareholder value. We have no sacred cows in the business. We have no sacred cows in the boardroom. It should be obvious that we have made a lot of moves with a multiyear strategy to put our company in a position to generate long-term shareholder value, that we look at things for all shareholders' benefit. And as a consequence, we're happy to discuss with shareholders their ideas. And specifically, in terms of Elliott's proposals, we're looking carefully at them and the presentation. We will have a response to that presentation in a short period of time. But this earnings call is not the appropriate forum to respond to Elliott.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. My follow-up, John, is I just wanted to try and understand what you're trying to tell us about production, and maybe I'm being a little dumb here, but could you walk us through what, essentially, the sequential growth that you expect between '13 and '14, excluding the asset sales? Because if I heard you right, you're basically -- and maybe, I'll let you answer the question, but it sounds like you're suggesting the flat production before adjusting for disposals. In other words, up around 40,000 barrels a day year-over-year. Could you just give us some help us to how we get through that math?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug, I think -- thanks for the question. I think the way that John said in his opening remarks really kind of characterized what we were trying to say. So if you back the sales out, so you rebase the company. What John said is, in terms of 2014 production, we expect that the increase -- or the decrease in production resulting from those sales is going to be largely offset by the increased production from the Bakken and the Valhall Field, the start up of Tubular Bells and the North Malay Basin developments.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So what is that number, Greg?
Gregory P. Hill: We're not giving guidance yet, Doug, on 2014 but obviously, you can get close by what I just said.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: With the announced terminal sales, potential sale earlier in the week, should we draw any conclusions on your intent to form an MLP? I know it's been a topic on the last 2 earnings calls. I know there is infrastructure assets that you will need to control, primarily, in the Bakken, maybe gas plant ramping up in 4Q that you discussed and owning a GP -- an MLP would achieve that control. Yet with this sale to a potential third party, you lose some MLP-able EBITDA. So I mean, we should read anything into this sale and your potential intent to utilize that structure?
John B. Hess: No. Obviously, we're going to look at all strategic options to maximize value in terms of the divestiture of our terminal network in the United States. Most likely, it will be as outright sale. I think it's important that we will take the appropriate steps to ensure supply, security, competitive prices and to maintain the high quality service for our customers in Retail and Energy Marketing businesses, which are very profitable and a good source of U.S. income. But at the end of the day, we're just starting the sale process for those terminals. And obviously, when we have a transaction completed, we'll give you an update on that. So all options are on the table, but most likely, we're looking at an outright cash sale. So I think it's important to understand that for our terminal network divestiture. In terms of an MLP in the Bakken for our infrastructure, this is not new. This idea, it's been in the industry for some time. We've done study on it, constantly. We're very aware of the benefits that it might create. And so as a consequence, if it makes sense to create long-term shareholder value, it will be given serious consideration. But we certainly do not believe that an MLP in the Bakken is appropriate at this time.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And I appreciate that. A follow-up, I know that you've been reshaping the portfolio over the year and into 2013, kind of comprehensive update this morning. But did I understand your comments that the major portion of this will be completed following the sale of Russia, Eagle Ford and the terminals; and that other potential sales will be more in the ordinary course of portfolio management. So I guess the question is, do we largely know all the larger moving pieces at this juncture? Is that a fair statement?
John B. Hess: I absolutely -- that is a correct understanding of my remarks, that the major moves to reshape our portfolio in terms of divestiture to complete the strategic reshaping of our portfolio will have been completed by the end of 2013, but I think it has to be very clear. We have, we'll continue to do so and currently look at all opportunities to enhance long-term shareholder value for our shareholders. There are no sacred cows. It should be obvious by our behavior over the last several years, as it is most recently, and we will in the normal course of business continue to look at opportunities to optimize and upgrade our portfolio in the future.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: John, one interesting question that's been raised is whether it's a good idea to mix the global business with the domestic business. Can you just remind us what the global footprint mix the Bakken growth gives you and what kind of competitive advantage you have in that particular area? And could you continue into the subject of exploration, how that's gone and very specifically, finally, on a positive note, talk a little bit more about Ghana?
John B. Hess: We've been clear. We're very proud of the global portfolio we have. We definitely believe that our three-pronged strategy -- we had been too focused on high-impact exploration, which we've addressed by cutting it way back, giving it more focus. Greg talked about it. Obviously, some good news in Ghana. We can talk about that a little bit more. Greg will address that. But our strategy now of balancing and combining low-risk unconventionals, exploitation of existing discoveries, such as the North Malay Basin gas development that we're in. And the smaller, more focused exploratory program is the right strategy. It's being recognized, obviously, in the market, and our key objective now is to stay focused on executing it to deliver long-term value for our shareholders. So the global reach and balance, some of those assets in our conventional portfolio generate the cash needed to fund the unconventional growth that we have in the Bakken and the Utica. And just having the Bakken and Utica stand alone, they would not be self-funding. They could not get access to the credit markets, and that's a real issue. So this balanced approach we definitely think is the right one that will create the most returns, financial returns for our shareholders over the long term. So we feel very good about our global portfolio. We feel very good about the balance of unconventionals and conventionals from a financial return perspective and a funding perspective. And I think the strategy is being recognized. I think another point to bring out here, Paul, is that in these divestitures, we've gotten rid of about 1/3 of our assets. So often, when -- hidden in your question could be you're global, you're too spread out. Well, actually, Hess has brought down the focus considerably of the portfolio of assets that we have. So we're very, very comfortable that we can manage it, that we can execute it, and we can deliver long-term shareholder value from it. So hopefully, that gives you some perspective on both the global portfolio and the benefits of it in terms of diversifying risk and maximizing return and also, having the funding that we need for the unconventionals. But also, that we have much more focus to our portfolio that, hopefully, will be recognized by investors. And we believe that, that strategy is the right one, and it's being recognized. And I might turn the call just over -- about exploration, one, what we're doing in exploration but two, more specifically the focus that we have there and talk about Ghana a little bit.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, thanks, John. Again, just to reiterate what John said, we've been refocusing exploration, and we've significantly reduced investment. We're at $550 million of investments this year, focused on our 3 primary areas: the Gulf of Mexico; Southeast Asia, Malaysia in particular and then also, the West Africa play, which Ghana is clearly a part of. As I said in my kind of opening remarks about Ghana, we've got 6 discoveries under our belt on Ghana. December, our fifth discovery came out, which was the Pecan-1 well, which had 245 feet of pay and Turonian pay. And then, in January, we announced the Cob well, which was another discovery. So that brought our discovery count again to 6. Now we can't talk much about Cob just because it's a lease line well. So we have to stay confidential for now. In fact, our competitors are in the midst of drilling the adjacent well on the lease line. And so the last well that we're currently going to drill in 2013, we're on right now, and we expect to reach a TD in February, and that's north of the Pecan-1 well, which was a big discovery, the big Turonian oil discovery, and that again, is targeting Turonian-aged oil reservoirs. So we're in predevelopment studies now. So we're looking at all of these discoveries and how are we going to develop all these. We plan to file an appraisal plan with the government mid-year. So we're progressing Ghana. We don't expect to drill any more wells in 2013, most likely, if any more drilling, appraisal -- drilling will be in 2014.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Are you still pursuing that partner there?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we will. Yes, we will. That's, again, part of our stated strategy in Exploration, to continue to partner these things. Obviously, now we have significant discoveries, so our partnering strategy, we'll pick the right kind of partner to help us with that.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great, just a brief other question on Russia. Is there anything you can add about that disposal given its size and importance to how we look at volumes for the year?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think as John said in his opening remarks, Russia currently makes about 50,000 barrels a day, and that's about what it's projected to make in 2013.
John B. Hess: Yes, and specifically, in terms of the sale, when we can give you an update on the progress or the consummation of it, we will.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake from Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: We're clearly seeing some of the signs of progress in terms of reshaping, which we like. Just as people focus on the Bakken, I mean, obviously, you've worked there for a while. At this point, would you have an estimate of, say, acreage that you think is in the core or perhaps, even -- and this might be a long shot, the economic well inventory that you have across the Bakken and Three Forks at $100 per barrel Brent?
Gregory P. Hill: All right. I think on the acreage, as we've said before, we've got between 550,000 and 600,000 net acres that we call core in the Bakken. Our acreage count is actually higher, but we think that 550,000 to 600,000 is really the core part of the play. As far as wells, a lot of it depends upon infill spacing. All those questions that are still being answered as we speak. But eventually, it'll be in the order of 2,000 to 3,000 wells buildout in the Bakken. So obviously, very significant drilling and completion programs.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Great. And then, just on -- you said complete reshaping, which makes sense. But say, the wells are collapsing oil prices and you still wanted to fund, and maybe, the debt markets' closed up and you were looking to sell further international assets beyond what you've already identified, have you looked at -- would tax leakage be a constraint on further asset sales?
John P. Rielly: No, they would not, Ed.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and just a final one. Any actual resource estimate for Ghana from what you've drilled so far that you could release?
Gregory P. Hill: No, not yet. We really want to get this next well down and importantly, get our predevelopment study done because there's a number of accumulations on the block, how they tie back, which ones you can tie back, et cetera. So we don't have a commercial estimate yet.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Just conceptually, you've stated in the past your preference to retain the field distribution assets for now. Since there is very little precedent in the industry for essentially, in E&P pure play with a fuel marketing division, can you just talk about the logic for retaining that as opposed to spin-off for sale?
John B. Hess: Yes, just to be clear, it's not a fuel marketing business. If it were just a fuel marketing business, we probably wouldn't have kept it. But we have morphed our fuel marketing business into an Energy Marketing business, where the same customer that might -- and these are commercial industrial accounts, about 22,000 of them from Massachusetts down to South Carolina across to Ohio, where we sell -- we're currently selling over 1.5 billion cubic feet a day of gas, which obviously, will help us if we find gas in Utica and certainly put us in a good position so we wouldn't have to discount that gas. So there are going to be some strategic benefits there, and we also sell 4,500 megawatt hours around the clock to those customers as well. It's a very profitable business. It makes, I'd say, very acceptable strong returns. So the fact that it's U.S. income, it gives us some marketing capability. We have a strong brand. We think, that if anything, it enhances the company from a financial and reputational point of view.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Can I also just get a quick update on your plans for Kurdistan this year?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I mean, we're shooting seismic, and we plan to drill 2 wells in 2013, one on the Shakrok block and one on the Dinarta block.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Brandon Mei from Tudor, Pickering.
Brandon Mei - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: On the Bakken, can you provide a split in production for 4Q actual and '13 guidance for the operated and non-operated portion?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I can. So I can give you 2012 actuals. If you look at operated production, fourth quarter was about 55,000 barrels a day of operated. Outside operated, it was about 9.5. That brings you to the 64.5 for the quarter.
Brandon Mei - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and what about 2013 guidance?
Gregory P. Hill: You can assume a similar split.
Brandon Mei - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then on a similar basis, give a split on CapEx.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Next year, we'll spend about $150 million in outside operated wells in capital, and the balance being on our own account.
Brandon Mei - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then, my final question is on -- do you have a debt-to-cap target? And then, I guess, if you are in a position where you meet that target, can you just walk through the pecking order of investment opportunities that could attract capital?
John B. Hess: Yes, I think the most important thing there is, we want to have a strong investment grade rating, and we want to pay off the debt that we've incurred as we've made this transition into unconventionals and get our strong balance sheet back. And as John Rielly reflected, by the end of 2013, we should be there. And then, it's going to be a function, looking forward, at attractive investment opportunities, current returns to shareholders and getting the balance right. As it turns out, our company is a growth company and has very attractive investments. They have to compete for capital. They have to meet our 15% hurdle rate, meaning, meet or exceed our 15% hurdle rate of $100 Brent. And I wouldn't want to speculate on where we're going to be investing the money a year from now until some of the investment growth opportunities we have, have more time to mature such as the Utica, potentially Ghana, potentially [indiscernible] in the deepwater Gulf.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, let me just come back to your question on the Bakken, just to be clear, in 2013. So if you look at the capital spend next year in the Bakken, the external guidance was 2.2, about $500 million of that is facilities. So that's a significant reduction from last year. About $1.4 billion or so or $1.5 billion is owned wells, and the rest is outside operated, and we have a small amount of land and seismic and studying money in there as well. I just wanted to make that clear.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin from Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Two quick ones for me on the Bakken. With the Three Forks, Greg, are you going to be pursuing that earlier or later in the year versus the Middle Bakken number?
Gregory P. Hill: We're actually going to where the best wells are. So we have some outstanding wells in the Three Forks, and they're just going to be part of our normal mix of wells. We're doing very -- a very small amount of appraisal work in the Three Forks so that most of the Three Forks drilling next year is in proven high-profitability, high-return areas.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. I know you said that you've finished the HBP nature of your drilling program. Have you given any thought to piloting a higher-density programs or greater-density programs?
Gregory P. Hill: Well as you know, as we've said before, we do have an ongoing close-space pilot in the Middle Bakken. We plan to continue that pilot into this year, and so again, the spacing varies by the drilling unit depending on the quality of the rock and all those factors. So there won't be a generic spacing that you can say for the Bakken. It's really going to depend upon the quality of the rock at the end of the day.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Yes, I was just shooting for whether or not you'd go for greater density. Okay, the last question for me is with respect to both Port Reading and the terminal length. Are there any environmental tails or liabilities that we should be concerned of or aware about?
John P. Rielly: No, there are not.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a question on the exploration expense, which you're taking down to about $550 million this year, and you've talked about rightsizing that. Is this still a transition year where we can expect further reductions in the years ahead, or do you view that as kind of an appropriately sized program for a company of your size?
Gregory P. Hill: I think, in general, for now, that's an appropriate size program. Guidance in 2014, obviously, we can't give. I will say, part of that will depend upon Ghana.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And, Greg, do you have any update on your long-term targets there? I think it was 120,000 barrels a day out 5 years, but wondering if you had updated thoughts on that.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think 120,000 barrels a day remains our goal. It'll largely be a function of our investment levels, which in turn are, obviously, are function of oil prices and competing investment opportunities in the portfolio.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Do you want to keep a year to that target, or is that just a generic goal based on the factors you just mentioned?
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think we've said before, mid-decade is kind of our goal.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just 2 quick ones, if I may. I guess, they're both for John Rielly. John, deferred taxes. How should we think about -- you've given us a tax rate, but can you talk about Norway? Can you talk about the tax position in the U.S.? And in answering the question, can you tell us what the current status is of Retail in terms of whether you spun it or not, how would that change your IDC allowances? And I've got a quick follow-up, please.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Doug. So for Norway, we don't expect to be paying cash taxes in Norway until 2015. So over the next several years, our cash taxes will be fairly low, and I'm going beyond '15 with that. As you look in the U.S., and I think your particular question is about the IDC cost and how they're deducted and whether as an integrated, you have a 70% limit; and if you're not integrated, you have 100% ability to take all the IDCs. Yes, with our closure of HOVENSA, actually, the way the rules work, we actually exited the refining business under the rules during 2012. And then, so long as we have a structure to where the Marketing business that we have on the downstream side is segregated from the E&P operations, you are allowed -- then we are not classified as an integrated. And therefore, we can get 100% on the IDC deduction. So starting right at the beginning of 2013, we have the 100% IDC deduction, and so there's nothing else that we need to do to attain that.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Just to be clear, do you still get to have the tax shield on the U.S. earnings from Retail coming from the E&P?
John P. Rielly: Absolutely, yes. So, I mean, we have excess deductions being generated out of the Bakken that we can use in Retail and our other U.S. assets.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And my follow-up, I don't know who wants to take this one, but can you quantify the level of interest in the Eagle Ford and Russia in terms of drilling [ph] activity and so on, and I'll leave it there.
John B. Hess: Yes, there's strong interest on both, Doug. So that's, I think, as far as we can go. And once the sale process consummates, we'll inform you to the outcome.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Gregory P. Hill - Executive Vice President, Director and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John Malone - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Hess Corporation Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. My name is Fab, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Fab. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments, after which John Rielly will review our financial results. First, I would like to express our deep concern for the people suffering from the devastation caused by Hurricane Sandy. Our company is doing all that we can to help meet the public's energy needs in the wake of this storm. Hess has had a long history of doing whatever it takes to meet the demand for energy during times of crises. We are very proud of and want to thank the Hess employees, who have worked around the clock to quickly open and supply 177 of our 186 Hess stations in New York City, Long Island and New Jersey. In advance of the hurricane, we arranged to have available 85 electrical generators in the event of lost power. Approximately 80% of the gas stations in the Northeast that were impacted by Hurricane Sandy are still closed due to lack of power. The oil terminals and refineries used to supply them are still not in operation for similar reasons. Finally, I want to recognize and thank both New York City Mayor, Michael Bloomberg; and New Jersey Governor, Chris Christie, and their staffs for their outstanding leadership during this difficult period. Now I would like to provide an update on the progress we have made since our July call. As to future funding, we continue to believe that at current oil prices, the gap between operating cash flow and capital expenditures should peak this year at about $3 billion, moderate in 2013 due to lower spending and approach a balance in 2014. We also expect that this deficit will be largely met through asset sales. Since July, we have announced the sale of our interest in Azerbaijan for $1 billion and the Beryl fields in the United Kingdom for $525 million, which together with previously announced asset sales, bring the year-to-date total to $2.4 billion. We have significant additional divestitures, either underway or in the early planning stages. We expect these sales will be completed by the end of 2013. As a consequence of our strategic portfolio reshaping, our reserves and production base will be lower than 2012 levels. However, our Exploration and Production assets will be more focused in lower risk and offer higher growth and financial returns. Next, I would like to discuss our financial and operating performance. Net income for the third quarter of 2012 was $557 million. Excluding nonrecurring items, earnings were $495 million versus $379 million for the third quarter of 2011. Our earnings were positively impacted by higher crude oil sales volumes and improved Marketing and Refining results and negatively impacted by higher operating costs in Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production reported net income of $608 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 402,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, a 17% increase over the year ago quarter. This increase was primarily the result of higher production from the Bakken in North Dakota and Libya. Net production from the Bakken averaged 62,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter, an increase of 94% over the year ago quarter. And we shipped approximately 37,000 barrels per day of crude oil from our Tioga rail-loading facility to higher value markets, improving our price realizations. In addition, we are currently evaluating the feasibility of building a rail unloading facility at our Port Reading, New Jersey complex to market Bakken crude oil on the East Coast. At the Waha fields in Libya, production averaged 23,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter. The fields were shut-in during the third quarter of 2011 due to civil unrest in the country. At the Valhall Field in Norway, net production averaged 6,500 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter. The field was shut in July 29 to complete major field redevelopment work. This work is now expected to be completed in mid-December, after which production will resume. With regard to exploration, Hess concluded drilling operations on the Almond prospect in Ghana. The well resulted in a discovery encountering approximately 15 net feet of oil pay. We are currently taking a drilling break to incorporate results of the 2012 drilling program into our subsurface models, and we plan to drill 2 additional wells, the first of which should spud later in the fourth quarter. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we spud the Ness Deep well on Green Canyon 507 on June 12. Ness Deep is a Miocene prospect, in which Hess has a 50% working interest. BHP holds the remaining 50% and is the operator. This well is anticipated to reach total depth during the fourth quarter. Turning to Marketing and Refining. We reported net income of $53 million for the third quarter of 2012. Refining generated earnings of $18 million compared to a loss of $38 million in last year's third quarter. Marketing earnings were $17 million compared to $41 million in the year ago quarter. Gasoline volumes on a per site basis were down approximately 2%, and total convenience store sales were down nearly 7% versus last year's third quarter, reflecting the continued weak economy. In Energy Marketing, electricity and oil volumes were lower versus last year, while natural gas volumes were higher. In summary, we are confident that our strategic portfolio reshaping, unlocking value from asset sales and redeploying the proceeds into lower risk, higher-return investments will deliver improved financial performance and create long-term value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thank you, John. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare third quarter 2012 results to the second quarter. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $557 million in the third quarter of 2012 compared with $549 million in the second quarter. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, the corporation had earnings of $495 million in the third quarter compared with $585 million in the previous quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production reported earnings of $608 million in the third quarter of 2012 compared with $644 million in the second quarter. There were several items affecting comparability of Exploration and Production earnings between periods. Excluding these items, Exploration and Production had income of $546 million in the third quarter of 2012 compared with $680 million in the second quarter. The third quarter results included an after-tax gain of $349 million related to the sale of the corporation's interest in the Schiehallion Field, partly offset by after-tax charges totaling $287 million. These after-tax charges consisted of $116 million for asset impairments resulting from increases to the corporation's estimated abandonment liabilities for nonproducing properties, $56 million to write off the corporation's assets in Peru as a result of a decision to cease further appraisal and development activities and $115 million for a onetime charge resulting from a third quarter change in the United Kingdom's supplementary income tax rate applicable to deductions for dismantlement expenditures. Second quarter results included an after-tax impairment charge of $36 million. Excluding these items, the changes in after-tax components of the results were as follows: lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $132 million, higher operating costs decreased earnings by $32 million, lower exploration expense increased earnings by $17 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $13 million for an overall decrease in third quarter adjusted earnings of $134 million. The E&P effective income tax rate for the third quarter of 2012 was 49%, excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods. Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining generated income of $53 million in the third quarter of 2012 compared with $8 million in the second quarter. Marketing earnings were $17 million in the current quarter and $18 million in the previous quarter. Port Reading refining operations generated income of $18 million in the third quarter of 2012 compared with $8 million in the second quarter, reflecting higher margins. Trading activities generated earnings of $18 million in the third quarter of 2012 compared with a loss of $18 million in the prior quarter. Turning to Corporate. Net corporate expenses were $38 million in the third quarter of 2012 compared with $39 million in the second quarter. After-tax interest expense was $66 million in the third quarter of 2012 compared with $64 million in the second quarter. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter, including an increase of $530 million from changes in working capital, was $1,862,000,000. Capital expenditures were $2,160,000,000. Proceeds from the sale of Schiehallion were $524 million. Net debt repayments were $93 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $14 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $119 million. We had $528 million of cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2012, and $351 million at December 31, 2011. Total debt was $7,841,000,000 at September 30, 2012, and $6,057,000,000 at December 31, 2011. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at September 30, 2012, was 27.5% compared with 24.6% at the end of 2011. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I guess my first question, I appreciate the update on the asset sale process, and I know you're not identifying specific assets. But could you range a proceed estimate or potential production impact for us? And also related, how much lower is 2013 capital spending as a result of the already announced asset sales, which I know had some related CapEx calls on them?
John B. Hess: In terms of our prospective divestitures, obviously, until they're successfully completed, we can't give specific details. We have a number underway right now. And obviously, as soon as the purchase sale agreements are signed and completed, we'll get that information out in a very timely manner. In terms of the asset sales that have occurred, John Rielly will be happy to give you some perspective.
John P. Rielly: Yes. So including the ones we've announced and the ones we've completed, which are Barrow, Schiehallion, Snohvit, ACG and Bittern, the 2013 production impact from these sales is estimated to be approximately 30,000 barrels a day. Our capital expenditures are estimated to be reduced by approximately $500 million, resulting from those sales. And our net cash flow will be reduced at an estimate of approximately $200 million from the sales.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great, that's helpful. My second question would be, if you could just kind of walk us through your North Sea production in the quarter. I know you talked a little bit in the opening comments. But is it a bigger portion of the bead and how should we think about that going forward? Because production, overall, looks like it's trending at the higher end of your guidance.
John P. Rielly: The third quarter, I mean we had -- it was good production across the portfolio. So we had Valhall that was down for the majority of the quarter in the North Sea. But in general, the assets performed very well. I don't know if you were particularly asking about in the North Sea. So Schiehallion and Bittern actually closed right after the quarter end. So the impact in the fourth quarter from Schiehallion and Bittern will be about 11,000 barrels a day. That's what they produced in the third quarter.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Do you have any update on where you are in terms of Bakken well costs, and how you think they're trending over the next year or so?
John B. Hess: Yes, thanks, Arjun. Let me provide some additional comments on the Bakken first, and I'll get right to your question. As John indicated in his opening remarks, our third quarter production averaged about 62,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was up 13% from the second quarter and 94% from the third quarter of 2011. Now we still expect production guidance for 2012 for the Bakken to average between 54,000 and 58,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Getting to your question, now that we're largely through HBP drilling, our main focus is on capital efficiency. And as a result, we've reduced average drilling complete cost to $9.5 million in the third quarter. That's reference to $13.4 million in the first quarter. The 29% reduction was primarily driven by the switch to providing fleet completion designs, which was used in nearly all of our wells in the third quarter. Looking forward in the fourth quarter, our HBP drilling will be substantially completed, and therefore, we expect to see further decreases in our average well costs as we transition to pad drilling. And currently, 15 of our 16 rigs are operating in pad drilling mode. The switch to pad drilling is going to allow us to further improve our capital efficiency and optimize the pace of development. Our approach is going to be to sequentially drill a number of wells on a pad using a walking rig; then once drilling operations are finished, we will move completion crews in to then sequentially fracture the wells. Now this will lead to the temporary flattening of the production profile until mid-2013, at which steady-state operations will allow us to resume our upward growth trajectory. So the production curve in 2013 will be a bit back-end loaded. Now we believe that this lean manufacturing approach will result in significant efficiency gains and cost savings and further improve our returns in the Bakken.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's very helpful and thorough answer, Greg. Are you still planning in doing the dual laterals? The $9.5 million, I'm pretty sure, is a single lateral well cost there.
Gregory P. Hill: It is. It is a single well cost. We're experimenting with co-planar dual laterals, but it's just a pilot. That's it.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I see. So your base case plant is now single laterals, maybe similar to what other operators up there are doing. And $9.5 million is the starting point, you expect it to come down, that's how we should be thinking about it this?
Gregory P. Hill: It is, yes.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Any updates to then kind of individual well recovery rates and some of the type curve stuff you've talked about? Or can we take the dual lateral stuff you've given before and kind of divide those by 2?
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think the 30-day average IPs from this new sliding sleeve design, which is 25 to 34 stage, are slightly lower, they're 800 to 900 barrels equivalent per day. I think with regard to EURs, we continue to think that 500 to 600 is a good average used for the entire acreage position. However, as we focus on higher quality parts of the play in 2013, we expect EURs in the Middle Bakken to be closer to 600,000 to 700,000 barrels.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. Just a final question. I think John had alluded to some of the asset sales you've done and are planning. Do you have an updated total asset sales target you're working towards? I think you're already on track to well exceed your original guidance.
John B. Hess: As we said, Arjun, the number this year on prices is about $3 billion funding deficit. Next year, there'll be a significant decrease in that number. We'll be able to give more guidance on it on the next call as we talk about next year's capital and exploratory expense budget. But we're going to be reducing our CapEx and exploratory expenditures for next year significantly. So when we can announce that at the end of the year, we will. The deficit will be reduced accordingly, assuming current oil prices. And then we think by 2014, we'll be more in balance between operating cash flow and CapEx. So in terms of what it means in terms of asset sales, that's going to be much more a function of the sales we have underway and in early stages of planning and getting them executed. So more definition than that, I just can't give you right now. I can give you the contextual perspective, but I can't give you the specific answer until those sales are done.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: But do you think about your asset sales as a funding gap issue, or is that we need to high grade and clean up the portfolio-type consideration?
John B. Hess: We're focusing our strategy to invest for future growth, focusing on lower risk, higher-return investments, obviously, led by the Bakken, but also the North Malay Basin and some of the focused exploration that we're doing because so much is to meet the upfront investment we need for the Bakken. It's just time for us to fund that with the assets that are either lower interest or more capital intensive, and so it's both to upgrade our portfolio, to have higher profitability and be more focused, but also to meet the funding needs that we have.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Robert Kessler with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions for me. First, I was wondering if you could give me some more detail on the Port Reading rail receipt terminal capacity, expected CapEx, timing of first receipts of production if you've gotten that far along in your plan and then maybe how much it would cost to move a unit of production from the Bakken to that facility.
John B. Hess: Yes, a very fair question. We certainly have strategic geography available to us, I think, for a very attractive investment. Having said that, we're in the early stages of doing a feasibility study. So to give you more definition would be premature.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Understood. Well, it sounded very interesting, and good luck with that. Other question on Llano. I think you've received the Atwood Condor rig and are doing some development drilling there. I think you've got maybe 3 wells planned. Is that right? And what are you thinking as far as capital investment there and future production given the development drilling at Llano?
John B. Hess: We're still finalizing our drilling plans for Llano on a go-forward basis, but there are some targets in the Llano area that we're very interested in.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: So you would consider this more exploration or delineation-type drilling than development at this point?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, it's basically just in-field drilling, more delineation than it is exploration.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Any kind of predrill prospect size you could throw out there?
Gregory P. Hill: No, not yet because we haven't finalized the sequence.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Doug Leggate, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I don't want to push too hard on the asset sales, but John, forgive me for this, but order of magnitude, you've announced I think about $2.5 billion, $2.4 billion so far. The asset sales still to go relative to that scale, is it similar size, much less, much more? How would you characterize it?
John B. Hess: Doug, fair question, and again I don't want to get ahead of our results. As soon as the asset sales are completed, we'll give you the details on them. Having said that, the intent is to meet the funding gap and also put some excess cash on the balance sheet. So that's the direction we're going. We have enough sales underway to help us get there, and we also have some other divestitures on top of that. So we should meet the funding gap and have some cash excess to boot.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: This is really -- there's a bit of a portfolio high grading going on in the background then, basically.
John B. Hess: Absolutely.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. So a little follow-up to that. I think you said, certainly, to us in the past that net debt to cap target, somewhere closer to 20%. Is that still a good number?
John B. Hess: Yes, I don't want to just focus on that. Obviously, it'll be closer to where our debt cap was before we started the scaled-up investment program in the Bakken and have the higher capital exploratory program that we have this year. Another focus that we have though, Doug, is to really get our debt back to the levels that it was before the investment program, which is the equivalent of, let's say, about $6 billion because of some capitalized leases that we're going to have. The equivalent number, going forward, will be probably closer to $6.7 billion, but it's also a focus to keep our strong investment grade rating, so we can have the balance sheet to fund through the cycle and take the volatility of oil prices at the same time.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. Just 2 very quick follow-ups then if I may. On the spending obviously, you've got a lot of infrastructure spending going. Your asset sales, I believe you've said in the past, that you expect to have everything announced pretty much by the end of the second quarter, albeit they may not be completed by the end of the year. But then after that, I think the discussion moves on to how else you can unlock value. And I think you're on record talking about potential for an MLP. I'm wondering if you could just give us some color as to what kind of assets in your portfolio would qualify. And final one for me is just an update on any hedging thoughts into these strong oil prices, and I'll leave it at that.
John B. Hess: Yes, a couple of perspectives on the funding gap. The majority of the sales will be some of our E&P assets as part of the portfolio high-grading that we're going through, which are either lower working interest, mature assets, maybe CapEx associated with them that we feel don't generate the returns that we'd like to see, maybe lower margin. It's a combination of all these factors that go in to our portfolio model to figure out what are the assets that we have for sale. And as I said, a number underway on the E&P side, as well as there are a number in early planning stages. So I'd say that's the first part. I also think that when you think about MLPs, the strategic infrastructure we have in North Dakota, having control of that adds a lot of value to our production, both on the oil side, and ultimately, the Tioga Gas Plant side for extracting liquids out of the natural gas we're going to have there, because Bakken associated gas is very rich in content of NGLs and LPGs. So that's not something that we would be interested in MLP-ing. There are some other assets that we have in the portfolio that we might think about MLP-ing, but our first priority right now is not that. The first priority is to address the E&P assets that we think don't fit us as much strategically. So we can really slim down and upgrade our portfolio on the E&P side.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And on hedging, John?
John B. Hess: Yes, on hedging. As we look forward, we think our balance sheet is in much better shape right now. So we can afford more price risk. So our intention is to take it. Having said that, if there are opportunities during the year where we think we can lock in some good prices just for next year, and basically, protect our cash flows, it's certainly something that has been and will continue to be given full consideration.
Operator: The next question will come from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It's Faisel from Citi. We've seen a number of companies announce restructurings of their integrated sort of strategy as integrated oil companies, whether it's Murphy or Marathon or some other companies. I'm just wondering, can you discuss what the strategic rationale is for remaining sort of an integrated company, or is there a possibility that you could separate the retail and refining business, whatever's left of it, into a separate entity given that those assets trade higher multiples than where upstream assets trade today. And I have a follow-up after that.
John B. Hess: Very, very fair question. First of all, I have a lot of respect for these companies. We're not Murphy, we're not ConocoPhillips, and we're not Marathon. With the close of HOVENSA refinery, we've completed our transition to being a predominantly exploration, production company. Exploration production's over 90% of our capital employed; and marketing is, basically, the balance. Our energy marketing and retail marketing businesses remain a long-term strategic part of our portfolio that generate attractive returns, build upon our strong brand and offer selective growth opportunities. As I mentioned before, in terms of the portfolio reshaping that we're doing, the more material opportunities to meet our funding gap and to focus our portfolio to generate higher returns are on the E&P assets that do not meet our strategic criteria.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. But I mean how -- if these other assets, like retail and refining and logistics trade at higher multiples than upstream, how do you extract that value at the current...
John B. Hess: Well, we're really not in the refining business anymore. We just have the Port Reading cat cracker that's just a unique niche investment that we have that generated good returns in the third quarter. We'll keep running it as long as it makes good returns, number one. So the focus is marketing, which is really different part of the portfolio. And as I said before, it generates attractive returns, builds upon our strong brand and does offer some selective growth. So we're very happy having it in the portfolio, and it is a strategic part of the portfolio.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And just on exploration expense, I think you guys discussed how this was an expense number that was probably going to trend down over time. It looks like it gapped up a little bit in the third quarter, and we're still trending around almost $800 million, $900 million to $1 billion a year in exploration expense. What kind of -- where is this going to trend over time? It's still a very large number given the size of your company.
John P. Rielly: In that exploration expense number, I had mentioned the Peru asset write-off. That's where the pretax portion of that write-off is. So in that exploration expense number on a pretax basis is $86 million related to Peru. So that's why that number is a little higher this quarter.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: So where did this number trend over time? And can you give us some concrete examples of how the activity levels have actually wound down a bit?
John B. Hess: Yes, year versus year, if you take the Peru out, obviously, it's trending down this year. But when we announce our budget next year, you'll see another material change to the downside. So as we announce our budget, you'll see more specifics on exploration expense and expenditures coming down. As Greg has said before, going forward, we're going to have a much more focused exploration program and less exposure to exploration as well. We're still going to be in the exploration business, but it'll be a lower dollar number.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The first question is for John Rielly. John, just want to understand, despite that very popular people on -- in the industry, people is spinning off their retail and all that. But is it true that, I mean, for in your case, that you -- the retail actually help you to utilize your IDC deduction? Without the retail operation, you actually are going to leave money on the table?
John P. Rielly: No, not specifically related to that, but we don't -- I mean, as John said, Retail and Energy Marketing are going to be a core part of our portfolio, and that will not impact our ability to take the 100% IDC write-off.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No, no, I'm saying that, I mean that your IDC anyway, that you're generating so much even if you just deduct say, 50% or 75%, yet without the retail earning, you may not be able to fully utilize it.
John P. Rielly: I mean, absolutely. Anything that generates U.S. earnings, we can use the IDC write-off for. So because we have this additional write-off, as we can continue to generate more and more income in the U.S., could be on the downstream side, could be on the upstream side, makes those IDC write-offs much more valuable, correct.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So from that standpoint maybe that's the one strategic reason you may not want to spin off then?
John P. Rielly: Yes. I mean, again, as we overall look at that and look at the deductions that we have associated with that, and just as John said, I mean, when we look at it and put that portfolio together -- and I'm going to call it a risk-adjusted basis, it improves our overall portfolio returns on a risk-adjusted basis.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the second one that I just spoke, Greg. Greg, in Bakken, what is your current game plan for the number of rigs? I mean, you're going to focus on the capital efficiency. Does that mean that you're going to move down from the 18 rig into a lower number, say, by the end of the year into the next year? Or how should we look at it?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So, Paul, just to clarify, we have 16 rigs currently operating in the Bakken, 15 in pad drilling mode. I think as John has said and I've said before, as we focus on capital efficiency, we may moderate the pace slightly. But it won't be a major downward reduction in pace in the Bakken.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So we should still be looking at, at least, in the 14, 15 rigs?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we'll announce that as part of our 2013 guidance, but directionally, you're correct.
John B. Hess: But the key is, Paul, as you look at us going forward, the overall capital expenditures for next year will be materially down year versus year because of the improvements in operating efficiency and capital efficiency that Greg and his team have made, even if we run a rig count that's slightly less than this year.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And John and Greg, I mean when I'm looking at the third quarter, your U.S. lifting cost, unit lifting cost is going down. Should we -- base on that and deduct the conclusion that maybe in the Bakken, unit cash operating costs already reach their high watermark, and from this point on, it's going down?
John P. Rielly: We've been getting more and more efficient quarter-by-quarter in the Bakkens. And so right now, our Bakken costs are clearly below our portfolio average. They're slightly below our portfolio average and continuing to improve on our cash cost that way. And again, the more volume that we're getting and the more, again over time, development, that is continuing to trend that way.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, when you say that below your average portfolio you're talking about average U.S. or average total company?
John P. Rielly: Average total company. And that -- I'm saying that's inclusive of the production taxes that are up there in North Dakota, which are significant.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And how about on the unit DD&A, is it -- can we draw the same conclusion or not really?
John P. Rielly: You can draw the same conclusion that it will be on a declining path. But right now, on the unit DD&A as I had mentioned before, that is above our portfolio average. And again, early on in development of this, the reserve bookings lagged the investment dollars. So again, we've had a lot of infrastructure spend on top of the well cost. You don't get to book those full EURs upfront. But over time, the DD&A rate comes down, and that's what we're expecting to see and should start to see next year as well.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And in the third quarter, I think John has earlier mentioned, you guys did about 37,000 barrel per day of the unit train. Can you share with us then what kind of margin uplift on that 37,000-barrel per day may have been?
John P. Rielly: Yes, I can. So just in general, from our overall North Dakota-type production, so if you take all our production, not just that went by rail, we've got year-to-date about a $6 uplift in our price realizations in North Dakota.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Year-to-date, $6?
John P. Rielly: That's on our overall production, not just the amount that went by rail.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And John, can you give us some maybe, industry estimate or that your number in your retail network, October, the same store sales year-over-year, how is that looking like on the GAAP and inside?
John P. Rielly: For October, given the hurricane, I -- obviously, I don't think it's appropriate to even talk about it right now with all the suffering that's going on in the region that we live in, which has been impacted by the storm. But we're really one of the few operators open with all our stations working, save about 8 or 9 that are closed due to floods. With the generators we have, obviously, we've been open around the clock. Many of our stations have lines of 3 miles long. People have to wait 3 hours. If more operators were in business, obviously, would alleviate a lot of the panic buying that's going on. Having said that, in a number of situations, our gasoline sales are 2 to 3x what the normal amount would be.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And John Rielly, do you have any over-lift or under-lift in the quarter? And also at the end of the third quarter from an inventory standpoint, are you, at this point, normal?
John P. Rielly: There's no material under or over-lift in the quarter. And we are basically balanced here going into the fourth quarter. So we're not seeing any -- as we forecast, any material under or over-lift in the fourth quarter.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: A final question is for Greg. Greg, from a strategic standpoint, when you're looking at Australian gas, you basically -- that in that Asia-Pacific just down there that you only have that discovery. So should that be really part of your -- from a capital efficiency and human capital efficiency standpoint, should that be part of your ongoing core operation, or that would be better off that since you make the discovery and just sell it to someone and focus your resources, your manpower, that there may be more concentrated areas?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Paul. So I think that the answer depends, obviously, on the commercial arrangements that we can negotiate with the 3 parties, again Chevron, Northwest Shelf and Pluto, Woodside and also the price that we get for that LNG. So the answer is going to depend upon returns and what that investment looks like. And that's how we're going to make the decision. I'm not worried about the capability to execute because it's all offshore drilling and development, which we're very good at.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And when are you going to make the decision? Any timeline you can share?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think we're still negotiating with the parties. So we aim to make the decision sometime next year. I think that's all I can say at this point.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Herrlin with Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Most everything's been asked. Regarding the Bakken, Greg, you mentioned that you're having your own improvements in terms of cost optimization, but what about services costs in general? Are you seeing a leg down on completion cost, rigs, et cetera?
Gregory P. Hill: I think, in general, relative to last year, our costs are flattish, I would say. Rigs, we're not seeing any significant downward pressure because of the high utilization there. I think we are seeing on the pumping services side, some downward pressure as supply is beginning to outstrip demand, but there's still upward pressure on labor costs in the Bakken. No major, major reductions in sight in the near term.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay, that's fine. And then any sort of update on the Gulf of Mexico, or just a lot of discussion, that's it?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think that's pretty much it. As we said, we're drilling Ness Deep with BHP, the operator and our 50% partner. And we anticipate TD-ing that well during the fourth quarter.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: When I back out your Bakken, the growth in Bakken volumes year-over-year, it looks like the rest of your U.S. liquids production was down. Is that mainly Gulf of Mexico?
John P. Rielly: Yes, that would be Gulf of Mexico. And again, we did have that hurricane impact. So it was about 6,000 barrels a day of an effect in the quarter. And then typically again in the third quarter, we did have some maintenance as well.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then can you also share the year-over-year change in your Eagle Ford volumes?
John P. Rielly: It's really not material.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Not material.
John P. Rielly: No.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from the line of Edward Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just on the Utica, I guess you've been watching industry trends. It feels gassy to the east, and then there's a productive, I guess, liquids window around Noble, Harrison, Guernsey and some of Belmont. Have you had a chance to sort of update us on how much of your acreage that you acquired last year would be in that core liquids window?
John B. Hess: No, we haven't. And I think really, it's because we're still in the very early stages of appraisal of the Utica, not only us, but also industry. To kind of put that in context, that we have, for us, we only have 3 wells in the Utica versus more than 600 in the Bakken. So and the only extended production data that we have is from that initial North American Coal well in Jefferson County. I should say that well is a good well. It continues to produce at a constant 4 million a day, with a steady tubing pressure with significant surface facility constraints. Beyond that, we have 2 additional wells on our 100% acreage that are drilled that are waiting completion. And then our partner, CONSOL, has announced the results of 2 JV wells, one of which the Noble 1A flowed at a good rate, 9 million cubic feet a day initial rate. But given that very limited well mix, including industry, it's early in the appraisal stage. But I think based on what we've seen so far, and our acreage from a drilling standpoint and the very limited completions that we have, we remain optimistic about our position in the play.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, no, it certainly seems though that the play is developing. Very small one. On the European surprise, I mean, how much was Beryl, because I guess you're selling that. So how much did that produce in the quarter?
Gregory P. Hill: Okay, Beryl, I will get that in one second. Beryl, for the quarter, produced 13,000 barrels a day.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then I guess a general question coming back to CapEx, but not about projections. You spent about $2.5 billion internationally this year through, I guess, the first 9 months. And you gave us some good CapEx associated with some of the asset sales. But I mean is it possible just to give us a reminder of how much you spent, say, by region or assets, so that we can think about where CapEx may go? I'm very conscious that you've kind of finished Valhall and now moving into the drilling phase, there might be some savings there as well.
John P. Rielly: Sure. I mean I can just give you some highlights of the numbers. So Valhall this year was a significant capital requirement. So we are forecasting to spend approximately $750 million at Valhall this year. Also, if you're looking at the North Sea, we have South Arne. We have a development of a northern extension there, so we're spending approximately $200 million at South Arne in the North Sea. Some of the other just, in general, bigger assets. We have the Tubular Bells development that's going on in the U.S., so we expect to spend somewhere around $400 million in the Gulf of Mexico. We have the first of the 3 production wells drilled on that, and we'll continue drilling there next year. So you can expect -- if I was going to give you for next year, that some of the Valhall numbers will come down because of that redevelopment. South Arne will continue to drill, and so there will still be continued capital being spent in South Arne. Then in EG this year, we did pick up our drilling program again. We had kind of taken a hiatus there. We're spending about just under $500 million we forecast to spend in EG this year. So hopefully, that gives you a feel of where we're spending. But Like John Hess said earlier, we do anticipate next year a significant reduction in our overall capital spend.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, that's very helpful. And just then a follow-up that you bring up on EG. Is that sort of a 2-, 3-year program of spending at that level? Just I know that you're trying to some infill drilling to offset decline.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that'll be another 2 years or so on EG. We continue to find excellent infill opportunities using 4D seismic with very high return investments.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Malone with Global Hunter Securities.
John Malone - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just 2 questions. On the Bakken, the 37,000 BOE that you railed, if I heard correctly, that looks like a smaller proportion of the total production in the previous quarters. Is that going to come back up again, is that something specific to Q3? And where do you kind of see the proportion of rail to overall production going forward?
John B. Hess: Yes, on the rail side, that number is maybe at the lower end of what we might have anticipated, in part, because of some of the logistical disruptions from the Gulf Coast hurricane. Having said that, the number now is running closer to 45,000 barrels a day within a range of that number.
John Malone - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just overseas looking at Ghana. When do you think you'll be able to start talking about development options and plans for the discoveries you've made there so far?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So on Ghana, while we're encouraged by the results to-date, additional drilling's going to be required before we can really figure out the commerciality of the reserves that we have there. What we can say, we've said in the past, Paradise and Hickory North were predominantly gas-condensate discoveries in the Cenomanian and Beech and Almond were predominantly oil discoveries in Turonian-age reservoir. And as John mentioned in his opening remarks, we plan to drill 2 additional wells in Ghana, starting on the first one later in the fourth quarter.
John Malone - Global Hunter Securities, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just one broader one last question. In the past, you talked about production guidance 395 to 4,000 or 5,000 BOEs a day. Obviously, a pretty stellar quarter this quarter has made that attainable. Are you sticking with that guidance, or do you think there's going to be at the high end? Or do you think you could exceed it?
Gregory P. Hill: I think we still feel good about our guidance. In the fourth quarter, we will be impacted by the continued shutdown of Valhall, which will now be shut in until mid-December, and then as John Rielly mentioned, in addition, we completed those Schiehallion and Bittern asset sales. So that's going to reduce our fourth quarter production by about 11,000 barrels a day versus Q3. So we feel pretty good about the guidance still.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Kate Minyard with JPMorgan.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. Probably the first one is for John Rielly. Can you give us a sense as to the level of capitalized infrastructure so far in the Bakken? And also over what timeframe that's depreciated?
John P. Rielly: So for the Bakken right now, we plan on spending approximately $750 million this year on infrastructure. And again, that's going to be infill pipelines. You've got your gas plant. You've got the rail facility. And obviously, we had spent some of that beforehand. There's various rate years that are used for the DD&A. I'd say you've got a 20- to 25-type year depreciation on those facilities.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then prior to the $750 million in 2012, the total cumulative spending or maybe net infrastructure as of year-end '11 was -- do you have that?
John P. Rielly: So the total that -- I'm going to say pre-2011, and we've got 2012 costs and then we do have some carryover like the gas plant expansion that will be completed next year. We're talking about $1.2 billion worth of infrastructure spend. And that's related to the gas plant field compression, gathering systems, rail, our truck facility, so again all those type of facility investments, so up around $1.2 billion.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, all right. And then I guess just for John Hess, you've made a couple of comments so far and I think on the prior conference call as well, about the portfolio reconfiguration moving to lower risk but also higher returns. And that's little bit of a more, maybe unusual move just to generate higher returns at lower risk. So how should we be thinking about measuring returns? And over what timeframe do you expect this to manifest in your results?
John B. Hess: Well, it's a work in progress, very fair question. As we reshape the portfolio, the majority of these asset sales will hopefully be completed in 2013, so really sort of the new rebased company would be starting in 2014. And while the production and reserve base will be lower, the unit profitability will be enhanced. So we also think that the reserve life will be enhanced, and the risk profile will be enhanced, so all of those together should be very helpful. And at the same time, we're limiting our exposure and refocusing our exploration efforts as well. So all of these, plus some other moves we're making, should improve our financial performance and make it lower risk and more sustainable. So between now and 2014, work in progress 2014, I think you'll really start to see those results shining, even though I think this quarter's results are an indication of what's to come in the future.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, all right. And should we look for measuring returns -- return on capital employed fair, or should we be thinking about return on equity? Or how are you guys thinking about it?
John B. Hess: Yes, return on capital employed, but when we invest money, as I've said before, we're looking for a 15% hurdle rate at $100 Brent. We tested at $80 for the cost of capital. And obviously, we want our investments to be better than that. We have to risk adjust it. So we use different criteria depending upon the risk within that framework that I mentioned. But that hopefully will be translated to improved financial performance as these investments bear fruit.
Operator: There are no further questions in the queue. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Gregory P. Hill - Executive Vice President, Director and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Hess Corporation Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. My name is Towanda, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Towanda. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments, after which, Greg Hill will provide an update on our activities in the Bakken. John Rielly will then review our financial results. This conference call at midyear is when we discuss our 2012 results and forecast in more detail. Just as important, this quarter also marks a midpoint and a period of important change for Hess. Before getting into the details of the quarter, I would like to reflect on this change for a moment, as I think doing so will provide meaningful context to our current and expected future results. This change essentially began in 2009, and should be largely complete in 2014. In that relatively short span of 5 years, Hess has all but exited the refining business with the closure of the HOVENSA joint venture refinery, and we'll have shifted our Exploration and Production growth strategy from one based primarily on high impact exploration to one combining lower risk unconventional development opportunities such as the Bakken, along with the exploitation of existing discoveries like North Malay basin, and more focused and limited exposure to high-impact exploration such as Ghana and Ness Deep in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico. This shift in Exploration and Production has required a substantial upfront increase in capital spend, largely related to the Bakken. Approximately 35% of this year's capital and exploratory expenditures are devoted to the Bakken compared to 11% in 2009. The majority of our total spend has been funded with cash flow from operations. Any shortfall has been and is expected to be funded mostly, if not entirely, through asset sales as we rebalance our oil and gas reserve and production portfolio in favor of lower risk, geographically more secure and higher return assets. At current oil prices, the gap between cash flow and capital expenditures should peak this year at about $3 billion, moderate substantially next year and approach a balance in 2014. Asset sales should be largely completed by year-end 2013. We expect that the reserve and production base established as a consequence of these actions will be lower than the levels likely to be achieved in 2012. However, the profitability of those barrels on a per-unit basis should be higher than is currently the case. With the feedback gained each day through the execution of our strategy, we feel ever more confident that this portfolio reshaping is the right course for our company. Certainly, there have been and will continue to be difficult learning experiences along the way, but we are convinced of the strategy, committed to its successful execution and believe it will lead to improved financial performance. With that as an introduction, we will now cover the details of the quarter. Net income for the second quarter of 2012 was $549 million. Compared to the year-ago quarter, our earnings were positively impacted by higher crude oil sales volumes and improved Marketing and Refining results, but were negatively impacted by lower realized crude oil selling prices and higher operating cost in Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production earned $644 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 429,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, a 15% increase over the year-ago quarter. Higher production from the Bakken in North Dakota, the Llano Field in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico and Libya was partially offset by natural field declines in Equatorial Guinea. In North Dakota, net production from the Bakken averaged 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter compared to 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year-ago quarter, an increase of 120%. For the full year 2012, we now forecast net Bakken production to average between 54,000 and 58,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In April, we commenced operation of our crude oil rail loading facility and shipped an average of 29,000 barrels per day during the quarter to higher value markets. At the Llano Field in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, where Hess has a 50% interest, a successful work-over was performed on the Llano #3 well, which had been shut in for mechanical reasons since the first quarter of last year. The well was brought back online in May, and in June, net production averaged 13,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In Libya, net production averaged 22,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. In last year's second quarter, the fields were shut in due to civil unrest. Given the political uncertainty in Libya earlier in the year, we chose to exclude Libya from our original 2012 production forecast. However, since production has been restored, we will now include Libya in our revised production financial forecast. At the Valhall Field in Norway, net production averaged 23,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. BPV operator has informed us that the field be shut in for approximately 90 days compared to their original forecast of 30 days, which will result in 2012 net production averaging 15,000 to 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day versus our previous expectation of 20,000 to 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Major field redevelopment work is now expected to be completed by the end of this year and development drilling will resume in 2013. As a consequence of these factors and the strong overall performance of our portfolio, we now forecast 2012 production for our company to average between 395,000 and 405,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which includes the addition of approximately 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent today -- per day from Libya, which was excluded from our previous forecast of between 370,000 and 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In June, we signed agreements with PETRONAS to develop 9 discovered natural gas fields in the North Malay basin. Located offshore Peninsular Malaysia and adjacent to Hess' interest in the Malaysia-Thailand joint development area. This project is consistent with our strategy to invest in long-life, low-risk reserves with attractive financial returns in exploration upside. Hess will have a 50% working interest and become operator of the project. The project will require a net investment for Hess of approximately $250 million in 2012. First production is forecast to commence in 2013 at a net rate of approximately 40 million cubic feet of natural gas per day and increase in 2015 to an estimated 125 million cubic feet per day. With regard to exploration in Ghana, Hess concluded drilling operations on the Hickory North well in June. The well encountered approximately 100 net feet of gas condensate pay. We recently completed drilling our beach prospect, located 5 miles north of the Paradise location and are conducting wire line logging. The Stena DrillMAX drillship will next drill our Oman prospect located 20 miles west of Hickory North. Offshore Brunei, the Jagus East well on Block CA-1, in which Hess has a 13.5% interest, encountered hydrocarbons. This well, along with the previously announced Julong East discovery, is being evaluated and additional exploration and appraisal drilling is planned in 2013. In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, on June 12, we spud the Ness Deep well located on Green Canyon 507. This is a Miocene prospect in which Hess has a 50% working interest. BHP holds the remaining 50% and is the operator. The well is anticipated to take approximately 160 days to drill. Turning to Marketing and Refining, reported net income of $8 million for the second quarter of 2012. Refining generated earnings of $8 million versus a loss of $44 million in the year-ago quarter, reflecting a positive contribution from our Port Reading facility in the second quarter and the shutdown of the HOVENSA joint venture refinery early in this year. Marketing earnings of $18 million included an $11 million after-tax charge for environmental liabilities compared to $28 million in last year's second quarter. Retail marketing benefited from declining wholesale prices during the second quarter, which resulted in improved fuel margins. Gasoline volumes on a per-site basis were down approximately 3%, while total convenience store sales were down nearly 6% versus last year's second quarter, reflecting the continued weak economy. In Energy Marketing, natural gas and oil volumes were lower versus last year, while electricity volumes were higher. Capital and exploratory expenditures in the first half of 2012 were $4.1 billion, substantially all of which were related to Exploration and Production. For the full year 2012, our capital and exploratory expenditures forecast has been increased to $8.5 billion from $6.8 billion. Over half of the increase is due to activities in the Bakken with the balance related to Valhall, Tubular Bells and our recently announced investment in the North Malay basin. Although our 2013 capital and exploratory budget will not be finalized until the end of the year, we plan to make significant reductions below 2012 levels and be more aligned with expected cash flow. As I said previously, we expect that internally generated cash flow and proceeds from asset sales will fund most, if not all of our 2012, 2013 capital and exploratory expenditures. Year-to-date, we have announced asset sales totaling more than $850 million, which includes the sale of our interest in the Schiehallion field in the United Kingdom to Shell for $503 million, as well as the previously announced sale of our interest in the Snohvit Field in Norway and the Bittern Field in the United Kingdom. Addition to asset sales of $1 billion to $2 billion are well underway, and details will be announced as soon as terms are finalized. Further asset sales have been identified and are in the early stages of divestiture. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill.
Gregory P. Hill: Thanks, John. I'd like to provide a few remarks about the Bakken. We're continuing our transition in the Bakken during 2012, from higher cost 38-stage hybrid completions in HBP drilling to lower cost 34-stage sliding sleeve in-fill drilling. In the first quarter, nearly 70% of our wells were hybrid wells with an overall average drilling complete cost of $13.4 million per well. During the second quarter, only 40% of our wells were hybrids with an overall average drill and complete cost of $11.6 million, a reduction of 13%. Looking forward to the second half, our HBP drilling will be substantially completed by year end, and 100% of our wells will be sliding sleeve wells by the fourth quarter leading to an estimated drilling complete cost of under $10 million. Second quarter production averaged 55,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 30% from the first quarter and 120% from the second quarter of 2011. Our higher second quarter production reflects working off our completion backlog and the drilling of higher working interest wells. We expect 2012 net production to average between 54,000 and 58,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which implies net production will average between 60,000 and 68,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second half of 2012. Our 2012 capital budget for the Bakken has been increased to about $3 billion from $2 billion previously. There are 4 primary drivers for this increase. The first driver is our decision to drill in higher working interest areas, reflecting an average working interest of approximately 80% versus a budgeted 62%, and to drill additional wells in 2012. While these changes will result in increased capital spending of approximately $500 million, they will also allow us to substantially complete our HBP drilling in 2012, and accelerate production growth that will partially offset the lower-than-planned production experienced during the first quarter. The second driver is an overall increase in drilling and completion cost, which are now expected to average approximately $11 million per well in 2012 versus our original budget of approximately $8.5 million. Now these cost increases are due to the need to use ceramic proppant instead of white sand caused by market shortages earlier in the year, coupled with a slower-than-anticipated transition to full sliding sleeves. While higher well costs will result in additional capital spending of approximately $300 million, we still expect to generate attractive financial returns. The third driver is increased infrastructure spend associated with the gas plant and gathering systems due to design changes and higher labor costs, which will increase capital spending by approximately $150 million. The final driver is higher-than-budgeted non-operated drilling spend from additional wells and also higher non-operated well costs, resulting in additional capital spending of approximately $100 million. In closing, it's important to note that we're still relatively early in the overall development of the Bakken. We are building a long-term business from a large high-quality acreage position and competitively advantaged infrastructure. As we move forward, we expect significantly lower capital cost through further well cost reductions, through the completion of the major infrastructure projects, including the Tioga Gas plant in 2013, and through improved capital efficiency as we complete the transition from HBP to pad drilling. Thank you. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare second quarter 2012 results to the first quarter. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $549 million in the second quarter of 2012, compared with $545 million in the first quarter. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, the corporation had earnings of $585 million in the second quarter, compared with $509 million in the previous quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production had income of $644 million into the second quarter of 2012, compared with $635 million in the first quarter. In the second quarter of 2012, the corporation and a joint venture partner agreed to exchange interest in properties in the Eagle Ford Shale in the United States and the Paris Basin in France. As a result, the corporation recorded an after-tax charge of $36 million to reduce the carrying value of the exploration properties that are expected to be divested in the exchange. First quarter results included an after-tax gain of $36 million related to the sale of the corporation's interest in the Snohvit Field offshore Norway. Excluding these items, the changes in after-tax components of the results were as follows: higher sales volumes increased earnings by $161 million; lower selling prices decreased earnings by $61 million; lower exploration expense increased earnings by $37 million; higher operating cost, primarily depreciation, depletion and amortization, decreased income by $61 million; all other items net to an increase in earnings of $5 million for an overall increase in second quarter adjusted earnings of $81 million. Our E&P operations were overlisted [ph] in the quarter compared with production, resulting in increased after-tax income of approximately $25 million. The E&P effective income tax rate for the second quarter of 2012 was 47%, excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods. In July 2012, the government of the United Kingdom changed the supplementary income tax rate applicable to deductions for dismantlement expenditures from 32% to 20%, with an effective date of March 12, 2012. As a result, we expect to record a onetime charge in the third quarter of 2012 of approximately $100 million to increase the deferred tax liabilities related to asset retirement obligations in the United Kingdom. For the full year of 2012, we expect our normalized E&P effective tax rate to be in the range of 44% to 48%. This forecast reflects the resumption of operations in Libya. Full year 2012 unit costs are now expected to be $39 to $41 per barrel of oil equivalent produced, down from our previous guidance of $40.50 to $42.50 per barrel. E&P cash operating costs are still expected to be in the range of $20 to $21 per barrel, and depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses are now expected to be in the range of $19 to $20 per barrel. Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining generated income of $8 million in the second quarter of 2012, compared with $11 million in the first quarter. Marketing earnings were $18 million in the second quarter of 2012 compared with $22 million in the first quarter, principally reflecting seasonally lower Energy and Marketing earnings and an after-tax increase in environmental liabilities of $11 million, partially offset by improved retail gasoline margins. In Refining, Port Reading operations generated income of $8 million in the second quarter of 2012 compared with a loss of $6 million in the first quarter, reflecting higher margins. Trading activities generated a loss of $18 million in the second quarter of 2012, compared with a loss of $5 million in the first quarter. Turning to Corporate. Net Corporate expenses were $39 million in the second quarter of 2012 compared with $38 million in the first quarter. After-tax interest expense was $64 million in the second quarter of 2012 compared with $63 million in the first quarter. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter, including a decrease of $334 million from changes in working capital was $1,240,000,000. Capital expenditures were $1,978,000,000. Net borrowings were $803 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $52 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $13 million. We had $409 million of cash and cash equivalents at June 30, 2012, and $351 million at December 31, 2011. Total debt was $7,845,000,000 at June 30, 2012, and $6,057,000,000 at December 31, 2011. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at June 30, 2012 was 28.2% compared with 24.6% at the end of 2011. As John has mentioned, total full year capital spend is now expected to be approximately $8.5 million. The increase is primarily in 4 areas. Greg Hill has just explained the increase in Bakken capital spending. The remaining drivers for the increase relate to the recently sanctioned project in the North Malay basin, which added $250 million; cost increases for the Valhall redevelopment project of $200 million; and accelerated spend of $100 million at the Tubular Bells deepwater development due to the early arrival of the rig. We plan to fund most, if not all, of our capital program with cash flow from operations and anticipated proceeds from the asset sales previously mentioned by John Hess. We are currently using our available credit facilities to fund our capital program until the asset sales are completed. At June 30, 2012, we have $2.2 billion of outstanding borrowings under available credit facilities with additional committed credit capacity of $4.3 billion. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Robert Kessler with Tudor, Pickering, Holt.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: John Hess, you referenced you coming moderate to -- well, you expected the net out spend for 2013 to moderate substantially next year. I just want to see if you could be a little bit more specific. I know you've got to go through budgeting and everything, but just is there a way to give us some sort of range, plus or minus $1 billion for 2013?
John B. Hess: No, I can't, for the very reasons that you said, but I will say and repeat, that we plan to make significant reductions below 2012 levels for our capital and exploratory expend. In 2013, we're going to have flexibility in the Bakken for the reasons Greg said, going from HBP to pad drilling. Also the change in completion. Also a lot of the infrastructure investment will be behind us. Also some of the assets that we're selling, like Schiehallion, will also allow us to get rid of some capital expenditures that we previously had been obligated to spend money on. There are other such things that we're considering selling now. And as the specifics of those asset sales are done, we'll be able to give more granularity, if you will, to the projection for next year. But with the significant reductions below 2012 levels and also the cash flow that we expect to get from our production operations, we will be much more aligned with expected cash flow going into 2013 and then pretty much in balance in 2014. So those are the conceptual points. I can't be more specific at this time, which I'm sure you understand.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: I understand. When you think about balance for 2014 though, what oil price do you assume?
John B. Hess: Well, we test it down to $80 Brent, but you could assume something in the $90 to $100 Brent range as you think about it conceptually.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then, conceptually, do you think your capital program will be more flexible and variable going forward, now that you complete drilling the hole, the acreage in the Bakken, will you dial it up or back down?
John B. Hess: Yes, we will have more flexibility. I think that's a fair statement. Also you've got to remember, we're going to have a number of fields that we're investing in now, like Tubular Bells and North Malay basin and also the continued investment in the Bakken that should generate more production in 2014. So we'll have more cash flow in 2014, from money -- from projects that we're spending money on right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: John, can I just [indiscernible] asset sales, please. I just wanted to clear on your prepared remarks. Did you say an additional $1 billion to $2 billion?
John P. Rielly: Yes, an additional $1 billion to $2 billion are well underway and the details from those activities will be announced as soon as the terms are finalized. But I also said that above and beyond that, further asset sales have been identified and are in the early stages of divestiture.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. You made a comment about this pipe production. Can you -- I mean, we could all take a stab at, I guess, the Eagle Ford restructuring and you previously said small working interest, I guess, that would -- that make [indiscernible] on the block but these are fairly small in terms of production impact. So can you help us with the order of magnitude as to what production is associated with these asset sales?
John B. Hess: Fair enough, Doug. Again, I can't because these things are underway. Some may succeed, some may not happen. But we have a number underway. So again, the specifics of that I only could do once the sales details are finalized, but I think the real important takeaway there is that while the reserve and production base that we have right now will likely be lower than the levels that we have now in 2012, the profitability of those barrels on a per-unit basis should be higher as is currently the case. So the important thing is we're going to be shedding assets that are either smaller interest, that have capital investments associated with them that maybe not as attracted to us, maybe they're in mature areas as well. And we're going to be reinvesting those proceeds and assets that offer lower risk, higher returns and more sustainable growth. So we're confident that these reshaping moves will improve our financial performance and really create long-term value for our shareholders.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Before, with the asset sales, John, just to be clear, you're expecting all of this to be received in the Board by the end of this year?
John B. Hess: No, it probably -- we may announce all of it by the end of the year, if we are fortunate enough, but more likely than not, some of the proceeds, in terms of receiving the cash, may end up coming in 2013. That's why I said that the asset sales should be largely completed by year-end 2013.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. If I could take a second one, on the Bakken, maybe to John -- to Greg, sorry. As regards your Bakken production, Greg, 55,000 in the second quarter suggest that June, or at least the exit rate must have been a fairly punchy number. Can you give us some idea as to how -- where production stands right now, and maybe talk a little bit about what the impact will be if moving to whole sliding sleeve in terms of completion stages, and maybe talk a little bit about how the well results have been coming in, although [ph] they still look pretty good to us?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Well, thanks, Doug. So current rates in the Bakken are just shy of 60,000 right now as we speak. You mentioned that we are very pleased with the wells. The 165 30-plus stage wells that we drill, the average IPs are 900 barrels a day, and we're particularly pleased, when you look at the NDIC data, that passes drilled 7 of the top 25 wells in the play in the first 4 months of 2012. We're in transition to the sliding sleeves. And as I said in my opening remarks, really, by the fourth quarter, we'll be in 100% sliding sleeve mode in the Bakken. So obviously, that offers significant advantages in terms of timing, as well as a reduction in completion costs.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. If I can just squeeze one more in, then I'll leave it there. You mentioned that you're going to be logging beach. I'm guessing you don't log dry holes, Greg. So can you give us some idea as to what the plans going forward could be for Ghana? And I'll leave it at that.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug, I've got to be very careful here because obviously, we can't outrun the government. So anything we really announce about Ghana has to be approved by the government. So suffice to say, you're right, we wouldn't be logging something if it was a dry hole. So that's about all I can say.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, maybe talking broader CapEx question. I know the market isn't very focused on CapEx increases and I think your stock is pressing real value disruption. And just on a higher level question, you mentioned improved returns, but can you quantify your expected returns of these capital projects, meaning when Hess that's global opportunities or spending decisions? Can you just describe your process and your hurdle rates and kind of how you stress your downside returns? I know you mentioned your implied Brent outlook.
John B. Hess: Yes, we look for cost of capital, meaning 10%, testing it down to $70 and $80 Brent. Number one, our hurdle rate's 15%. Obviously, when you talk about our hurdle rate, you've got to take risk into account as well. So for certain projects, we're higher than 15%, but lower risk, long-life returns it'll be a bit lower than that, but generally, it's 15% hurdle rate.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: And then maybe somewhat related, I mean, just on the price-to-reserve basis or other [indiscernible] significantly below implied F&D and your CapEx number and I know that's not perfect analysis, yet it's just clearly historically wide. I mean, how do you think about weighing buybacks, given the paper value versus investment decisions in this calculus?
John B. Hess: Well, right now, what we're focused on is making the investment reposition the portfolio for lower risk, more profitable growth led by the Bakken, but by the other parts of our strategy that I talked about, it's a more balanced, lower risk approach to profitable growth. Obviously, because we're in the investment mode now, due to, predominantly, to the Bakken, we are going to use, predominantly, if not all, asset sales to make up the funding gap and get more balanced. After we get more balanced, then how we use our cash going forward will be a decision that we make where we can find the best way to invest our money for our shareholders.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And maybe just one last if I could. I mean, it's -- I mean, clearly topical across the sector, it seems like everything imaginable is ending up in an MLP. I mean, you have some more conventional midstream assets, you spend a lot on infrastructure in the Bakken and with potential organic growth behind it, which is, recently tax enhancement, how do you -- I mean, any thoughts on how do you think about that vehicle as a potential sourcing of money?
John B. Hess: It's certainly an idea that we weigh against continuing to invest in infrastructure. The Bakken infrastructure we have is really advantaged because of the upstream higher revenues that we get. Because we have significant size and scale in the Bakken, it gives us competitive position. So that doesn't necessarily mean that MLP would be the most advantageous in the long run to do. So the point is it's something we look at but at the end of the day, I think you have to look at it play-by-play as opposed to just saying do an MLP for all your midstream assets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: On the increase in capital spending in the Bakken, from what you initially guided in January and versus where you are now, how do you guys get comfortable that this is the last increase we're going to see this year, and that as we go to through the end of the year, we're not going to see any further increases?
John B. Hess: Well, I think if you look at the trends, I mean, clearly, our costs are coming down. As I said, on our well costs in particular, obviously, the first quarter well costs were high, driven a lot by the sliding -- or sorry, the plug and perf wells. And in the second quarter, we dropped our well costs by 13%, and we expect that trend to continue as we go through the year. And obviously, as we continue to complete infrastructure, that helps as well. Yes, and the final thing is by year end, we'll be out of HBP mode and largely in infill drilling mode as we move into 2013. So there's some obvious advantages there.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then as you guys look at your overall capital expenditure budget, what level of capital do you guys think you need to spend in order to keep production flat?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, we're not really giving that guidance right now. And let me tell you why. Now that we're nearing the end of HBP mode, what we are doing is we're doing a comprehensive development strategy for the Bakken. So this a long-term development strategy with a goal of maximizing profitability and capital efficiency. And so the results of that study will be used to optimize the drilling program in 2013 and beyond.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. And then, in the Bakken, I think you gave us some data points in terms of the drilling times for your wells, has that -- can you give us some trend data on that -- on those wells today, where you were versus last quarter?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that's pretty much stayed the same. So there haven't been major improvements in drilling time Q1 to Q2. I mean, obviously, as we move, again, out of HBP mode and more into pad drilling, you can expect some reductions there because the numbers we quote are spud-to-spud. So that includes all the movement of the rigs that occurs between locations.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, understood. And on your sort of prepared remarks and how you expect to spend less CapEx next year, does any of that reduction in capital spending affect your long term kind of production growth guidance?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, again, I think, specific to the Bakken, again, I think, to say again, we're in the process of completing this comprehensive long-term development strategy for the Bakken. Again, our goal there is maximizing profitability and capital efficiency, and the output of that model will really dictate what those future curves look like.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then last question for me. Do you guys plan to hold an analyst meeting to discuss all these changes and the details and kind of how you guys are spending capital over the next few years?
John B. Hess: We obviously have an active Investor Relations program. We will continue to. Certainly, at the right time, we will consider hosting our own company investor meeting. We're happy to do that. But at the same time, we're going to do everything we can with Jay, Greg, myself, John Rielly to get out and see investors one-on-one as much as possible so they really can get their questions answered and better understand our strategy and our commitment to it. And the whole focus will be getting our cap expenditures under control. We have a plan for that, and then it's up to us to execute it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: If I could just slightly triangulate some of the things you've been saying, John. I think, basically, the long-term outcome from all these moving parts that we just referenced is that you will be cash flow, you said I think, basically breakeven in 2014. And if I kind of triangulate that against another statement was you'd be cash flow breakeven in 2014, on an assumption of a $90 to $100 Brent?
John B. Hess: Let's just assume $100 Brent there.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So basically, that's where we'll end up once this whole process has kind of worked its way through, and that would be a 15% return?
John B. Hess: I'd said, our projects, Paul, when we invest money, our hurdle rate's 15%.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Yes, I understand. Okay. If we could just come back to the guidance for 2012, now on volumes. Could you just run through the moving parts again because I guess, at its interest [ph] level, you were at a much higher current level of production than what you've said you'll achieve for the full year?
John P. Rielly: Sure, Paul. In the third quarter, we're going to be impacted by the normal North Sea facilities maintenance. That happens every third quarter. But in addition to that, we have a shutdown of the Llano Field for 45 days due to the maintenance at the Auger platform. And as well, John has mentioned in his remarks, we now have a 3-month shut-in of the Valhall Field. So that's approximately 25,000 barrels a day that'll be impacting us. In addition, Conger is going to be down for maintenance as well at Enchilada in the third quarter. So what you're seeing from that guidance is the impact in the third quarter and then the fourth quarter production should be back where we're seeing it right now.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay, and then that hopefully can get me down to the -- I guess it's a 4 or 5 upper end of the range guidance that you've got for the full year?
John P. Rielly: We're not guiding within the range but it's 3 95 to 4 05. And again, we're coming into hurricane season and things like that. So from a guidance standpoint, we feel comfortable now narrowing the range to 3 95 to 4 05 for the full year.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. I guess, with the level of disposals that you're talking about, it's going to be hard for you to talk about an outlook for volume growth. I wondered if you could, and if you can talk about that, that would be great, but I assume that it's going to be very tough with all the moving parts. It does seem that you stated quite clearly that you're very committed to the Bakken. Could you talk more about the volume outlook there for the longer term again for us? I'm thinking back to my 2014-type balance cash flow, I just wonder what's the volumes you're looking for now from the Bakken over the longer term?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, again, Paul, our 2013 budget, and that includes production, won't be finalized until later this year. And I want to say again, we're in the process of completing this comprehensive long-term development strategy now that we're nearing HBP for the Bakken. There's a lot of things to consider into the wells, the learning that we've gotten from all the areas that we've drilled in. And again, the focus of that study is going to be to maximize profitability and improve capital efficiency. So when the results of that study are done, we're obviously going to be -- use that to optimize the drilling program in 2013 and beyond. So not comfortable giving any kind of capital or volume estimates until we're really done with that study. We're at a point now in the Bakken where we've learned a lot, and now it's time to look forward and say how do we really want to develop this asset.
John B. Hess: All focused on capital efficiency and focusing on returns.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So we should think about the -- really, as you stated, the primary balance here will be that you'll be cash flow balanced in 2014. The volume that results from that will be an outcome.
John B. Hess: Yes. And the volume also that results from that will be a function of which assets we end up selling, and I think the important thing there is we deliver growth. Sometimes people say shrink to grow. That's not our case. I think that's more the case with the major oil companies that maybe have a little more challenge in their growth profile. We can grow from our current base, but we've got to spend a lot more money. By reducing our portfolio to the more profitable assets, we still deliver pretty respectable growth. The exact number of that, we can't give you until we get the asset sales behind us. But the key to that, we'll be able to live within our means and deliver, I think, very attractive financial returns on a going-forward basis. As I said, while the base of reserves and production going forward will be less subsequent to the asset sales, obviously, than they are now, the profitability on a per-unit basis, the cash margin on a per-unit basis will be higher as we go forward. And I think that focus on profitability is the key takeaway here.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: John, you mentioned the repositioning of Hess and the asset sales you're pursuing and your commitment to the basic strategy. Curious if you still want to be as globally diversified as you are right now, or could some of the asset sales you're considering, and it sounds like it could be more than the $1 billion to $2 billion that have already been outlined, could that exit you out of an area? Do you want to be onshore U.S., Deep Gulf, North Sea, Russia, Southeast Asia, West Africa, maybe in Australia, do all those areas really make sense for Hess at its current size and growth and profitability aspirations?
John B. Hess: Arjun, as opposed to looking at it just purely geographically, I would look at it by asset and what the profitably and investment required for that profitability is by that asset. Sometimes, it's the country, sometimes it's an asset within the country. Obviously, we have a comprehensive program here. And a number of the areas you mentioned are going to be considered within that, to bring more focus to our portfolio, to be more profitable so that then we could invest in the growth projects that deliver the best returns.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. A couple -- you mentioned the potential for CapEx to come down in '13, and I think yourself and your colleagues gave some detail, but Utica shale, if you have success, that sounds like it could be additive, Pony/Knotty Head presumably will be sanctioned at some point in time. Australia LNG is a potential project. It feels like there could be additions as well or perhaps some of those might be in the divestiture category?
John B. Hess: Yes. Arjun, again, we'd like to have a high-class problem that -- or opportunity. I should say that some of the one you mentioned would be sanctioned for development and investment because that would mean it has good returns. Having said that, a number of the things we're selling will be getting rid of capital obligations in the future. So all of that is modeled into the guidance conceptually that we're giving you.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Makes sense. And then just lastly, can you talk about hedging strategy going forward? You had some hedges, they rolled off, you added some this year. Will that be part of your ongoing program going forward?
John B. Hess: Yes. As a general concept, we want to keep a strong balance sheet, live within our means and be able to give our shareholders the benefit of oil prices. And obviously, sometimes, they go down. So you have to have a strong enough balance sheet and also live within your means to be able to absorb the ups and downs. Having said that, as we look at the funding gap that we have this year and with the investment program we have this year, we thought it very prudent to take the risk out of some of our revenues and cash flows to be sure that we can fund through the cycle. So hedging as a concept will always be an option for us. We only did it for this year. We don't know where oil prices are going to be next year. We're not sure exactly where the asset sales are going to be, what our CapEx is going to be, even though it's going to be less of a funding gap next year. So it is an option that will always be on the table. So we will consider it year by year. Having said that, as we get our balance sheet in order, as we live within our means, we're going to be more able to absorb the ups and downs of oil prices.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a quick follow on from Arjun. Do you think you can get the CapEx with the sales and back in becoming more efficient below the $6.8 billion that you were originally going for this year?
John B. Hess: I don't want to go there simply because there are moving pieces in the asset sales that we have. But by definition, where we are right now is the peak of our CapEx, and we're going to make significant reductions for next year. And when we're in a position to give you the details of that, which will be in that fourth quarter conference call most likely, in January of 2013, we will give it. But as soon as we're in a position to give that specific number, we will give it to you.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay, and then 2 follow ons for Greg. I don't know if you can share any of the latest Eagle Ford sort of IP rates from your recent well cost. And if you've had any further wells drilled in the Utica?
Gregory P. Hill: Sorry, I was on mute. Let me do the Utica first. So again, on the Utica, we've got 2 wells in the ground. One was the well that we completed. Remember, on our Marquette acreage, that was the 11 million cubic feet a day well. That well is on. It's facility constrained, pipeline constrained, and producing about 3 million to 4 million cubic feet a day. So variously, in very low pressure drops, it's a good well, it's a good high-rate well. The second well that's been drilled is over on the far west and that's a CONSOL well. That well is waiting on rod pump, artificial lift. So we'll see what that well is going to produce. And then we're in various stages of drilling, really, both CONSOL and us in various stages of drilling additional wells. So no results to report on those yet just because we're still in the drilling stage on all of them. I think just a general statement about the Utica, we remain pretty pleased and pretty optimistic when you take into account what we've seen albeit limited and what industry is seeing. We feel -- we still feel good about our acreage position in Utica. In regards to the Eagle Ford, on our retained acreage. So this is the Cotulla area. We've now got 43 wells in the ground, of which, 40 are now on production. Only 34 of these have 30-day IPs, and those range between 250 and 650 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Production in June is averaging about 4,000 barrels a day net to us, and that's 2/3 liquids. So that gives you some sense or some color of the Utica results to date -- sorry, the Eagle Ford.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just one smaller question around the Bakken, in terms of its variability in working interest. Obviously, in the first quarter, it was low. In the second quarter, it was high. How does that process work in terms of -- is it your choice or is it around the working interest that the partners are taking in the wells?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Well, it's a mixture of both because, of course, we -- as part of our lean manufacturing process, we nominate or put wells in our schedule, really about 18 months in advance, right? So we have a 12- to 18-month drilling schedule that we're planning to. And of course, in that, we know the working interest, assuming a certain level of participation by the other party. Now if somebody elects to go nonconsent on a well, obviously, that working interest will float up in that particular well. So our forecast are based upon this 80% average working interest, which assumes that most of the partners participate in the well. Obviously, if people elect not to, that working interest will float up over time.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And as you're thinking about the 54 to 58, there potentially could be some upside if you could get a higher working interest in those wells or is that sort of adjusted in the guidance?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, it's sort of adjusted in the guidance. But if you look at the annual impact of that, it's going to be fairly small, right?
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Some quick ones on the Bakken. You changed your completion techniques. Any difference with EURs?
Gregory P. Hill: No, John. We've done quite a study actually comparing plug and perf/hybrid to sliding sleeves and we see no difference. Now having said that, we're still early in the type curve phase, but certainly, there's no difference between the performance of the wells.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Are you engaging in control flowback techniques to increase EURs?
Gregory P. Hill: In the Utica or in the Eagle Ford?
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Both.
Gregory P. Hill: Well, in the Utica, yes. What we do is we shut in the well for an extended period of time. The nature of the Utica is quite different than the Bakken, but in the Bakken, no. No, we don't.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay, Ghana, you mentioned that Hickory [ph] with gas condensate, is it retrograde?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, it is, yes.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. And last one for me is Australia. Any other news with respect to that? You haven't mentioned anything.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So Australia, we recently completed our appraisal drilling and testing campaign on our WA-390-P block. That appraisal campaign included 4 wells and 5 DSPs and has yielded some pretty important information for future development. For example, we were able to successfully drill the first offshore horizontal well in Australia, which will reduce the number of development wells required for the project, and the DSDs also confirmed good reservoir continuity, high flow rates and minimal contaminants in the gas stream. One final point I'd make is the Australian government's granted a major project facilitation status to us, and that really streamlined some assistance during approvals in order for a development decision to be reached. And as has been ongoing for several months, as you all know, the commercial discussions with all the potential liquefaction partners are ongoing. So that's our next step really.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Are you thinking about bringing in an equity partner? We're seeing that with a lot of the deals for LNG in Asia. Are you considering that?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we're considering it. And obviously, like all LNG deals, typically, if you have a buyer, a certain percentage of the equity in the gas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have to apologize that I came in a bit late. So if you already covered it, just let me know, I will check the transcript later on. Greg, have you given any well cost on the Bakken and Eagle Ford in the second quarter?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Paul. Actually, in my opening remarks. In the first quarter, this is related to hybrids and sliding sleeves, so in the first quarter, nearly 70% of our wells were hybrid wells with an overall average drilling complete cost of $13.4 million per well. Now during the second quarter, only 40% of our wells for those hybrids or overall average drilling complete cost was $11.6 million. So that's reduction at 13%. And then looking forward to the second half, our HBP drilling wells will be substantially completed by year end, and then 100% of our wells will be sliding sleeve wells by the fourth quarter, which leads to an estimated drilling complete cost of under $10 million for the second half.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, and how about in Eagle Ford?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Eagle Ford, we've seen significant cost reductions as we have taken over operatorship of the well. So if you look at the wells currently, we're about $8.9 million on 2012 drilling and completion costs in the Eagle Ford.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And Greg, can you give us some idea that how much you are spending your CapEx in Eagle Ford this year, Australia and also Utica, as well as the infrastructure spending in Bakken this year?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I'll pass it on to John Rielly, but the one thing I do want to say, Paul, on the Eagle Ford is relative to our 2011 performance, which was $10.3 million per well, we've already got those cost down to $8.9 million drilling complete in the Eagle Ford and there's more improvement underway as we speak. So that's the average cost. Recent wells have actually been cheaper than that in the Eagle Ford.
John P. Rielly: Paul, if I remember your question, I think you asked for the Eagle Ford, the Utica and Australia...
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And also the infrastructure spending this year in Bakken, the CapEx expectation I should say.
John P. Rielly: Sure. So in the Eagle Ford, and both -- actually, both the Eagle Ford and Utica, there is some land cost as well in these costs. So not just infrastructure and drilling, but Eagle Ford is approximately $380 million this year forecasted, the Utica is about $350 million forecasted of total capital spend. In Australia, the forecast is $220 million for this year. As Greg was saying, finishing up the appraisal program. And as far as the facility costs or the infrastructure costs, all infrastructure cost, not just major, including the gathering systems that Greg spoke about, we're forecasting $760 million of facility cost in the Bakken this year.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And, John, so -- I mean, in theory, that you say the Bakken infrastructure cost will come down after this year. So should we assume, going forward, will be $200 million or $300 million a year?
John P. Rielly: You have to get to ultimately to a recurring number to get to that type of level. So we still do have to finish the Tioga Gas plant as Greg had mentioned in his remarks. So that will still be going on next year. And then it just depends on where the drilling is and getting further gathering systems in pipelines in there, but we will -- we expect the reduction next year in the facilities and then you can see maybe a slow trend depending on the development program that Greg spoke about that we are looking into right now.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And John, wondering that if you can share with us that you're talking about there's a $1 billion to $2 billion of potential asset sales that is currently underway of the negotiation. Let's assume that if those pad [ph] is going to be actually complete, what does the production volume impact may look like?
John B. Hess: Yes, again, Paul, and this question was asked before, we can't give that kind of specific point until the asset sales are finalized and the terms are finalized. So we don't want to be in front of our blockers on this one because some of the deals may not meet our expectations and we'll do some other deals. And until all these deals are finalized, one by one, when they are, we'll give you the details of that. And then obviously, you can update your production accordingly. The key point is the focus going forward is going to be capital efficiency and profitability, and the things we are selling are going to be more mature, not as strategic. We'll still be global independent, but we're going to have a more profitable portfolio and invest in the capital projects that offer the best financial returns.
Operator: At this time, I would now like to turn the conference over to management for closing remarks.
John B. Hess: That's it. That's fine. And thank you, all, for your attention. And again, we have our strategy laid out, we're focusing on the capital expenditures. And as we execute our strategy, we're confident that it's going to create a lot of value for our shareholders. We appreciate everybody's interest.
Operator: Thank you for joining today's conference. That concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Gregory P. Hill - Executive Vice President, President of Worldwide Exploration & Production and Director
Analysts: Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2012 Hess Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chanel, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes.  I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Chanel. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments, after which John Rielly will review our financial results.  Net income for the first quarter of 2012 was $545 million. Compared to the year ago quarter, our earnings were negatively impacted by lower crude oil sales volumes and higher operating costs, which more than offset the impact of higher realized crude oil and natural gas selling prices.  Exploration and Production earned $635 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 397,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was roughly flat with the year ago quarter. Higher production from the Bakken in North Dakota, the Pangkah Field in Indonesia and the Malaysia/Thailand Joint Development Area offset the impact of North Sea natural gas asset sales and natural field declines in Equatorial Guinea.  In North Dakota, net production from the Bakken averaged 42,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter compared to 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the year ago quarter. Thus far in April, net production from the Bakken has averaged 47,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. While we expect the monthly average to continue to increase throughout the rest of the year, we now expect the average for the full year may come in somewhat lower than our original estimate of 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. As usual, we will update this estimate as well as our overall company production forecast on the July conference call. At the Llano Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the operator is currently performing a workover on the Llano #3 well, which was shut in for mechanical reasons in the first quarter of last year. We expect that production from this well will resume by the end of May. At Valhall in Norway, field redevelopment is expected to be completed in the third quarter. Net production averaged 22,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter. In Libya, net production averaged 18,000 barrels per day in the first quarter and has averaged 21,000 barrels per day in April.  With regard to exploration in Ghana, on March 27, we spud the Hickory North well in the Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points Block. This prospect is located 3.5 miles west of our Paradise discovery and the well will test reservoirs similar to those found at Paradise, as well as deeper targets. Following completion of Hickory North, we plan to drill a prospect called Sisili, a large structure located approximately 5.5 miles southeast of Paradise. As a result of recently signed farmout agreements, which are subject to final government approvals, Hess' working interest in the block will be reduced from 90% to 35%.  Offshore Brunei. The Julong East well on Block CA-1, in which Hess has a 13.5% interest, encountered hydrocarbons and the operator is currently evaluating the results. The rig has now moved to the southeast to spud the Jagus East well, which will test an offset to the Gumusut Field, currently under development on the Malaysian side of the border.  Later in the second quarter, we plan to resume exploration drilling in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Ness Deep, located in Green Canyon 507, is a Miocene prospect in which Hess has a 50% working interest. BHP has the remaining 50% and is the operator.  Turning to Marketing and Refining. We reported net income of $11 million for the first quarter of 2012. The previously announced shutdown of the HOVENSA joint venture refinery was completed in the first quarter. As a result of the charge taken last quarter, there was no net income impact from HOVENSA's first quarter operations.  Marketing earnings were $22 million compared to $68 million in last year's first quarter. Retail marketing faced rising wholesale prices during the first quarter, which put pressure on fuel margins. Gasoline volumes on a per site basis were flat, while total convenience store sales were down 2% versus last year's first quarter. Energy Marketing earnings were lower than last year's first quarter as a result of significantly warmer weather this past winter.  With regard to asset sales, in the first quarter, we closed the sale of our interest in the Snohvit Field in Norway for $132 million and entered into an agreement to sell our interest in the in the Bittern Field in the United Kingdom, which is expected to close in the fourth quarter. Also in March, we announced that we have started the sale process for our St. Lucia oil terminal. Additional asset sales are in progress, and we will provide updates as soon as details become available. We anticipate that proceeds from asset sales, along with internally generated cash flow, will fund the majority of our capital and exploratory expenditures in 2012. Our principal focus this year continues to be on execution and the sustained profitable growth of our reserves and production.  I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks, John. Hello everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare results from the first quarter of 2012 to the fourth quarter of 2011.  Corporation generated consolidated net income of $545 million in the first quarter of 2012, compared with a net loss of $131 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, Corporation had earnings of $509 million in the first quarter of 2012, compared with $394 million in the previous quarter.  Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production had income of $635 million in the first quarter of 2012, compared with $527 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. First quarter results included a gain of $36 million related to the sale of the corporation's interest in the Snohvit Field, offshore Norway. Excluding the effect of the asset sale, the change in after-tax components of the results were as follows: Lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $16 million. Higher realized selling prices increased earnings by $10 million. Lower exploration expenses improved earnings by $94 million. Higher cash cost decreased income by $29 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $13 million, for an overall increase in first quarter adjusted earnings of $72 million.  Our E&P operations were under-lifted in the quarter compared with production, resulting in decreased after-tax income of approximately $35 million. E&P effective income tax rate for the first quarter of 2012 was 40%, excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods. Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining generated income of $11 million in the first quarter of 2012, compared with a loss of $561 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. Marketing earnings were $22 million in the first quarter of 2012, compared with $48 million in the fourth quarter of 2011, principally reflecting lower margins and volumes in retail operations.  In refining, Port Reading operations incurred a loss of $6 million in both the first quarter of 2012 and the fourth quarter of 2011. As discussed last quarter, HOVENSA reported losses of $592 million in the fourth quarter of 2011, which included an after-tax charge of $525 million due to the refinery shutdown. In the first quarter of 2012, trading activities generated a loss of $5 million, compared with a loss of $11 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. December 31, 2011, Corporation had an accrued liability of $487 million for its share of future funding commitments for costs to shut down HOVENSA's refinery in St. Croix. Corporation, along with its partner, fully funded their estimated commitments in the first quarter of 2012. Turning to Corporate. Net corporate expenses were $38 million in the first quarter of 2012, compared with $40 million in the fourth quarter of 2011. After-tax interest expense was $63 million in the first quarter of 2012 compared with $57 million in the fourth quarter, reflecting higher borrowings and bank facility fees.  Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter, net of funding of the accrued liability to HOVENSA of $487 million, was $988 million. Capital expenditures were $1,878,000,000. Net borrowings were $889 million. Proceeds from asset sales were $132 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $86 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the first quarter of $45 million. We had $396 million of cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2012, and $351 million at December 31, 2011. Total debt was $6,978,000,000 at March 31, 2012, and $6,057,000,000 at December 31, 2011. And the corporation's debt to capitalization ratio was 26.7% at March 31, 2012, compared with 24.6% at the end of 2011.  This concludes my remarks. We'll be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate, Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I've got a couple of questions, if I may. First of all, on the progression in your Bakken production guidance, I wonder if you could help us reconcile what's going on there because basically, if you look at the latest sort of public well data from the state, it looks like your production in -- the vast majority of the wells you drilled, at least in the last 6 months or so, are coming in substantially better than the type curve guidance that you gave us, I guess, last September. So if could you help us understand how that reconciles with the potential risk to the 60,000 barrel a day number and how you expect that progression through the year. And I've got a couple of follow-ups, please.
Gregory P. Hill: I guess before answering your question directly, let me just provide a little context on the Bakken. So the growth from the Bakken continues with our production averaging 42,000 barrels a day in the first quarter, which is up 11% from the fourth quarter and 68% from the first quarter of 2011. In the first quarter, we had 14 operating rigs running. We drilled 37 new wells and completed 52. So that means we currently have 142: 34-plus stage [ph] systems in the ground with 112 on production. Now 86 of these wells have been on production for at least 1 month and have an average 30-day IP rate of around 900 barrels a day. So obviously, very encouraging results. Now although first quarter production was a little lower than planned due to a combination of factors which included changes in well mix resulting from HBP requirements and some permitting bottlenecks, we continue to make progress in drilling efficiency and remain on this very solid growth trajectory. Now over the remainder of the year, Doug, we plan to add 2 to more rigs, going from 14 in first quarter to 16 and 17 for the balance of the year, and then modify our mix to focus our drilling activities on higher productivity and higher working interest areas, also meeting HBP requirements. Now as John said, while we expect the production will continue to increase throughout the year, the average for the full year may come in somewhat lower than our original estimate at 60,000 barrels a day. And as usual, we'll provide an update to that on our July conference call.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Greg, just picking up on some of your comments there. So the working interest in the wells you've been drilling early on in the HBP are more than what are you going to do in the second half of the year? Is that what you just described there?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. We're going to increase the working interest of wells in the latter part of the year than what we've been drilling currently.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: 'v So can you give an indication as to what the difference is and the working interest between the early wells and the later wells?
Gregory P. Hill: No. I can't, Doug. I can't give you average between now and then. But suffice to say, it's going to be drilling higher working at the wells [ph].
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. I don't need to push this point too much, but the IP rates, Greg, appear to be substantially better on some of the more recent wells. Can you comment as to what's changed there?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So my comments were around well mix. So as you know, we're in HBP mode, Doug, which means that we're focused on getting acreage held by production rather than focusing on sweet spots. So not surprising, while in this mode, we expect to experience some variability in the IPs. And in the first quarter, we drilled in some areas which had somewhat lower IPs, but they still have very good economics.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. My only other question really is on the CapEx. The first quarter number looks disproportionately high compared to the guidance for the year. Can you talk about -- are we looking at any acquisitions in there? And how does it change your guidance and maybe a little bit of explanation as to why it's so front-end loaded? And I'll leave it at that.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Doug. As you know, it's still early in the year. And as usual, we'll provide an update to the capital spend guidance on the Q2 earnings call. Having said that, we are seeing upward pressure in scope in certain areas, as Greg just mentioned, such as the Bakken, where we'll be adding some rigs as we go throughout the year and we're shifting to drilling the higher working interest areas, as well in Tubular Bells, actually. Just sent a fourth rig that arrived earlier in the Gulf of Mexico. So it's actually in like 4 to 5 months to full year than we originally planned. So it's just an acceleration of spend into the year. Now however, even with that upward pressure in capital, as John mentioned earlier, we still anticipate funding the majority of our 2012 capital program with cash flow from operations and asset sales.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So the guidance is -- the $6.8 billion guidance, John, what does that look like?
John P. Rielly: We're going to -- we will update that on the second quarter conference call. But there is upward pressure on that number, as I spoke about.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake of Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So just coming back to this Bakken issue, I mean how much of -- so as you sort of move through HBP, are there any acceleration in terms of the timing of getting through to the end of that HBP to give some confidence that in 2013, the performance is going to improve relative to the weaker performance in the first quarter?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So Ed, again, we're increasing our rig count. So we're going up 2 rigs. We currently have 14 on a couple of new builds from Precision where we got rid of the old style rig. So we'll increase the well count. And we are moving back into some higher productivity and higher working interest areas in our HBP acreage.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: But to be, I guess, specific, if I look at some of the data, your wells seem to be down for longer periods than some of the competitors. So the actual calendar day, sort of IP, is lower than the sort of type curves. How are you going to close that gap relative to some of the other operators that we see up in North Dakota?
Gregory P. Hill: Not really familiar with what you're talking about. I will tell you that our data shows we're very competitive with other operators in North Dakota.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: The issue is that each well doesn't produce as many days in any particular year, according to the Dakota information, in any month, particularly in the first couple of months, which could be infrastructure, could be HBP.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. I mean, it's early days, Ed. I mean, remember, we're adding a lot of infrastructure in North Dakota, much more than some of our competitors.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then just a follow-on question on CapEx. How much is the infrastructure spend as opposed to drilling spend in the Bakken this year?
John P. Rielly: We've been running about $400 million to $500 million on infrastructure-type cost in the Bakken. And obviously, as Greg said, we're building that out and then that we'll go down in future years.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And when do you think you'd see that inflection coming?
John P. Rielly: We should start seeing some reductions in 2013 on those infrastructure costs.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio, Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: With Bakken and CapEx, a little more coverage here. Congrats on the execution of the Ghana sell down, was that a -- can you provide any color on the terms of the cap or on the promote? And is that likely to come into effect? And then with Hickory North spud in late March, we expect 60 to 90 days on that well. And is there any joint maybe pre-drill P50 that you could share with us?
Gregory P. Hill: Let me kind of take your questions in reverse order, Evan. No, we don't provide any pre-drill estimates on exploration wells basically. The rig -- again, it will be about a 90-day well, 60 to 90 days, depending on testing and whatnot. Regarding the deals, the terms are confidential -- of both deals. So there's 2 partners. They're farming into the block. Final government approval was still required but both involved a combination of promote to pay a disproportionate amount of the well cost or an interest in the block.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And if -- shifting gears to the Brunei exploration. Julong East -- interpret the release in any color on whether that was commercial, or any color on what type of prospect that or I guess Jagus East is. I mean, were these the offset structures to Kikeh or Gumusut or were they lookalikes like the first prospect?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Evan. So the first -- the last well we drilled was a discovery. Total is in the process of evaluating the results of the well, which we believe is an offset to the Kikeh Field. So I think it's best -- we're in the middle of evaluation and I think it's best for us to refer you to the operator for additional details. But it was a discovery. Regarding the current well that we're on, it is an offset to the -- offset location to the Gumusut Field, which Shell is developing in Malaysia, as John mentioned in his opening remark.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, good. If I could squeeze one last one in here, maybe back to the Bakken. I know realization is more discounted year-on-year in the first quarter. You should see some offset in the second quarter and beyond. Can you update us on the -- on your unreal [ph] volumes in the quarter and where you may be now on takeaway capacity?
John B. Hess: Yes. We just started up our rail facility and we're going to be moving about approximately 25,000 barrels a day of Bakken crude down to St. James, Louisiana. Spread is now, between LLS versus WTI plus the discount off of WTI to get it into Clearbrook or North Dakota or Western North Dakota as the case may be, is in about the $25 range. In March, it was closer to the $40 range. In prior months, it was closer to $20. So obviously, that's margin upgrade that we get on about 25,000 barrels a day. But we just started the rail facility in full force, and we should be ramping up during the year to higher volumes. Our full capacity for all the rail cars that we're going to have by the end of the year could be in the range of 50,000 to 54,000 barrels a day.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti, Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just a couple of more Bakken questions. The fact that you're doing a bunch of HBP drilling, is that in effect creating some bit of a backlog in terms of tying things in, maybe allowing for a catch-up at some point in the future and next year? And then secondly, can you talk about where well costs are trending in -- on your Bakken wells?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure. Let me just answer both of the questions. First of all, let me just again reinforce there were 2 issues in the first quarter. So the first thing was permitting issue, which really just reflects the huge amount of activity in North Dakota. So during the first quarter, we experienced some delays in receiving permits at certain locations, which resulted in delays in getting wells on production. So we're working with the state to resolve these issues. And then my second comment was around well mix, where you're in HBP mode and focused on acreage being held by production rather than focusing on the sweet spots. And of course, while in this mode, you're going to experience some variability in IPs. I think the final thing, Arjun, is when you're in HBP mode, you're essentially drilling the first well and pad, right. So you have a lot more movement of manpower, rigs, materials then when you're in pad drilling mode, which is different than some of our competitors that are back in pad drilling mode. So those are improvements we expect once we return to pad drilling in late 2012, early 2013.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That makes sense, Greg. Is there a backlog, so to speak, of stuff that needs to be tied in beyond some of the permitting delays you talked about?
Gregory P. Hill: There is. So we still have a backlog of wells to complete. That backlog is coming down, and we expect to be in the normal backlog. Normal will be 20 to 25 wells. Though in the backlog, this is part of your process, that work in progress. You had one more question.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Well cost.
Gregory P. Hill: You had one more question on well cost. A good number to use for 2012 is $10 million for drilling and completing wells. Our Q1 costs were a little higher due to a shortage of white sand proppant. However, that issue is now resolved. We expect our cost to drop as we transition to a full sliding sleeve completion. We're going to full 34-stage sliding sleeve completion. And we continue to achieve drilling efficiency gains. This quarter, our drilling days were down [indiscernible] 7. Before, they were 30 days. So we're continuing to see those drilling efficiency gains as well, which would get even better and better as we go to sliding sleeve and HBP drilling.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. On the Utica, any update on what you're doing there?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, the Utica, I think -- I mean, we're still in very early stages of our appraisal of the Utica, with only 2 wells having been drilled and completed both on our acreage and the CONSOL acreage. So as we mentioned in our last call, we completed the Marquette well in Jefferson County end of the year. That well flowed at an initial rate of 11 million cubic feet a day. It's currently producing 4.5 million cubic feet a day. And the reason is that's curtailed by pipeline capacity. So it's got much more potential than that. Our partner, CONSOL Energy, recently completed a well in Tuscarawas County, which is 45 miles west-northwest of our Marquette wells. It's currently under evaluation. We will commence our Hess-operated drilling program in mid-May.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's great. And then just a final quick follow-up. Was there any material acreage acquisition cost in that 1Q CapEx? Or it's just a comment about scope and so forth that John -- I think John Rielly had mentioned?
John P. Rielly: There were some, just the routine type acreage, filling acreage cost, but nothing overly significant.
Operator: Next question comes from Robert Kessler, Tudor Pickering, Holt.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just a quick follow-up on the Bakken. For your, say, 42,000 barrels a day of net production, how much of that might be nonoperated?
Gregory P. Hill: We don't have that number here right now, Robert. We can get back to you with that number.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then separately on Tubular Bells, can you help me understand a little bit of the rationale for the strategy to sort of outsource the production facility to Williams and its Gulfstar FPS, and a little bit of color around the structure of that arrangement?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Robert. That was -- just to remind everyone on the call, that arrangement was actually done by BP. If we recall on October 2011, we increased our interest to 57% from 40%, basically took over between us and Chevron BP's interest. And that was the development concept that was underway at that time. And we just continued on with the development concept.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Is there any way to provide some kind of overall kind of cash cost for Tubular Bells inclusive of the fee you have to pay for processing?
Gregory P. Hill: No, Robert. We don't go down to that level of detail at this point in time. And again, we have to wait to see if the development actually starts up as well.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Is it fair to say you're on the hook for a certain amount of payment even if the wells are not brought online on time?
Gregory P. Hill: No. It goes post development. So as production comes on, the facility effectively then gets paid off. That's part of the processing fee.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then I think Williams also references their comfort that they'll be carried through, say, hurricane disruption risk, which is currently not inconsequential in the Gulf of Mexico for up to, say, 6 months or so. How does that work? Do you still make payments to the operator of the facility even if you're not producing in that scenario?
Gregory P. Hill: Those type of terms actually we won't discuss on a call. That's kind of -- that's confidential at this point.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng, Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, can you share with us what is in Bakken, your current cash lifting cost?
Gregory P. Hill: Paul, we don't break -- again, break that down. You can see, obviously, in the U.S. that the Bakken is a good part of the production in the U.S. So it's built into those costs.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, is the unit cash cost higher or about the same as your average U.S.?
John P. Rielly: With the Bakken again, what we have right now is a ramp-up. So there's a lot of people. There's a lot of equipment and everything being done to support the growth that's going on there. So just like with the cash cost, as well as on DD&A, where the initial DD&A rates are high because the reserve bookings lag the investment dollars, you will have that kind of higher cost type impact that will come down over time.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: We understand. I just want to note that we need to look at that based on and see that what kind of improvement we could potentially expect. If you can draw down to some of the -- your competitor in the basin, then maybe down to 5 or 6, are we at this point in the 20-plus or at the 15? Are we -- I mean, what kind of improvement at least we could expect from a cash flow standpoint going forward? You have assumed indeed would be once you move to the batch and be able to move down to the kind of cost curve as your best competitor. So we're just trying to get some better understanding.
John B. Hess: Yes, Paul. I think we are one of the best competitors. We are pre-investing in infrastructure, over $500 million on our Tiago Gas Plant to strip liquids out and be able to capture the value from the natural gas. Most people don't have that or they have to pay a lot on tariffs to get access to that. The rail facility is already showing its wisdom of revenue upgrade. It's not just about cost, as you well know. And on the cost side, our people are very efficient. Obviously, the logistical challenge of the 14- and ultimately 16-rig program going -- manufacturing, HBP, it's going through the early phases of ramp-up in a very big operation. And that creates some of the noise and the unit costs. But we do see those stabilizing over time. And then last but not least, as we get more well production history, we will be booking more proved reserves, which will also help us in terms of the DD&A. So it's early stages of a major investment for our company, creates some volatility and being able to predict both on the cost side and on the production side. But we're very confident that we're on a solid growth trajectory. And as we move forward in time, our unit costs will improve.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: No, I understand that, John, but I just want to see if you can give us some number or some estimate so that we can -- you say that's a baseline, so that we can do some calculation ourselves what is the improvement that we could expect from a cash flow and earning from that operation over the next several years?
John B. Hess: I think you will able to see that, Paul, as we deliver results. So as we deliver results, I think you'll be more satisfied with the answer.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the unit train [ph], assume if the economic years permit, how quickly or that -- what is the fastest that you can get ramp up to 50,000-54,000 barrel per day? And what is the limitation in terms of the time take to ramp it up?
John B. Hess: It's a number of things. It's ability to offtake in the market. It's access to 2 of the trains we leased out, I think, of the 9 train sets that we have until about August. So gradually, you'll see a ramp-up from the 25,000 barrels a day now ultimately to that 50,000-barrel-a-day number or higher by the end of the year.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So by the end of the year. So you're not going to be able to get that, say, by the third quarter?
John B. Hess: As I said, there will be a gradual ramp-up from 25,000 barrels a day right now to about 50,000 to 54,000 by the end of the year.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Can you give us an update on the Valhall?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Paul, this is Greg. Valhall production about flat. I mean, the -- as we've said before, the BRD will be done this year. And so you can expect volume at Valhall to be about flat with what it was last year until we get that redevelopment program done. We do have -- we are doing some producer drilling this year. So we're anxious to see the results of that producer drilling as those wells come online.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, are we still talking about in the third quarter the redevelopment start-up?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. The work on the redevelopment occurs in the third quarter.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. On Utica, CONSOL, that well, I think, has been complete more than 1 month ago. Do you have any production number you can share?
Gregory P. Hill: The operator. You have to refer to the operator on that.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. A final one on Libya. What was the sales being record in the first quarter?
John P. Rielly: In Libya, we did get a lift towards the end of March. So we had a lift in approximately a 600,000-barrel type area. So we did have a significant under-lift with Libya. We had an under-lift of approximately 950,000 barrels for Libya in the first quarter.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So John, should we assume that as you start to catching up your effective tax rate for international E&P, it would be substantially higher because of Libya?
John P. Rielly: Correct. If you assume that lifting catch-up in equal production, that will increase that effective tax rate and will get it up, if lifting vehicle production, into the -- overall, this is 44% to 48% effective rate range.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: How much? I'm sorry.
John P. Rielly: 44% to 48%, if Libya -- if we get all our production lifting and catch-up. The other thing that Libya does then it will help us on the unit cost. So from the unit cost aspect, our unit cost will go down $1 to $2 per BOE.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Is the 44% to 48%, is that total E&P or just international E&P?
John P. Rielly: Total E&P.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Total E&P. Do you have an estimate of your deferred tax look like in this year?
John P. Rielly: No. Now that's too early to be able to do that, Paul.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey, Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: On your -- if I could ask about your cash flows. Forgive me if you mentioned this, but was there any major working capital movements within that number that you gave?
John P. Rielly: The big movement was the funding of our HOVENSA commitment. So we had an accrued liability of $487 million related to the shutdown for HOVENSA. So we, along with our partner, funded our share. So we funded the $487 million to HOVENSA in the first quarter because there was a tender offer for the debt down there at HOVENSA and due to the timing of the liquidation proceeds from the inventory and also the timing of shutdown cost. So we fully funded. That was the biggest impact from the working capital standpoint. There were other positive impacts of working capital aside from that of approximately $240 million.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So the entire $487 million you just mentioned was within the quarter?
John P. Rielly: Was within the quarter.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then it was offset by $240 million positive.
John P. Rielly: Correct. And the -- we do not expect any more funding for HOVENSA for the rest of the year.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I've got you. Can you give us a sense of the cash impact of the hedges in the quarter?
John P. Rielly: Sure. So I mean, you saw the after-tax impact was $71 million in the quarter. So you can just divide that by the effective tax rate. So it's approximately $110 million to $115 million pretax.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That is helpful. I was wondering, you gave a number for -- I believe you gave a number for infrastructure spend in the Bakken of about $400 million, just in the Q&A. Do you have a number for the spend, the overall CapEx in the Bakken for the year?
John P. Rielly: No. We don't have that number at this time.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: It's simply that you obviously -- that you just don't break it out, right?
John P. Rielly: Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pavel Molchanov, Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Well, no one has asked about downstream yet, so I thought I would do that. I just saw the -- a news release from the EPA stating that you guys will be investing $45 million in pollution controls at Port Reading. Given that refinery just seems to be kind of in perpetually in the red, I'm curious what the logic is to retain it and in fact invest more in the facility rather than just do what you did with HOVENSA?
John B. Hess: No. As you -- no, Port Reading is a much smaller refining complex than HOVENSA. As long as its -- generates acceptable financial returns, we'll keep running it. And as there are updates to be given on its status, we will give them.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. What do you think needs to happen to get margins at that facility to an acceptable levels? I mean, is it a purely kind of crack spread issues? Or are there internal changes that could be made?
John B. Hess: The biggest determinant is market conditions, which obviously we have no control over.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Faisel Khan, Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I was wondering if you could, maybe I missed this, give us an update on the Eagle Ford. What kind of well results that you had out of that basin?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. Faisel, this is Greg. So we have -- just recall, we currently have about 109,000 net acres in the Eagle Ford. And we drilled 38 wells, 29 completed and brought on production. Now of those 29, 22 wells have been on more than 30 days and they delivered 30-day IP rates ranging between 250 and 650 barrels a day. So keep in mind the Eagle Ford is just like all of our unconventional plays. We're still very early in the appraisal mode on the Eagle Ford.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And what's the mix of black oil versus condensate versus NGLs and gas or maybe just a liquids-gas ratio?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So we're -- with the current well mix, it's about 60-40. But part of our appraisal program is to move through different areas of the oil window, condensate window, et cetera. So that number is going to change over time as we appraise it.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then just going back to the funding of HOVENSA. Was all that capital related to the debt, or was it also related to some sort of environmental remediation sort of liability?
John P. Rielly: No. So HOVENSA, they had debt to be extinguished plus they had the overall shutdown cost. So at the end of the year, we had an accrual for $487 million for the totality of shutting down HOVENSA. So that was going to be the total amount that Hess -- and our estimate was that we were going to fund. We put that in there. And it's for the debt and other related shutdown cost.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And what happens to the inventory? How does that kind of come back you guys?
John P. Rielly: So that inventory was -- the liquidation of the inventory was net in that estimate. Our estimate then was reduced by the estimated proceeds from the inventory.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. So what happens from now on? Is it -- I guess you could turn the facility into a terminal, and then is there any value that you could accrue back from that sort of situation?
John P. Rielly: That is the plan right now, that HOVENSA will be turned into a storage terminal.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay, so you then collect a fee-based sort of revenue off of it over time?
John P. Rielly: Correct.
Operator: And you have a follow-up from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, where are we in the Australian gas appraisal and the supply agreement negotiation?
Gregory P. Hill: Just -- the Jack Bates rig has returned on location there, and we expect to complete all of our appraisal work by mid-2012. So that's complete drilling of 1 well plus 2 tests. So test the well that we're drilling. Let's then go back to a well that was previously drilled that we plan to test. Now in parallel, we continue these commercial discussions with the liquefaction partners. Our aim is to complete those in 2012, and those are ongoing, Paul.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Greg, in Bakken, what's the split in your liquids between black oil and condensate? Is the bulk of your production in the liquids side is black oil or just condensate?
Gregory P. Hill: Majority is black oil. Approximately, like -- you're getting like 85% to 90% black oil.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So it's black oil. And then in Eagle Ford, just when you say 60-40, is that 60% condensate, 40% black oil? Or are you talking about just between the liquid and gas mix?
Gregory P. Hill: No. It's 60% condensate, 40% black oil. It's kind of that split. But again, Paul, remember, we're in appraisal mode. So those numbers are constantly moving around as we move around in the play.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Q&A session. That also concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-01-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Gregory P. Hill - Executive Vice President, President of Worldwide Exploration & Production and Director John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Hess Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Erica, and I'll be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Erica. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com.  Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements.  With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I would like to review key achievements for 2011, and provide some guidance for 2012. Greg Hill will, then, discuss our Exploration and Production business, and John Rielly will review our financial results.  Corporate net income for the full year 2011 was $1.7 billion. Exploration and Production earned $2.7 billion, and Marketing and Refining lost $584 million. Compared to 2010, our results reflected lower crude oil and natural gas sales volumes, weaker refining results and the impact of higher crude oil selling prices. Included in our fourth quarter 2011 financial results is an after-tax charge of $525 million related to the closure of the HOVENSA joint venture refinery, which was announced last week.  In 2012, our company's capital and exploratory expenditures are budgeted at $6.8 billion with substantially all dedicated to Exploration and Production. Over the past several years, we have significantly increased our commitment to unconventionals to generate more predictable growth in reserves and production. 2012, we plan to invest $2.5 billion or nearly 40% of our projected spend in unconventionals. In addition, we plan to invest $1.6 billion for production, $1.8 billion for developments and $800 million for exploration.  We expect to fund the majority of our 2012 capital program from internally generated cash flow and asset sales. To protect our cash flow, we have hedged 120,000 barrels of oil per day or approximately 45% of our forecasted oil production for the calendar year 2012 at an average Brent price of $107.70 per barrel.  In the fourth quarter, we agreed to sell our 3% interest in the Snohvit LNG project in Norway to Statoil for $170 million. This transaction will reduce our 2012 production by approximately 3,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and is expected to close on January 31.  With regard to Exploration and Production, in 2011, we replaced 147% of production at an FD&A cost of approximately $36 per barrel. At year end, our proved reserves stood at 1.573 billion barrels of oil equivalent, and our reserve life was 11.4 years. Including last year's results, our 5-year average reserve replacement ratio was 153%, and our average FD&A cost is about $23 per barrel of oil equivalent.  In 2011, our crude oil and natural gas production was 370,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, an 11% decrease compared to the 418,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day we averaged in 2010. Most of last year's production issues were due to short-term setbacks, including weather-related delays in North Dakota, the temporary shut-in of the Llano 3 well in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, a fire at the Valhall Field in Norway and civil unrest in Libya. We continue to make progress in restoring these lost production volumes.  In 2012, we forecast crude oil and natural gas production to average between 370,000 and 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This projection includes the sale of Snohvit, but excludes the impact of any other potential asset sales and any production that may result from the restoration of our operations in Libya.  Our sustainable long-term growth target for production and reserves remains 3% to 5% per year. However, if 2012 were used as a base, which includes some residual effects from the production issues we experienced in 2011, we would project growth through 2017 to be in the range of 4% to 7% per year.  Last year, we continued to grow our portfolio of unconventional resources. In the Bakken oil shale play in North Dakota, we generated strong growth throughout the second half of the year and exited 2011 at a peak net rate of approximately 50,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We maintain our 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day forecast for the Bakken in 2012. We also plan to continue the appraisal of our acreage in the Eagle Ford Shale in Texas and the Utica Shale in Ohio.  Regarding developments, in the third quarter of 2011, we sanctioned the Tubular Bells project in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico. Hess has a 57% interest in the field and is the operator. In 2012, we will work with our partner, Chevron, to advance the project, and we anticipate first production in 2014.  In terms of exploration, the Andalan #1 well on the Semai V Block in Indonesia encountered reservoir sands and hydrocarbons, but not in commercial quantities. This well, along with a follow-up well, was expensed in the fourth quarter.  With regard to Marketing and Refining, our full year 2011 financial results were lower than 2010. Last week, HOVENSA, in which Hess has a 50% interest, announced it will close the joint venture refinery in St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands. The refinery has commenced shutdown and will become an oil storage terminal. Overall losses at the HOVENSA refinery have totaled $1.3 billion in the past 3 years and were projected to continue. These losses have been caused primarily by the global economic slowdown and the addition of new refining capacity in emerging markets. In addition, the low price of natural gas in the United States put HOVENSA, an oil field refinery, at a competitive disadvantage. HOVENSA examined every strategic option to maximize value, but ultimately severe financial losses left no other choice but to close.  In Retail Marketing, while 2011 convenience store sales and average gasoline volumes per station were both down 2%, reflecting the weak economic environment, year-over-year earnings were higher. Also, our Energy Marketing business delivered strong operating results, but earnings were lower than last year.  Our financial position remains strong. Our debt to capitalization ratio at year end was 25%, essentially unchanged from year-end 2010. 2011 was a difficult year, operationally, but important strategically.  With the closure of the HOVENSA refinery, we have completed our transition to being predominantly an exploration and production company. Also, with the addition of our newly acquired acreage position in the Utica Shale, the company now has the critical mass for shale resources to make a significant contribution to our future production and reserve growth with lower risk than has been the case historically. Our principal focus in 2012 will be to execute our investment opportunities to sustain profitable growth and create value for our shareholders.  I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill.
Gregory P. Hill: Thank you, John. My remarks will be primarily focused on our key investment priorities for 2012. With regard to unconventionals, we've built a very strong position in the Bakken oil shale play in North Dakota and enjoy significant competitive advantages in terms of scale, infrastructure and export capacity.  In 2012, we plan to invest about $1.9 billion and operate 16 rigs with 5 dedicated hydraulic fracturing crews. We will continue be in the HBP mode of drilling this year, with most of the wells planned to be single laterals on 1280-acre spacing. This program will enable us to get the vast majority of our core acreage held by production by year-end 2012.  We will also continue to invest in infrastructure projects, including the Tioga Gas Plant expansion and our crude oil rail loading and storage facility, which will become operational in February. Net production from the Bakken in 2012 is forecast to average 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day or double the 2011 average of 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We expect net Bakken production to further increase to 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2015.  In the Eagle Ford Shale, we plan to continue to delineate our acreage position, operating a 3-rig program and drilling approximately 25 to 30 wells in 2012. Regarding the Utica Shale, our appraisal drilling program will be designed to delineate the oil-, liquids- and gas-rich areas on both our 100%-owned acreage and that owned by our 50-50 joint venture with CONSOL Energy.  On our 100%-owned acreage, we plan to acquire 200 square miles of seismic and drill approximately 7 wells. The joint venture will also acquire approximately 200 square miles of seismic and plans to drill 22 wells. We will also continue to pursue and delineate unconventional opportunities globally.  Now in addition to appraising and developing our unconventional portfolio, we will continue to invest in our conventional opportunities. Regarding the Valhall Field in Norway, in which Hess has a 64% interest, a multiyear field redevelopment project is scheduled to be completed in the third quarter. This project extends the field life by 40 years and provides a platform for future growth in reserves and production. In addition to investments and facilities, BP also plans to operate 2 drilling rigs in 2012.  In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we are progressing in the development of the Tubular Bells Field, in which Hess has a 57% working interest and is the operator. Facilities construction is underway, and drilling is planned to commence in mid-2012. First production is planned in 2014, with a peak annual net rate of about 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.  In Australia, we will complete appraisal of Block WA-390-P by mid-2012 and aim to select the final liquefaction facility for the project during the year. Hess has a 100% interest and is the operator.  Regarding explorations, results in recent years have not met expectations. In response, we are decreasing the level of spend in 2012, reducing risk through strategic partnering, focusing on fewer geographic areas and strengthening our organizational capability. Exploration remains an important growth engine for the corporation however, but we are committed to improving its performance. In Ghana, we plan to commence further exploration drilling in the first quarter of 2012, following up on the previously announced Paradise discovery on the Hess-operated Deepwater Tano Cape Three Point south block. Our 2012 drilling program will target several other geologic structures and play types on the block.  In Brunei, we plan to continue drilling in 2012 on Block CA-1, in which Hess has a 13.5% interest. Although the first well, Julong Center, failed to find commercial hydrocarbons and was expensed, we remain optimistic about the overall potential of the block. In Kurdistan, we plan to commence seismic acquisition on the Dinarta and Shakrok blocks in mid-2012, and progress drilling plans for 2013. Hess has an 80% interest and is operator of these blocks.  In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we're advancing a number of Miocene prospects to drill-ready status and plan to provide additional details regarding this program later in the year.  In closing, while we experienced a tough year operationally in 2011, we remain enthused about our portfolio of investment opportunities, and I want to reinforce what John said in his opening remarks. Our principal focus in 2012 will be to execute: First, deliver on our production and reserve growth targets; second, manage our operating costs and capital expenditures; and third, improve exploration results.  Thank you. I will now hand the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare fourth quarter 2011 results to the third quarter.  The corporation generated a consolidated net loss of $131 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared with net income of $298 million in the third quarter. Excluding items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, the corporation had earnings of $394 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 and $379 million in the third quarter of 2011.  Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production had income of $527 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared with $422 million in the third quarter. Third quarter results included net after-tax charges of $81 million from items affecting comparability of earnings between periods. Excluding these items, the changes in the after-tax components of the earnings are as follows: Higher sales volumes increased earnings by $155 million. Higher selling prices increased earnings by $39 million. Higher exploration expenses decreased earnings by $142 million. Higher DD&A decreased earnings by $40 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $12 million for an overall increase in fourth quarter adjusted earnings of $24 million.  Our E&P operations were over lifted in the fourth quarter compared with production, resulting in increased after-tax income of approximately $40 million. The E&P effective income tax rate was 38% for the fourth quarter and the full year of 2011.  Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining incurred a loss of $561 million in the fourth quarter of 2011, compared with a loss of $23 million in the third quarter. Fourth quarter results include an after-tax charge of $525 million related to the announced shutdown of Aventis refinery in St. Croix. This charge includes estimates of the corporation's share of future funding commitments for preserving assets, severance and other costs related to the shutdown, of which approximately $400 million is expected to be funded in 2012. Excluding the refinery shutdown charge, the corporation's share of Aventis' results of operations was a loss of $65 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared with a loss of $36 million in the third quarter. Port Reading had a loss of $6 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 and broke even in the third quarter.  Marketing earnings were $48 million in the fourth quarter of 2011, an increase from $41 million in the third quarter, principally reflecting higher earnings in Energy Marketing. Trading activities generated a loss of $11 million in the fourth quarter of 2011, compared with a loss of $26 million in the third quarter.  Turning to Corporate and Interest. Net corporate expenses were $40 million in the fourth quarter of 2011 compared with $44 million in the third quarter. After-tax interest expense was $57 million in the fourth quarter and third quarter of 2011.  Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter, including a decrease of $275 million from changes in working capital, was $1.138 billion. Capital expenditures were $2.115 billion. Borrowings were $458 million. All other items amounted to an increase in cash of $43 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $476 million.  We had $351 million of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2011, and $1.608 billion at December 31, 2010. Total debt was $6.57 billion at December 31, 2011, and $5.583 billion at December 31, 2010.  At year-end 2011, we had more than $3.8 billion available on our revolving credit facility. The corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at December 31, 2011, was 24.6% compared with 24.9% at the end of 2010.  Turning to 2012 guidance. Net corporate expenses in 2012 are estimated to be in the range of $160 million to $170 million. We expect our 2012 after-tax interest expense to be in the range of $245 million to $255 million. For full year 2012 unit costs, our E&P cash operating costs are expected to be in the range of $20 to $21 per barrel of oil equivalent produced.  Depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses are expected to be in the range of $20.50 to $21.50 per barrel for a total production unit cost of $40.50 to $42.50 per barrel. We currently expect our E&P effective tax rate to be in the range of 36% to 40% for the full year of 2012. Both the unit cost and tax rate guidance exclude the impact of any Libyan operations.  This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm going to try 3 quick ones, if I may. On the production guidance, John, can you quantify the impact of the Valhall downtime? And, conversely, Bakken looks pretty strong if 60,000 is the average for the year. Can you give us an [indiscernible] on the '11 and what your anticipated exit rate will be or should be in 2012? And then I have a couple of quick follow-ups, please.
John B. Hess: You broke in and out a little bit. Just want to get the clarity on the 3 questions, please. Just repeat them real quick.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Can you hear me better now? No, I only asked one, John. I'm going to do the 2 afterwards. So the first one was, can you quantify the Valhall downtime, given the maintenance, the tie-in you're planning in the third quarter? And the Bakken looks very strong at 60 as an average, so can you give us an idea what the exit rate was in 2011, and what your expectations are for the exit rate in 2012? And then as I say, I've got a couple of quick follow-ups.
John P. Rielly: Doug, on Valhall, we have a 30-day shutdown. So it will be approximately a month that it'll be in the third quarter. So from a production standpoint, Valhall's productive capacity is above 30,000 barrels a day, so it will be shut down during that period in the third quarter. We're not exactly sure what the timing will be, so you'll see the impact in the third quarter of about a month's shutdown.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And the Bakken exit rates?
John P. Rielly: I'm going to turn that over to Greg.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug, let me kind of provide a little context on the Bakken, first, that John briefly mentioned in his opening remarks. So, first of all, production from the Bakken's fully recovered, and we're firmly on the growth ramp with production averaging about 38,000 barrels a day in the fourth quarter, which is an improvement of about 6 quarter-on-quarter. And, as John mentioned, we achieved a new high peak rate of just over 50,000 barrels a day in mid-December. Now, as you all know, because of the timing of new completions where you get fresh production followed by steep declines, daily production will fluctuate. However, these increasingly higher peaks, continued quarter-on-quarter improvement and continued reduction of the completion backlog through the addition of our fifth frac crew in Q4 give us pretty high confidence in our ability to achieve that 60,000-barrel a day average rate in 2012. Doug, as you know, we don't really quote exit rates for -- prospectively, but the one thing I will say is, we're in good shape at the year-end 2011 to continue to build that ramp in 2012.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. My second one is actually fairly quick. Greg, can you comment on the result of the Marquette well that had been drilled in the Utica? I believe you were going to try and complete that in Q4. Any results you can share?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug, I can. So, again, just a little bit of context on the Utica for others on the call. We're up to about 198,000 acres now in the Utica Shale. So we're very pleased with our early entry into that position and feel like it's a strategic acreage position, an emerging unconventional play. Remind everybody most of the land's either owned in fee or held by production, with the balance being under long-term leases. And, finally, the acreage has very high net revenue interest. So, again, a very nice position in an emerging play. Regarding the well, we recently completed that well in December that was drilled by Marquette prior to the acquisition. The well was drilled in a dry gas location, we knew that. But it was ready to complete, so we went ahead and completed it. And while we're still testing the well, we can report that the initial rate from the well was 11 million cubic feet per day on a 24/64 choke. So that's a very good result. We're very pleased with that result. It's very encouraging, but, obviously, there's a lot more appraisal drilling necessary to delineate our acreage position and, in particular, figure out where the oil condensate and dry gas windows are.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: So, Greg, that's a 24-hour rate?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that's initial rate, Doug.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Okay. Great. My last question and then I'll jump off is really on the risk in terms of -- it's really quite comforting to hear your comments about change in risk. So this one's really for John. John, what's behind the change of view on hedges? And if you could also talk about what your future thoughts are on taking working interest levels in exploration wells. Are we now moving away from 100% working interest on big wells? And I will leave it there.
John P. Rielly: Sure, Doug. I'll first talk about the hedges. I mean, hedges were put on in order to protect our 2012 cash flows, I mean, as you know, during this period of higher capital investment for our unconventional business. So, again, it's just to deal with the capital spend for the unconventional business. It's a volatile, cyclical business, and we wanted to protect our cash flows during this period. And then I'll turn it over to Greg to talk about exploration.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug, as I said in my opening remarks, one of the changes we are making to our exploration program is that we are going to take on more strategic partners. So that's code for get our working interest down. We're actively working a number of partner discussions in Ghana and the Gulf of Mexico, so that's all part of our strategy.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Maybe I'll start on the downstream. Given the recent HOVENSA announcement, I understand that you intend to take Port Reading down FCCU for maintenance in early February. I mean, should we expect to restart there in 4 weeks or is there maybe a broader strategic review related to the viability of the asset versus required CapEx, and particularly following HOVENSA closure and then the very minimal CapEx allocation in the downstream into 2012?
John B. Hess: Right. Well, Port Reading represents a much smaller part of our portfolio than HOVENSA does, and we plan to operate the facility as long as it generates acceptable financial returns. In regards to its current operating problems, they've had some catalyst losses and are evaluating different options, which probably include a short-term shutdown to restore normal operations. So those plans are being formalized. The time that it will be out might be about 3 weeks. But that has not been finalized yet if that's the option that's going to be pursued, but it's looking that way as of right now. But the bigger picture thing about the strategy is that, obviously, with the move in HOVENSA, we've become and we've completed our transition to predominantly an E&P company. And Port Reading itself, a smaller part of the portfolio, and we'll run it as long as it generates acceptable returns. I think another point, just to provide clarity, is that our Marketing businesses, both Energy Marketing as well as Retail Marketing, are a long-term strategic part of our portfolio. They generate strong financial returns and offer selective growth opportunities. So in terms of the sizing and shape and focus of our portfolio going forward, marketing will still be a key component of it.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, appreciate that. Another question on the upstream and relating to the Eagle Ford. I know you updated us on the pace of activity in 2012, but, I mean, how do you -- given some portfolio rationalization or some de-risking, I mean, how do you view this asset within your portfolio over the longer term? Is it a position you feel has sufficient, relative scale or is it a potential divestment or growth opportunity? How are you thinking about the Eagle Ford here?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we're really not in a position to answer that question yet because we're still in delineation mode. So our current focus remains on continuing to delineate our acreage, particularly the Northeast as we move into 2012. And we're pleased with the results to date. We've got 109,000 net acres in the Eagle Ford. We've drilled 29 wells. We've got 22 completed and on production now, 18 with 30-day IP rates, and those are ranging between 350 and 650, with an average of about 500. So, so far, so good on the Eagle Ford.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Good. If I could just slip in a last -- just a question to give us a quick update on the Bakken rail transloading facilities, and if we started railing barrels out of the Bakken yet.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So the facility will be fully operational at the end of February. We've got 9 train sets on location, which will give us an initial capacity to ship of 54,000 barrels a day. Now just to kind of test the rail and all that kind of stuff, we did sell 5 train loads of Bakken crude and achieved some premium Gulf Coast sweet crude pricing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: John, interesting that you decided to hedge this quite significant proportion of your production at $107.70, I believe you said, for 2012. When we look at your CapEx for the year upcoming and the cash flow that you made in 2011, there still seems to be a significant disconnect; that is to say, at an average of about a $110 Brent in 2011, your cash flows came in at about $5 billion, around $5 billion, depending on what we include and don't include. You've got more like a 6, well above $6 billion spend for 2012. The fact that you're hedging suggests that you like $107 as an oil price, you consider it to be an attractive price to sell at. Can you just square the circle in terms of how we get to living within your means, I think was always the line for the spend in 2012, and what we should assume that you're planning the company at from an oil price point of view and any other observations you have.
John B. Hess: No, it's a very fair question. Obviously, during this period where we are having these high investments made driven predominantly by the attractive opportunities we see in the unconventional space, led by the Bakken, and also in light of the uncertain global economic environment we're in, it's not so much that we're making an oil price call per se. But we thought it prudent to hedge some of our production for 2012, and mind you, it's just for 2012 that we're talking about, to protect our cash flows. And between our internally generated cash and the asset sales that we have contemplated, most of that gap should be covered. We feel very comfortable with our liquidity. Obviously, in the capital-intensive business we're in and the commodity business we're in, it's important to have a robust, strong balance sheet and financial flexibility. We will do what we have to do to ensure that. And between the asset sales that are contemplated that we will update you on as the year proceeds and the internal cash flow protected by our hedges, we feel pretty good about our liquidity situation, the ability to fund the majority of that gap.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. So the majority, essentially, will be an asset sale process, if I'm not wrong?
John B. Hess: Yes, with -- there are more asset sales contemplated, and as we progress those, we'll give you updates as appropriate.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Great. And then if we move on to the volume guidance, if I'm not wrong, it's a range of 0% to 5%, year-over-year. Would we expect you to get back to a 3% to 5% from the base in 2012 longer term now, given that there was a significant step-down in 2011, but we've still retained, if you like, around a 0% to 5% growth, as I say, for 2012?
John B. Hess: Yes, the first point there is that Libya, as you know, and just to be clear, is not in the numbers, and Libya is currently producing. We want a little more political stability to be shown in terms of conditions on the ground before we would feel comfortable putting that in the numbers. So that is one component that's out of the numbers that makes the numbers lower, but we think it's prudent to treat it that way right now.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And the longer term will remain at 3% to 5%...
John B. Hess: Yes, our long-term rate is 3% to 5%, but we wanted to make it clear for people that given that we had the setbacks last year, that 3% to 5% is not on the lower base. If you talk about the lower base using 2012 and you look over the next 5 years, the production and reserve growth rates that we're looking at, underpinned by our investment in unconventionals, as well as the conventional opportunities that we have, is really more in the range of 4% to 7%. But to be very clear, our long-term rate, once we restore ourselves to the production trajectory that we have envisioned, is the 3% to 5%. So that's the reason we try to make it more clear for people, not confuse people. If you look at 2012 as basis, 4% to 7% over the next 5 years. If you look at that longer-term rate, once we restore the production volumes lost, the normalized rate is really the 3% to 5% production reserve growth target.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: That is clarifying. And then very finally for me, the status of the U.S. E&P would potentially be advantageous to you from a tax and accounting point of view. Does the retention of retail prevent that? Can you just clarify exactly what your status would be because I think you said quite clearly that you want to retain the retail as part of Hess' overall operations.
John B. Hess: That is correct. Yes, no, we're intending to keep Retail Marketing and Energy Marketing as a long-term strategic position in our company.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just at least one longer-term question here. Given the comments you made on exploration and the changing emphasis there, is there a corresponding change in emphasis in how you think about acquisitions? You've done a number of, let's just say, joint ventures or kind of acreage-type deals, but they're kind of more classic acquisitions. I think, really since Triton, which I think is now 11 or 12 years ago, you've not participated in a meaningful way in the acquisition market. How do we think about that being a part of Hess' strategy going forward?
John B. Hess: Arjun, obviously, you're always looking at outside opportunities to see if they upgrade your portfolio. At the same time, with the capital commitments we have, both in unconventional and conventional investments for 2012, our focus is going to be on executing those investments to deliver the profitable growth that we are aspiring to.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And I think, John, it's probably fair to say that relative to the lower 2012 number, the 4% to 7% growth is all from stuff you have in hand, whether it's Pony, Tubular Bells, Bakken and so forth. I guess, the question then becomes, does the Eagle Ford work? Does the Utica work? And, then, do you have enough of an inventory beyond that? That, I presume, is then how you think about the toggle of acquisitions needing to play a greater role?
John B. Hess: Yes...
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The point being you've got the next 4 or 5 years kind of lined up. But, then you do need some of these other things to work out if you're going to perpetuate this longer term, x exploration.
John B. Hess: Fair enough. The Utica, really, God willing, it works out and, as Greg pointed out, we're encouraged by the first well, but we've got upwards of 25 to 30 wells to go in 2012 to give us a better feel for the opportunity that we have here, and we need to appraise it. But if you look at our growth rate, the majority of that growth rate has been secured already because of our work in the Bakken, what we think we're going to get out of the Valhall, Tubular Bells. You've listed the different options there. So it's not wishful thinking in terms of how are we going to secure that growth rate. We really think we've secured those investment opportunities already, and the key now is to execute and deliver performance from them. Obviously, if we're lucky enough to get some upside on that, all the better. Exploration delivering better performance in the longer term, all the better. But acquisitions are not part of that production growth. It's really from the internally generated opportunities we already have in our portfolio.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's terrific, and sorry for another hedging question, but should we expect you to hedge some decent portion of your production on a rolling-forward basis when we get to the end of this year? It -- obviously it depends on price to some degree, but is this part of your ongoing strategy now?
John B. Hess: It is something we will always consider as a way of reducing the risk and securing our cash flows. This was more a 2012 decision, in terms of we think it prudent, given the uncertain economic environment that we're in and also the high capital spend, for us to take some insurance out. At the same time, it's not indicative of what we're necessarily going to do in 2013 or future years.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then just a last one, just on the Bakken. I believe you're sticking with plus or minus the 16 rigs for this year, and I understand it's more about holding the acreage, so you're not doing the dual laterals or be in a manufacturing mode. Can you just remind me when you get through that and then where you think that rig count can grow once you get to kind of let's call it manufacturing mode for your core areas of the Bakken?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Arjun, I think, I mean for this year, again, as you mentioned, we're in HBP mode with 16 rigs. We'll get through all that during 2012. 2012 was really let's get all of our core acreage held, particularly the stuff that we picked up in acquisitions from Tracker and American Oil & Gas. After that, we'll be back into pad drilling and our long-term development strategy. Right now, we'll say we'll do that with 16 rigs, but that's subject to change. I mean, it could be more. Also, it depends on infill. There's a number of factors that could drive that rig count higher.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I'm sorry to interrupt. To hit your long-term Bakken targets, we presume you'll have to drill -- you'll have to use additional rigs, unless there's something in there that the IPs are coming in better, the EURs are coming in better. We assume you'll need more rigs to get to your longer-term targets. Is that fair?
Gregory P. Hill: No, no, no, you shouldn't. Basically, the 120,000 barrels a day is premised on a 16, a continuous 16-rig program through 2015.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: In Bakken, in the past, you've given some well data. Now that you have -- you should have more well datas under the 38-stage frac, can you give us some data, what's the 30-day IP on those? And if you have any better indication that what is the recoverable rate that you are going to be and also the costs right now?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure. So let me kind of hit all 3 of those, Paul. So, first of all, on the well rates, we've got 113, 34-plus stage systems installed in the Bakken with 76 on production now. And those wells have 30-day IPs that are continuing to average 1,000 barrels a day. So we're very pleased by those results. And as we continue to improve our subsurface understanding, of course, we'll optimize those frac stages and designs to maximize profitability. So areas with very good rock, we may reduce the number of frac stages from 38 to something smaller as a way to maximize profitability. Well costs while we're in HBP mode, still about $10 million per well. One thing that I think people sometimes don't remember is that first well that you're drilling in this HBP mode carries a lot of the costs because we build the pad for 6 to 8 wells, we bring all the infrastructure up to the well pad, getting ready for that pad drilling. So $10 million is still a pretty good HBP well cost. Regarding EURs, we're still sticking with the 550 for now. We're just waiting to get enough statistical data to have confidence to increase those EURs.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And, Greg, do you have a cash operating cost on those well that has been running for more than 30 days, on a BOE basis?
John P. Rielly: Sorry, Paul, we don't give that kind of detailed data on the individual assets. But you can see that our cash operating costs have been relatively flat, actually dropped a little bit in the fourth quarter, and guidance for next year is relatively flat on an overall basis for the portfolio on a cash basis. And that's with high commodity prices, so we are affected by higher production taxes, so...
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. This is also for Greg. Greg, you have said that you want to lower your future risk on the exploration front, so 2 questions on that. One, you still budget for $800 million for this year, and you probably do, say, based on your estimate, midpoint, 380,000 barrels per day, for the year you're going to do about roughly 140 million barrel. And so that means that you're spending about $6 per BOE of your production, give or take. Do you think that given your focus on the unconventional oil sites, that seems to be still a bit too high? Secondly, that -- on that base in the Indonesian deepwater, are you going to -- still going to drill the next well if you cannot find a partner?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, let me speak to the Indonesian well first. So this was the Semai V well. Recall that, that block has a 3-well commitment. We've drilled 2 wells. The first well was the deep well, the Semai V well, whereas John mentioned in his opening remarks, we did find a significant amount of sand, and we did find hydrocarbons. It just wasn't in it -- saturations just weren't commercial. So, actually, from a geologic modeling and for this giant basin in the Banda Arc, we're actually pleased with understanding that well. Second well was a shallower well that we drilled, a commitment well. Third well, we have to discuss with the government just to basically understand all the data.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So you're still going to drill the third well?
Gregory P. Hill: We'll know subject to discussions with government.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. Now two final question. One, for John Rielly. John, the U.S. cash tax, what is the percent of the IPD that you can weigh off or that you can use, and are you paying any U.S. cash tax? And what may that look like in the 2012? And then the last question is that, Greg, can you give us an idea that where's the process of the Ghana Fandan [ph]? I mean, you closed the data room on the 15. By now you're still under evaluation. Is it because you have too many bid or that you don't have enough bid? I mean, just give us some idea that -- what that process, why that it may take a bit longer before you come to a conclusion on that.
John P. Rielly: Okay, Paul. So I'll start with your question on the IDC in the U.S. So as an integrated oil company, we can write off or expense 70% of our intangible drilling cost in the year that it's incurred. So from that standpoint, as Greg has mentioned, and Greg and John talked about our unconventional budget, we have significant drilling going on, obviously, in the Bakken, Utica and Eagle Ford. So of the well costs that relate to IDC, we can take 70% of those costs. The remaining 30%, then, is amortized over 5 years. So it does provide us significant deductions in the U.S., and that will continue in 2012.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: John, can you give us an -- what estimate, how much is that? Is that -- or of the drilling cost, how much is the IDC?
John P. Rielly: Of a well -- it differs per well, so it can be anywhere from 65% to even up to 90% of a well cost, but somewhere in that range from an overall standpoint.
Gregory P. Hill: Okay, Paul, in regard to the Ghana well, we have a number of interested parties in the well. We're evaluating all the offers and are in discussions with multiple parties.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Any rough timeline when that you may come to a conclusion?
John B. Hess: Well, I mean, we're going to start drilling late first quarter, or early second quarter, so we'd like to have our partners before we start drilling the well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with The Bench Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: I had a couple of things. So, Greg, could you give us a little bit of color on the CA-1 well? I think it was considered to be, really, more of an appraisal than necessarily a wildcat in terms of what you learned from it?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, the first well that we drilled where it was called the Julong Center well, and that was chosen by the operator to test the aerial extent of a very large structure akin to Kikeh and Gumusut. So although the well failed to encounter commercial quantities of hydrocarbons, we remain encouraged by the potential on the block. Obviously, there's some direct offsetting structures that come down from Kikeh and Gumusut. This is designed to test something else that was a look-alike, basically. So the current plan is to drill 5 additional wells on that block, and, in fact, the drilling rig is en route to begin drilling the next well, which is called Julong East.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. If I could go to the Bakken for just a sec. Greg, I think I saw something that suggests you've relinquished a pretty good slug of what had been your pre-existing position, and you're down to something in the neighborhood of 650,000 net. So could you confirm if that's accurate, and any thoughts you might have as to what the ultimate spacing's going to be in terms of what you're going to do when you get to a pad drilling kind of environment.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So, no, our acreage position is still around just under 900,000 net acres. Now we've always said that we believe about 2/3 of that's core. And as we continue to focus on our core acreage, we'll divest or we'll let leases expire that we don't consider optimal to our development, but we're still close to 900,000 acres today.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: And the spacing question?
Gregory P. Hill: We've got a number of spacing pilots underway, too early to draw any conclusions. As I've said before, Mark, my gut is, is that you're going to go to a tighter spacing on the Bakken, ultimately.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. John Rielly, curious as to what you need to do, from an accounting standpoint, in terms of lease amortization with respect to the Utica acreage that you acquired. Is there a clock that starts running that says so much of that has to be amortized over the term of the lease?
John P. Rielly: Basically, what happens is, as we drill, we will allocate acquisition cost as part -- from that acreage to the wells, and it will flow through our DD&A as the wells are drilled. So there will be a higher DD&A on those wells. And that's the same for the JV and our 100%-owned acreage.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, but you don't have to separately amortize the acquisition cost?
John P. Rielly: No, we don't have to separately amortize it. Let me just, I guess, just talk about DD&A, in general, for the portfolio. So, I mean, I just want to point out that the majority of our production is liquids, right? So, I mean, in general, our unit cost, because our production is focused on the liquids side, is going to be higher because it costs more to produce oil than it does natural gas. But, obviously, in this environment, it generates much higher margins. So from an overall standpoint, just while you're on that point, from the acquisitions that we have related to the Utica, as well as in the Bakken, our DD&A costs are moving higher from 2011 and into 2012, primarily due to those significant upfront investments in the unconventionals. So besides the acquisition costs, it includes large infrastructure investments, and so we believe these will create value, shareholder value, for many years. And so what happens is the initial DD&A rates, they're high because the reserve bookings lag the investment dollars. The Life-of-Field rate is expected to be much lower. So that's the reason from an overall standpoint on our DD&A costs.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. If I could just probe the asset sales question a little bit. It strikes me that a potential candidate might very well be your mature U.K. North Sea assets. Am I on the right track in that regard?
John B. Hess: We're not going to comment on speculated or prospective sales, Mark, for obvious reasons. But as we make progress on some of these asset sales, we'll inform investors appropriately.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And, Greg, my final one. Just to clarify your comments about Julong and Brunei, the well that you drilled was not testing the offsets to Kikeh, but rather, a look-alike prospect?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, that's true. So it was not testing the offsets, it was actually testing another structure that had a similar look as Kikeh and Gumusut. Very long structure, the well was drilled all the way out on the very far aerial extent of the structure. It had hydrocarbons in it, but just not in commercial quantities.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. I'm going to sneak in just one final one. Any interest that you've observed in terms of the intent to farm out an interest in BMS 22? But I think the partners have agreed to take a look at that for the purpose, potentially, of drilling another well or 2?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, so the data room was open. That farm out process is closed now, and the partners are due to meet in February to discuss options and to plan forward. Beyond that, you'll have to refer to Exxon, Mark.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez with Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: I wanted -- I was hoping maybe you could elaborate a little bit on Libya. If I heard you correctly, it sounds like you're not currently producing from there, which, I guess, I'm a little confused. I thought that field was back online, at least to a certain extent. And on that front, if you could also just kind of give us some clarity on getting back to peak production. I mean, is there capital investment required, and if so, is there any kind of discussion on -- of renegotiation of fiscal terms?
John B. Hess: Fair enough question. No, Libya is producing, and I think the gross rate of Waha, or Oasis in English, the name of our concession, is about 200,000 barrels a day. So we have about 8% of that, and I think the number's about 13 or so. But in terms of forecasting the volumes in our production forecast, we don't feel comfortable putting that in, yet. So it is producing, and in terms of terms of reentry, we're talking to our partners and the Libyan National Oil company about that. Everything is encouraging, but there is still a long way to go to iron out a lot of the details. As you can well understand, they're recovering from a civil war. So it's going to take some time to provide more clarity that you're looking for. We're looking for the same clarity that you are.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated, Research Division: Great. That's helpful. And then the only other one I have for you, CapEx, I know you've given us '12 guidance here. But in order to achieve this 4% to 7% growth through 2017, can you give us just a general feel of what kind of number we should be looking at, post 2012? I mean, is that like a -- roughly a $6 billion type of number?
John B. Hess: Again, we'll give you the update on 2013 as we get closer to '13.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, just 2 questions. The 4% to 7% volume growth, have you put anything in there for Libya, for Australia LNG?
John P. Rielly: Yes, we do. I mean, over the longer term, we are projecting in that forecast that we will get the Libyan volumes back on. So, again, that's what, as John was talking about before, just trying to take those temporary setbacks out of that. As far as of Australian LNG at this point, no, we have that further out, so that's not in that number.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. Good. And then just coming back to Bakken well costs, obviously, $10 million today, but -- in HBP drilling. What sort of scale of cost reduction do you think you can achieve from a change as you move to pad drilling and maybe sliding sleeve? And then the other question is, what are you seeing in terms of pricing, particularly on the pressure pumping side, given gas markets are weak? Any improvements?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So let me address the pressure pumping question first. So just for clarity, all of our rigs are full-time pressure pumping services. So that's 5 frac spreads are locked in under longer-term contracts. So we don't anticipate significant cost increases in 2012, other than those things that fluctuate with commodity prices because that's the way the contracts are written. So fuel and chemicals and things like that are allowed to float and are negotiated, obviously, with commodity prices. So that's kind of what we see there.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: And on the ability to reduce costs as you shift out of HBPs?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, well costs, again, I think these HBP wells, they're heavy loaded because you do build a big pad and you build the road to the facility, and you build the piping up to the edge of the pad. As we get into lean manufacturing and pad drilling, I can expect we can bring that well cost much closer to 9, and also with sliding sleeves as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: On the Utica, do you guys expect any permitting difficulties as you expand your footprint in the play?
Gregory P. Hill: No. We're engaging with all the authorities, as we speak, along with our partner, CONSOL. And, so far, we haven't encountered any permitting difficulties whatsoever.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay, good. And then on a similar question, different geography, anything new that you're hearing happening in the Paris Basin, on the regulatory front, in particular?
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think, as we've said before, we're in the midst of a presidential election, so we don't anticipate any major breakthroughs until after that presidential election. But our plans for the Paris Basin this year are to commence drilling conventional wells later in 2012. These wells are going to be nonfractured, vertical wells designed to obtain maximum subsurface data. Now how do we feel about the Paris basin? While we believe it'll take time to work through the issues, we're confident, of course, that drilling and completion operations can be done safely and responsibly. So we remain very actively engaged with local and national stakeholders to progress the appraisal of those licenses.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just last quick one. Having appraised your initial discovery in Ghana, any sense of the pre-drill resource estimate for the follow-on well?
Gregory P. Hill: No, there's not. I mean, at -- so Paradise itself, it's going to require another appraisal well to figure out how big that is. What we do know is, we've got good sand, and we've got oil, and we've got gas condensate in that reservoir.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Given your desire to de-risk your exploration program, how should we expect or how should we look at your exploration expense or exploration capital trending over the next couple of years?
John B. Hess: Yes, it's similar to the capital expenditure point for 2013. We'll give you an estimate on that as we get closer to 2013. But Greg's comments were the key ones, which is we need to improve the performance of exploration and, as a consequence, we're downsizing the dollars and, also, bringing in strategic partners, bringing more focus and also strengthening our organization capability, all in the interest of improving the performance of that. But be clear, exploration is a long-term strategic part of Hess.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And you talked about needing to hedge out your production for this year to protect your operating cash flow for your CapEx program, and you talked about kind of this peak level of CapEx that you have for this year and I don't know for how long. But, I mean, how long do you expect this sort of peak capital intensity to continue in your unconventional program?
John B. Hess: Same answer that I gave before. We're just focusing on '12. We're not make any forecast for '13 or '14.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And then the $36 F&D cost that you guys reported last year. Do you think that number is the right number going forward, or is that going to trend down over time?
John P. Rielly: In 2011, our FD&A costs, I mean, again, it increased primarily as a result of the shift towards unconventionals, which, as I mentioned earlier, require significant upfront investment in the acreage, infrastructure and drilling. And so if we're going to talk about just 1 year to your question, I just want to give you some additional context. So included in the 2011 FD&A cost was $1 billion of acreage acquisition costs in the Utica and Kurdistan, which added no reserves last year, as you would expect. But, over time, obviously, as we drill it up, we'll be able to book those reserves. In addition to that, we had PFC effects, which resulted in negative price revisions of 25 million barrels. So if you're just looking in 1 year, if you were to exclude these items, our F&D costs would have been approximately $28 per barrel. And then as John Hess had mentioned earlier, I mean, that's why we look at this more from a long-term standpoint, our 5-year average replacement ratio was 153% at an FD&A cost of $23 per barrel.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Do the infrastructure costs in the Bakken, the processing plant and the real [indiscernible], do those go into that F&D calculation?
John P. Rielly: Yes, they do.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. And how much was that number last year?
John P. Rielly: We've been running approximately $400 million in the Bakken for infrastructure-related costs.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Does it ever make sense to kind of offload those sort of costs to like infrastructure players?
John P. Rielly: Again, we are managing our growth right now and, with the amount of growth and the upside that we see in the Bakken, we like having those facilities in our portfolio.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Okay. I was just thinking from a cost of capital perspective. Obviously, guys who have pipelines and infrastructure have a much lower cost of capital than upstream companies do.
John B. Hess: Fair question, but you have to also understand the scale of our infrastructure gives us a competitive advantage in terms of the development of the Bakken itself, so it's actually a strategic advantage to create value for shareholders that we actually hold on to the infrastructure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Societe Generale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Some quick ones. Regarding proppant, any problems acquiring it for the unconventional plays?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, John, I think we did see some tightness in the Bakken market this year on proppant, where we couldn't get enough white sand, so we had to switch to some medium-strength proppant. I think you're seeing, as the gas rigs fall off and whatnot, we think that's going to ease the tightening.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Regarding your Deepwater program going forward, are you looking at it as a net reserve exposure basis or a net capital exposure? And will you try to balance a Gulf of Mexico versus international pursuits or it's just really prospect dependent or concession dependent?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, John, I would say it's prospect dependent. I mean, we're going to go wherever we think the most profitable opportunities are to add reserves and production.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Last one for me. With Port Reading would it behoove you to run at less than 50,000 barrels a day, so you'd be treated completely as an independent?
John B. Hess: I'm not sure if Port Reading is going to -- when you say independent, I'm not sure quite what you're driving at. You might elaborate on that a little bit.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: From accounting purposes for SEC, if you process less than 50,000 barrels a day, you're an E&P. Remember Louisiana Land, remember Winoco [ph] a decade ago, they were E&Ps with the refining assets. So then you get full IDCs.
John P. Rielly: No, John, in that case, once -- the retail stations also count in that from an integrated standpoint. So, no. As John said, the Energy Marketing business, the retail businesses, and we're continuing operating Port Reading, they're part of our core business. And so it wouldn't matter even if Port Reading was not in the portfolio, we would not be considered independent.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Katherine Minyard with JPMorgan.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of quick questions. Just can I confirm, are the hedges, are they swaps or are they puts?
John B. Hess: They're swaps.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, great. And then in terms of Pony, are we still looking at potential sanctioning in this year?
Gregory P. Hill: What I will say is, about Pony, is we're still in discussions with the partners about trying to advance that project. Obviously, with 5 companies, it's difficult to progress things quickly.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, sure. And then just a final question. I believe John Rielly just talked about $400 million a year in Bakken infrastructure spending. Is that also the right run rate for the current year? As we look at the $1.9 billion, is about $400 million of that related to infrastructure, again, in 2012?
John P. Rielly: It's actually a little higher in 2012. So we're saying about $500 million will be infrastructure related, and then you should see a tail-off because the gas plant expansion, it's a heavy year related to the gas plant.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A session for today's call. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. Everyone may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John P. Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President Jay R. Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Gregory P. Hill - Executive Vice President, President of Worldwide Exploration & Production and Director
Analysts: Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the 2011 Third Quarter Hess Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Modesta, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jay R. Wilson: Thank you, Modesta. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments, after which John Rielly will review our financial results. Net income for the third quarter of 2011 was $298 million versus $1.154 billion a year ago. Our third quarter results included charges of $140 million for abandonment liabilities primarily in the U.K. North Sea and $44 million for an increase in the U.K. supplemental petroleum tax rate. These charges were partially offset by $103 million gain from the sale of Hess' interest in the Snorre Field in Norway and the Cook Field in the United Kingdom. Also, last year's third quarter results included a net nonrecurring gain of $725 million. Excluding these adjustments, earnings for the third quarter of 2011 were $379 million versus $429 million a year ago. Exploration and Production reported net income of $422 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 344,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 17% below the year-ago period. Aside from the sale of mature U.K. natural gas assets early in the year, most of the year-over-year production decline was due to several short-term setbacks. We are pleased to say that most of these issues are being resolved and that with the exception of Libya, we are in the process of recovering lost volumes. In Norway, a fire at the outside-operated Valhall Field in July resulted in the field being shut in for more than 2 months, negatively impacting third quarter production by approximately 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Operations resumed September 17, and net production is currently averaging more than 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the Gulf of Mexico, the Llano #3 well was producing at a net rate of approximately 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day prior to being shut in due to mechanical issues in the first quarter of this year. The operator plans to perform a workover and restore production in the first half of 2012. In Libya, approximately 23,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day of net production remains shut in due to civil unrest. We cannot estimate when production will resume until security returns to the country. With regard to the Bakken, net production averaged 32,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the third quarter, up from 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter. Currently, net production from the Bakken is approximately 39,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. As a result of the increased acreage position from last year's acquisitions and positive well results year-to-date, we forecast net production from the Bakken will increase to 60,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2012 and to 120,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2015. In September, we announced the acquisition of 185,000 net acres in the emerging Utica Shale play in Eastern Ohio principally through 2 separate transactions. We entered into an agreement with CONSOL Energy, which closed last week, to acquire a 50% interest in nearly 200,000 acres for aggregate payments of $593 million over 5 years. We also acquired market exploration and other leasehold interest, which added another 85,000 net acres at a cost of approximately $750 million. With these transactions, we have built a strategic acreage position in the Utica Shale, strengthening our portfolio of high quality unconventional assets, leveraging our operating expertise and creating significant potential for future growth in reserves and production. Appraisal activities on this acreage are planned to commence in the fourth quarter.  Yesterday, we also announced that we will proceed with the development of the Hess-operated Tubular Bells Field in Mississippi Canyon area of the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico. The plan calls for 3 subsea production wells and 2 water injection wells tied back to a third-party owned SPAR production facility. Drilling is scheduled to begin in 2012, and initial production is expected in 2014, subject to the receipt of necessary government permits. Annual net production is expected to peak at approximately 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, and net recoverable resources are estimated at more than 65 million barrels of oil equivalent. The net cost of the development is expected to be approximately $1.3 billion. Following government approval of the recent assignment of BP's interest, Hess will hold a 57.14% interest and Chevron will hold the remaining 42.86% interest.  With regard to deepwater exploration, the Stena DrillMAX drillship has been contracted and we currently plan to drill a minimum of 3 exploration wells on our 90%-owned Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points Block in Ghana, commencing in the first quarter of 2012. In Indonesia, we spud the Andalan well on the Semai V Block, July 12. We are currently drilling below 17,000 feet and expect to reach total depth of about 22,000 feet during the fourth quarter. Hess has 100% working interest in the block. In Brunei, the operator of Block CA-1, in which Hess has a 13.5% interest, spud the Julong Center well on September 1. The well is expected to reach total depth in the fourth quarter and additional wells are planned in 2012. Turning to Marketing and Refining, we reported a loss of $23 million for the third quarter of 2011. Our share of the HOVENSA Refinery's losses was $36 million, which was an improvement over the year-ago quarter as a result of stronger gasoline and distillate crack spreads. While the refinery effectively broke even in July and August, a significant drop in gasoline refining margins in September contributed to the third quarter loss. Marketing earnings of $41 million were comparable to last year's third quarter. In retail marketing, gasoline volumes on a per site basis and convenience store sales were both down nearly 2%, reflecting the weak economy. In Energy Marketing, electricity sales volumes were up versus the year-ago quarter, while natural gas and fuel oil sales volumes were relatively flat. Capital and exploratory expenditures in the first 9 months of 2011 were approximately $5.2 billion. For the full year, our capital and exploratory expenditures forecast has been increased to $7.2 billion from $6.2 billion. The acquisitions of acreage in the Utica and an additional 4% interest in the Hess-operated South Arne Field in the Danish sector of the North Sea account for the increase. We are excited to have acquired a strategic position in the emerging Utica Shale play which strengthens our portfolio of unconventional resources. We remain committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet to fund our future investment opportunities and profitably grow our reserves and production. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks, John. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare third quarter 2011 results to the second quarter. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $298 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with $607 million in the second quarter. The third quarter results included net after-tax charges of $81 million from items affecting comparability of earnings between periods. Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production had income of $422 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with $747 million in the second quarter. Third quarter results included several items affecting the comparability of earnings between periods that were described earlier by John Hess. Excluding these items, the changes in the after-tax components of earnings are as follows: Lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $171 million; lower selling prices decreased earnings by $98 million; lower exploration expense increased earnings by $33 million; higher operating costs decreased income by $25 million; all other items net to an increase in earnings of $17 million for an overall decrease in third quarter adjusted earnings of $244 million. Our E&P operations were underlifted in the quarter compared with production, resulting in decreased after-tax income of approximately $30 million. Our E&P total production unit costs were approximately $39.35 per barrel in the third quarter. We estimate our total production unit cost will be approximately $39 per barrel in the fourth quarter.  A charge of $44 million for the additional 12% supplementary tax in the United Kingdom includes a provision of approximately $15 million, representing the incremental tax on earnings from the effective date of March 24, 2011, to the end of the second quarter and a charge of $29 million to increase the United Kingdom deferred tax liabilities on the balance sheet. Excluding the impact of the items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, the E&P effective income tax rate was 27% for the third quarter, primarily reflecting the mix of earnings, and 37% for the first 9 months of 2011. Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining generated a loss of $23 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with a loss of $39 million in the second quarter. Refining losses were $38 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with a loss of $44 million in the second quarter. The corporation's losses from its equity investment in HOVENSA were $36 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with $49 million in the second quarter. Port Reading broke even in the third quarter of 2011, down from earnings of $5 million in the second quarter. Marketing earnings were $41 million in the third quarter of 2011, an increase from $28 million in the second quarter, principally reflecting higher margins in energy marketing. Trading activities generated a loss of $26 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with a loss of $23 million in the second quarter. Turning to corporate and interest. Net Corporate expenses were $44 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with $42 million in the second quarter. After-tax interest expense was $57 million in the third quarter of 2011 compared with $59 million in the second quarter. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter, including a decrease of $11 million from changes in working capital, was $1,022,000,000. Capital expenditures were $2,434,000,000. Proceeds from asset sales were $131 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $86 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $1,367,000,000. We had $827 million of cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2011, and $1,608,000,000 at December 31, 2010. Total debt was $5,592,000,000 at September 30, 2011, and $5,583,000,000 at December 31, 2010. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at September 30, 2011, was 22.8% compared with 24.9% at the end of 2010.  This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Obviously, a disrupted quarter with all of what's been going on, but hopefully it'll bounce back in Q4. But I wanted to touch on the Bakken. Can you give a latest update on where well costs are trading given concerns over cost inflation in that area?
Gregory P. Hill: Let me first just make a couple of remarks about the Bakken. First of all, we're back on track in the Bakken following a tough weather-related start to the year. As John mentioned in his opening remarks, we're currently at about 39,000 barrels a day, up 28% or 7,000 barrels a day on average Q-on-Q. We're adding an additional frac crew in the next couple of weeks and expect to reduce our backlog of wells while waiting completion over the next 9 months. And assuming normal weather through the winter, we feel very confident about achieving not only our production forecast this year, but also our 60,000 barrels a day in 2012. Regarding your question, the cost for a 38-stage frac, a good number to use is $10 million.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And just coming back to the overall capital spend, obviously the Bakken, you're spending a lot there. You've got some wells in Ghana and you've just launched Tubular Bells. You gave the guidance of sort of $6 billion to $7 billion as you get closer to next year. Where should we be thinking about in terms of within that range?
John B. Hess: Yes, we're going to give that update no later than the fourth quarter conference call in January. We're finalizing those numbers now. I think the important thing to recall both for this year and next year is that we're in a long-term business that obviously is commodity-based, volatile and cyclical. Having said that, our strategy remains to grow our reserves and production on a profitable and sustainable basis, and the majority of our funding for that will come from internal cash flow and selected asset sales. In fact, this year, we've had asset sales in the range receiving proceeds of about $490 million.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: So you feel comfortable about your liquidity position?
John B. Hess: Yes, I do.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Just to follow-up on your last response there. You've, I think, said that you'll spend $6 billion to $7 billion next year. I assume that you'll pull in that guidance range. And in the past you said you'll live within your means although you had mentioned the possibility of raising debt. Could you just update us really on whether you expect to meet next year's CapEx requirements more likely through asset sales or through debt? And whether or not I'm on the right number for CapEx?
John B. Hess: Yes, the CapEx again, we will give that guidance in no later than the fourth quarter call in January. The majority of our funding for our program next year will come from internal cash flow and some selected asset sale.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Can you say more about what you might consider reducing it. I mean, obviously, it doesn't feel like it's going to be the Bakken. But can you talk a little bit about where you really want to push your focus, John?
John B. Hess: Well, in the last couple of years, we've increased our exposure happily so to unconventionals. About 40% of our spending now is on unconventionals. It's a more balanced approach. It provides lower risk growth to our future production and earnings. And that balanced approach between the unconventionals and conventionals, that balance should continue in the future.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: Okay. So we should think about you as kind of 50-50 on conventional international?
John B. Hess: That's pretty close.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: And then finally for me on refining. You mentioned it was a margin story, the breakeven in July, August went into a severe September situation. Is it correct to characterize it as an asset that's really subject to margin vagaries? Or are there more operational and strategic actions you can take to improve performance there?
John B. Hess: Yes, as you know and recall that we took steps in the last year in our joint venture to downsize the refinery to increase the margin per barrel and also take some costs out of the business. That's all been successful. I think the benefit to that, we certainly saw at the beginning of the third quarter. But what happened were really 2 things. Gasoline margins came down in September, but also the front end of the crude market came up, and so margins were squeezed there. I think the refinery is in a more competitive position but it still has some competitive issues in entire fuel cost versus the Gulf Coast refinery that has the advantage of natural gases at feedstock. And that's an issue that we still look at. And as I've said before, it's a very small piece of our portfolio. We wanted to run reliably and securely, safely, and we're going to continue to do all we can to optimize its financial performance. And we'll always consider strategic options, but given the current environment, they're not that many, and we also have a partner that we also have to work with in that regard.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG, Research Division: I understand, John. And within that segment somewhat the trading loss that you had this quarter Q3, was there anything unusual or one-off about that or what went wrong there?
John P. Rielly: No, nothing unusual. As you know, it's a typical trading environment in the third quarter. The business, it's a small part of our portfolio. It's been good to us. It's been profitable 13 out of the last 14 years prior to this one. It took action. It did reduce positions and reduced its risk through the quarter. But nothing unusual there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Some exciting changes in your portfolio. Let me ask you a question and not to beat a dead horse, but just a bit of a follow-up on the spending and as you think about a downside commodity scenario, I mean, I know look, the market is somewhat focused on a crude deck that's south of $30. From the strip, I know -- I remember, John, in 2009 you raised the potential of an equity offering in a much lower and in a different environment than we're in today. But how do you look at your combination of assets, spending commit and balance sheet, as I know you've extended $4 billion plus in revolver, as distinguished versus '09 and support activity even if we're in a period of lower commodity prices? And how do you think about your flexibility versus that period of time and portfolio opportunities?
John B. Hess: Well, I think it's important to know that we remain committed to keeping a solid investment grade rating. We also remain committed to having a very strong balance sheet that John Rielly talked about before. We have available to us a $4 billion revolving credit facility that is undrawn. So we feel we have plenty of liquidity to fund our capital spend going forward through the cycle between internal cash flow, selected asset sales and liquidity facilities that we have on hand.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So, I mean, feeling better than '09 contextually, if you think about it?
John B. Hess: I wouldn't want to put a hypothesis. '09 was a much more difficult environment.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Good, now we agree. A different question on exploration. Walk through the exploration portfolio a bit, I know you gave an update on Semai V in terms of drilling depth. I kind of missed that, but is that -- are we on track to your results within weeks? Is that the general takeaway there? And then I know you had discussed, I think, 2 other prospects in that block that we should expect in 2012 and maybe you could either dimension those in size or discuss it. I believe they're different play types than the current structures, so it's not a path-dependent exploration portfolio there in Indonesia?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So just to reiterate some of the comments in John's opening remarks, the well's spud in July, we're currently drilling at 17,000 feet right now. TD is about another 5,000 feet down. So this is a tight well. So we're not going to reveal any interim details on the well, Evan, until the well is done. Regarding your question about the block, it's actually a 3-well commitment on the block. And until we get this well done, we won't determine where those next wells are going to be.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. But do you still anticipate 2 other prospects in 2012 on that commitment?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, we have 2 more wells that are commitments on the block following this one now. Yet to be determined what those wells are going to be or where or what depth or anything like that. We really want to get this well done first.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And you're trading that rig back and forth of Murphy in Indonesia. Is that right?
Gregory P. Hill: We're finalizing all the rig strategy as we speak.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Any exploration in Ghana, a reasonable acreage position there in 2012?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, the plans are we've got 2 exploration wells currently in the permitting process in various phases, net fits [ph] and Heron in the exploration phase. Anticipating bringing the Stena Forth back into the Gulf of Mexico early 2012, most likely begin drilling net fits [ph] in 2012.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. So begin drilling in the second half. So...
Gregory P. Hill: No, early 2012. Still finalizing our plans. But early 2012 is when we'll start drilling in the Gulf of Mexico again.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then on Ghana, just to kind of finish that out, you mentioned a minimum of 3. I mean, can you give us a high level and is that also -- is that path-dependent of the other wells or rig-dependent? How should we think about that potential range there?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So we have committed 2 rigs and that's the Stena DrillMAX. We've contracted for 5 firm wells on that rig. The current plan with Ghana, which again we're continuing to work with the government, is to drill a minimum of 3 wells. Now just to remind everyone, we're really testing 3 different play types on the block in Ghana. One is a deeper Cretaceous structure that sits below Paradise. The next one is a look-alike structural play near Paradise, and then the third one is a test on one of the many stratigraphic channel sand plays on the western part of the block. So with these 3 wells, we're actually going to test 3 different play types and their exploration wells.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm going to try a few quick ones if I may. First of all, John or Greg, can you give us an update on your drilling plans in the Utica?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, sure, Doug. As John mentioned in his opening remarks, we plan to begin appraisal activities in the fourth quarter. That will be the first thing that we will do is complete the market well. And then we're working with our partner, CONSOL, on starting drilling activities on some of that acreage. Next year, we'll be running 3 rigs in the Utica.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Great. And you described this, and my recollection is this is your second beachhead in unconventional shale after the Bakken. So I guess getting into the discussion about cash flow and asset sales and all the rest of it are $3,000 per acre entry to the Eagle Ford given where those acreage positions are selling for right now, could you describe the Eagle Ford as core or is that perhaps surplus to requirements now? And maybe the same question around Australia given your growth options in North America.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Doug, as you know, the Eagle Ford, our focus right now is on delineating the acreage we have, and we're pleased with the results to date. So we've made no further decisions other than just staying focused on delineating what we have. Similar story in Australia. I mean, we've got some appraisal work left to do in Australia. As you know, we've so far flow tested 5 wells with results coming in as expected. And we plan to drill and test 3 additional wells by mid-2012. We've got a rig coming back at the end of the year. And so, again, we're just in the appraisal understanding mode. Also in parallel, as you know, we're in commercial discussions with 3 liquefaction routes, which I mentioned before multiple times on the call, and really trying to bring all these things together so that we can make an informed decision sometime in 2012 about the next step for the block.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Let me just jump back to the Eagle Ford. Just to kind of follow up on that, are you actively expanding your acreage position? Or are you kind of set part with what you've got right now?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think we're being opportunistic. The pricing is pretty high in the Eagle Ford still. As we see opportunistic ways to fill in our acreage around this, we'll do that but only if we believe it makes money.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: And then last one for me, this one is maybe for John Rielly. But again, the focus seems to be on CapEx and cash flow next year, John, but you're obviously stepping up capital expenditure on unconventional drilling or lower 48 capital overall. At least on my numbers, that's going to leave you with a fairly significant deferred tax potential asset. Can you help us quantify? My understanding is you can write off 70% of intangible drilling cost as an integrated oil company. Can you maybe just put some numbers around that because I'm guessing that's a fairly big cash offset in terms of cash flow in 2012, and I'll leave it at that.
John P. Rielly: What you said is correct. There is -- you can take 70% deduction on our intangible drilling costs as an integrated company. Now I think as John Hess said earlier, we're still working out our capital budget for 2012. And at this point, I couldn't give you specific numbers on the amounts, from an unconventional standpoint, that would become intangible drilling cost. So and it's really kind of detailed information from a tax standpoint that we really wouldn't provide.
Douglas George Blyth Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: But do you think it would -- say, would there be a meaningful cash tax number, John, at least not looking for a hard number but notionally, are we thinking about it the right way?
John P. Rielly: You are thinking about it the right way. So again, from an income statement standpoint, it makes no difference. You're going to still have a federal and state tax provision that's at the statutory rates. But it does provide cash tax relief early on. And then later on, you'll end up paying those cash taxes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Maybe this is the first one for Greg. Greg, on Ghana, when are you going to drill the first well?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, it will be again, we're still in negotiations with the government on various things. But the plan is to get a rig in there early in 2012. So first quarter is when we anticipate spudding.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Do you think that the -- I mean, that the first well was quite a long time before you finish it? With that learning, how long do you think that the second well you're going to drill?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I mean, all these wells assuming you just drill it and don't do a lot of testing and things like that, these are 60- to 80-day wells.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But, I mean, are you going to do some testing?
Gregory P. Hill: Don't know. Yes, we'll just have to wait until we get into the well, Paul, and see what we have. No plans to test Paradise, but future wells, we'll just wait and see what happens.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then after the first appraisal well in Paradise, will you be in a position that you'll be successful, will you be in a position that you perhaps disclose a little bit more in terms of the size of the range of the resource and also the oil and gas mix?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, so let me clarify that the next 3 wells we're drilling are actually exploration wells.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: So you're not going to do the appraisal wells?
Gregory P. Hill: Not appraisal wells. Right. So we're testing one look alike to Paradise, which is nearby, another structural test. We're testing something below Paradise. That's a lower Cretaceous structure, large structure. And then we're testing a third play type, which is a stratigraphic channel set. So those are 3 exploration wells.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I see. And on the fourth quarter, this is for John Rielly. John, you're talking about total unit cost, and in E&P you expect third quarter at $39.35 to about $39, I would thought -- I would think that the drop will be a little bit more given that the return of the Waha and also the maintenance season in U.K. is over and also that Bakken will continue to rise. Is there any reason that why the unit cost is not going to drop more?
John P. Rielly: You're right. Your answers are directionally right on the cash cost side. So as production will be coming up, our cash cost will be coming down from the third quarter. Our DD&A in the fourth quarter, as you probably followed us, I mean, typically, our DD&A rises throughout the year as we add additional CapEx onto the program and then the reserve, more reserve bookings happening at the end of the year. So one, you have that reason. The other point is we are in an investment mode and a lot of good things are going on. So like take the Bakken. We've got -- we're drilling right now in all acquired acreage right now. It's not on our legacy position. So we're in the AOG and Tracker acreage, so that has an acquisition cost on it. We're making a lot of infrastructure investments, and we move to the 38-stage frac designs. So I mean, a lot of good things going on that will provide very good returns for us for years to come. But those investments, what happens is with reserve bookings, they always lag the investment dollars. So the reserve bookings will begin to come later on in fields like, same thing in Valhall. So we'll begin to see the DD&A rates come down out in the future, but we will have a pickup in the DD&A rate for fourth quarter.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I see. And going back to Greg. Greg, I mean, if we're looking at your one way of your exploration expense, this quarter is a little bit lower than usual, but you're probably talking about somewhere in the $900 million to $1 billion at year-end exploration expense. And that's equal to roughly over, say, $6 to $7 per barrel of your production. Is that the kind of number that you think on the long haul is a reasonable level or that over the long haul that you should target a lower per barrel production in terms of exploration expense?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Paul, so again, in 2012, I mean, we're in the middle of our budget cycle. So we haven't finalized any of those numbers at all for next year. I would like to think that as long as we can generate excellent prospects that we will continue with our organic drill bit-led strategy. It will really going to depend...
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: But you don't think that you're spending too much money on the exploration side?
Gregory P. Hill: If we have opportunities to drill, we will drill the opportunities that we have, yes.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Two final question for me. One in Eagle Ford. Greg, you provide some well data for Bakken. Can you give us the well data in terms of production warning [ph] for the well that currently is in production and also some of the IP and well cost? And secondly, that for Bakken, have you -- do you believe that you have seen the petrol in terms of the well cost or that you're still seeing a lot of inflation pressure?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes. So let me address the Bakken first. As I mentioned, the cost for a 38-stage, a good number to assume is $10 million. Looking forward, we're optimistic that we can continue to drop that well cost through our lean manufacturing, further application of lean manufacturing and also whether or not to do sliding sleeve or plug and perf. We're pushing the technology on sliding sleeve to get greater and greater numbers of sliding sleeves in the well. So those are opportunities we see to continue to drop that well cost. Turning to the Eagle Ford. Just to remind everyone that we've drilled 22 wells thus far. Eight wells have been completed and brought on production. And on average, the 30-day IP rates of these wells are about 500 barrels per day, of which about 60% is liquids. Well costs are running about $10 million each for a 15- to 21-stage frac design. However, we expect this cost to come down as we employ many of our Bakken operating practices to the Eagle Ford. So still early days in the drilling cycle on the Eagle Ford.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just hoping for an update on the status of some of the Bakken infrastructure product -- projects, most notably the rail capacity. How that project is progressing and timing of ramp up. And I know that's the key one that -- maybe I'll stop there for the question.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think on the recall there's kind of 2 major infrastructure projects. One is the expansion of the Tioga Gas Plant, which is on track. That will be complete at the end of 2012. The Tioga rail expansion is nearing completion, and we'll be ready to ship our first trains in early 2012.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And what is the initial capacity on the rail expansion?
Gregory P. Hill: It will be -- we've got 9-train car sets, and that gives us about a 54,000-barrel a day capacity. Now obviously, in the future if need be, we can expand that with additional train sets.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. And the 54,000, once it starts up, it's up. We shouldn't think in terms of some ramp up to 54,000. It's an on or off type of deal?
John B. Hess: No, don't have some flexibility to deal with our own production flexibility. And in fact, we'll probably going to send a couple of rail cars to debottleneck that facility in the fourth quarter.
Arjun N. Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: That's fantastic. And I don't think I missed it. Any update on Australia LNG, where that stands right now?
Gregory P. Hill: No, I think as I mentioned earlier, we've taken a drilling break, and that's really just waiting on the rig to come back out of the shipyard after recertification. Expect to begin drilling very late this year. Drill 3 more appraisal wells and do some testing and trying to be complete with that program say mid-2012 in Australia. In parallel, we're continuing all the commercial discussions with Pluto, with Wheatstone and with Northwest Shelf trying to figure out the optimum commercial routes for the gas.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: I had a couple of things. Was wondering whether or not you've seen any interest to date in the form down being offered on BM-S-22.
Gregory P. Hill: That data room has just been opened, Mark. So really can't comment on how many people have been through.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Greg or John Rielly, perhaps you might be able to flush out a little bit the circumstances surrounding the "assignment" of BP's interest in Tubular Bells?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think the terms of that assignment are confidential, Mark. Suffice to say that we've -- Chevron and us have split BP's interest.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: For consideration or not, Greg?
Gregory P. Hill: Terms are confidential.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: All right. Let me try something else. On the Bakken, the oil gas split pretty much remaining constant?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, it is.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: So 90-plus percent liquids?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, it is. Yes.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. Last one for me. For John Hess, I noticed that the FCC utilization rate of HOVENSA continues to be low, John, mid-70s, which is kind of in the range. Any issues there that perhaps you can address that might yield better performance going forward?
John B. Hess: It's more an economic issue, Mark, than anything else. Some of the operating problems we've had at HOVENSA in the past, I think they've made a lot of improvements in terms of reliability, operating excellence. So it's more an economic-driven issue.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: So you've been cutting it back basically?
John B. Hess: Yes.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, Mark, I just wanted to clarify the Bakken range is between 85% and 90% liquids.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Socit Gnrale.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Yes, just some quick ones. With Utica Shale, Greg, what kind of spending rate do you think you'll have on kind of a quarterly basis or an ongoing basis?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, we're still trying to finalize that with our partner, CONSOL. As I mentioned, we plan to ramp up the 3 rigs in the Utica in 2012, but we're finalizing all those estimates with our partner right now.
John B. Hess: Hopefully for the fourth quarter call, we can give more definition on that.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Regarding the fourth quarter, you are drilling a lot of issued TD, a bunch of -- or at least 2 deepwater wells. What kind of dry-hole cost exposure is that?
John P. Rielly: We typically just don't -- we don't give that -- those well costs out. So, I mean, you can figure out from the rigs that are being utilized as John Hess and Greg said earlier, we spud this in July. So from those days through, obviously, through September 30. And then we'll tell you when the final well comes in, in the fourth quarter. I mean, it will be a significant amount, but we don't give out that data on individual wells.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay, that's fine. With respect to the Bakken wells, how much are the fracs now running as a percentage of total well cost 55% or 60%, how large are they?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think 60% is a pretty good number.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. With Ghana, when will you delineate Paradise?
Gregory P. Hill: Again, our focus in 2012 is getting some additional exploration wells in the ground. So that is our primary focus as agreed to with the government. We're still in the exploration phase right now on the block.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Still having partners or potential partners call up?
Gregory P. Hill: Absolutely. There's very high interest in this block. We've had a data room open and have had a number of partners through the data room.
John P. Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Last one for me. Anything on Peru?
Gregory P. Hill: There's nothing really noteworthy to report yet on Peru.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Sven Del Pozzo with IHS Herold.
Sven Del Pozzo: It's Sven Del Pozzo. Again, on the Bakken, around what time in 2012 do you think that you'll feel that you'll have your leases secured, the ones that you've most recently acquired with Tracker and American so that you'll be able to devote more pad, do more pad drilling?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think we'll have -- we'll largely have the majority of that acreage held by production by the end of 2012 with some spillover into 2013.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. And again, on the Bakken, do you have any plans to explore any of the deeper Three Forks formations?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, as you know, when we were doing the dual laterals in the pad drilling, we were drilling both Bakken and Three Forks wells. In the acreage that we've acquired, we've drilled some Three Forks wells as well. So it will be part of our long-term development strategy.
Sven Del Pozzo: Pardon me, I didn't explain myself properly. I believe there are actually some even deeper Three Forks formations than the ones that you've been developing thus far.
Gregory P. Hill: Right now, we're not looking at those. We're just focused on the conventional Three Forks, I'll call it, and the Bakken.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. And again, following up on the 60% liquids content in the Eagle Ford, are we talking condensate or black oil?
Gregory P. Hill: Both, but primarily condensate.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. And what kind of an NGL proportion of the total hydrocarbon split should I consider or should I use?
Gregory P. Hill: It's a bit premature because, again, we're continuing to delineate that acreage.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. And this is more of an accounting question on the reporting for the North Sea. Oil price realizations in the third quarter look like something like $65. Just wondering why in the second quarter they were $85. How do I reconcile those 2 numbers?
John P. Rielly: No, it's a good question. In the third quarter, with some of our North Sea maintenance, we had a significant underlift of barrels in the U.K., and then you also know, in Norway, Valhall we had a fire so we have less sales volumes there as well. So what that means is that our Russia production became a much higher part of our -- of that European production. And therefore, that Russia, while profitable, has a lower price realization. And so that's what dropped the oil realization down. You should just expect our oil realization to go back to normal in the fourth quarter.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. And at Valhall, did the fire pose -- does it have any implications for the long-term redevelopment program at Valhall?
Gregory P. Hill: No, there's no implications whatsoever for the long-term redevelopment.
Philip Weiss - Argus Research Company: Okay. And that's supposed to hit 75,000 BOE a day to Hess, and I was wondering what time frame I should consider for that?
Gregory P. Hill: Well, I think we're -- we continue to work with the operator to march our way to 75,000 barrels a day within 5 years after the completion of the redevelopment.
Sven Del Pozzo: Okay. And this is my last question. I might have missed this during the comments, working capital component of your operating cash flow in the third quarter.
John P. Rielly: It was a decrease to our cash flow of $11 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Kessler with Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: A few more questions on the Bakken if you don't mind. Greg, you mentioned adding a new frac crew to help handle the -- reduce your inventory of drill bit on completed wells. Can you give us a quantification of the number of wells that you've got sitting in a drilled but uncompleted status?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think as we mentioned on last quarter's call, we had around 70 wells in our backlog. That number, it has remained constant, and that's why we're adding the additional frac crew.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Where do you think that'll gravitate down towards? I mean, is it going down near 0, is there always going to be an extra inventory of...
Gregory P. Hill: I mean, there will always be a backlog because as part of lean manufacturing, you always have a certain number of batch jobs in your queue. But we believe we can work down the majority of that backlog with that additional frac crew over the next 6 to 9 months.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's great. And then also, thanks for the clarification on when you expect to hold by production the incremental acreage kind of towards the end of next years spillover to 2013. I'm curious what sort of drilling if incompletion efficiency uptick you might expect as you get back to more efficiently located wells. I mean, is this sort of a 15% kind of uptick we could see in a number of wells completed per rig here, for example?
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, I think certainly the productivity will improve substantially as we get back to pad drilling. I think the biggest opportunity for increased efficiency obviously on the completion side will be if we can push the sliding sleeve technology to 38, 34 to 38 stages. And we have a number of successful 34-stage sliding sleeves in the ground as we speak. So that's probably our biggest opportunity for efficiency. That will be a significant savings in number of days to get a well completed.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And last one for me. Thoughts on netbacks on the Bakken once the rail comes online?
John B. Hess: I wouldn't want to speculate about what the netbacks are going to be because WTI has had a lot of movement recently relative to Brent. So what the differentials will be going forward, there are a lot of moving pieces there. So I'd rather get some history under our belt and some clarity in the market before we would speculate that. Obviously, the differential between Brent or Gulf Coast-based crudes and WTI is still a very significant number. So the fact that we have railcars, that will enhance our net backs at the current time.
Robert A. Kessler - Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc., Research Division: Yes. So clearly, the wider the differential, the more relative value of having new railcars, right?
John B. Hess: It'll be net accretive in that regard.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Ed Westlake with Credit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG, Research Division: I'm just going ask 3 questions upfront, that's it. So IP rates in the Bakken from your latest wells, are you able to give a rough reserves split in Paradise for oil versus gas condensate? And then just a clarification on Arjun's question. I thought rail was going to be 130,000 barrels a day of capacity. Did I hear you right to say 54,000? Maybe some color there.
Gregory P. Hill: Yes, so let me answer the rail. With 9 cars, we'll have a capacity of 54,000. If we add additional railcars, additional train sets, we can go all the way up to 150,000 barrels a day or so. But right now, we have 9 train sets ordered. Four have been delivered already. A fifth will come in October, and once we get those full 9, we'll be at 54,000 barrels a day. Regarding your IP rates, on the Bakken, we now have 84 38-stage systems installed. We've got 35 on production, 19 of which have 30-day IPs, and those IP rates are averaging just over 1,000 barrels a day on the 38-stage wells. So we continue to be obviously very encouraged by those results. Regarding Paradise, it's just too early. We got a lot more drilling, a lot more exploration to do on Ghana before we understand exactly what we have there. And I think we're encouraged. We've got 500 or 490 feet to pay [ph] in a well. We've got good reservoir quality, and we've got liquids component in the well. So I think we're pleased to date, but we've got a lot more stuff to do.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I have actually 4 quick follow-up. First, Greg, at the end of September, what is the -- actually at the end of the year, what is your expected exit rate for Bakken? And also, do you have a number you can share what is the Bakken -- from Bakken to the Gulf of Mexico, St. James what is the railroad tenant [ph] that you guys have contract? And third, when you think you get enough of the production data and feel comfortable to get a production estimate or target for Eagle Ford and Utica? And then a final one is for John Rielly. At the end of September, are you underlift or overlift? And in what region and what [indiscernible]?
Gregory P. Hill: Okay. So let me answer a couple of questions on the Bakken first and then the Eagle Ford and Utica questions, and then I'll give it to John to answer the netbacks on the rail system. So we aren't going to quote an exit rate for the Bakken. I think what we've said is that we will -- our 2011 net production forecast is between 30,000 barrels and 35,000 barrels a day in the range. We're confident we are going to be in that range. We've also said that our average for next year will be 60,000 barrels a day, and I think we're confident that we can achieve that average rate for next year. Regarding production data and target for the Eagle Ford and Utica, obviously, Utica very early days. We haven't even gotten our first completion of wells. So I can't really give you any color yet on what the Utica will be. I think for the Eagle Ford, as I've said before, we're in the delineation mode. Most of our efforts have been focused on the southwest portion of the acreage. In the fourth quarter, we're going to be starting to delineate the northeastern part of the acreage. So, Paul, unfortunately, it's early days to even give you estimates on the Eagle Ford because, again, we're still in this delineation mode, trying to understand what we have.
John B. Hess: Yes, and on the railcars, Paul, 2 points. The commercial terms of the rail agreement and the shipping arrangements are competitively sensitive. So I can't give further color on that. The only thing is where the spreads, where they are, it would be advantageous to our netback.
Paul Y. Cheng - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And what is your inventory at the end of September underlift or overlift?
John P. Rielly: Okay, for the balance of our assets, Paul, we have a small underlift, if you want to say, position. But and then in Norway, we've got an overlift position. So overall, I'd say we're generally balanced that way. So you shouldn't expect anything big, but you don't know based on the timings of lift.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Katherine Minyard with JPMorgan.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Just a couple of quick clarification questions. Can I just confirm, is your full year production guidance still 375 to 385?
John P. Rielly: Yes, it is.
Katherine Lucas Minyard - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can I just quickly -- can you walk me through just a little bit of where we would expect some of the recovery in 4Q? I know you've walked through some Bakken, and I know we've got Valhall back, and both of those add a pretty generous level of volume as we look from 3Q to 4Q. I guess when I look at 3Q, it looks as though Africa is a little bit low on liquids. And I'm wondering was there some maintenance or something that we'd expect to recover into 4Q? And what else might I be missing just in looking at 4Q to get into that full year range?
John P. Rielly: You have the big pieces. So Valhall clearly coming back is the biggest. We've got the growth in the Bakken like you mentioned. The one thing I don't think I heard you mention, we did have North Sea maintenance. So we did have field down. It was -- we had South Arne, we had Sidern [ph], we had Shahalian [ph], so we expect some additional production coming back there. As far as in Africa, the decline was in EG. There was a small amount of downtime somewhere between 1,000 and 2,000 barrels there.
Gregory P. Hill: But I would just add one comment on EG. We have a rig coming back into EG and anticipate being -- doing some completions and also drilling more wells next year in EG.
Operator: Your final question today is a follow-up from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: John Rielly or Greg, you got a capital cost number for the rail project?
John P. Rielly: No, Mark. We don't provide that individual detail.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: John, can you say whether you're owning or leasing the railcars?
John P. Rielly: We are owning them.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And with respect to the lifting issue, the volume of the third quarter underlift?
John P. Rielly: We were underlifted -- it was approximately 650,000 barrels in the third quarter. We were underlifted by approximately 600,000 barrels in both the U.K. and Azerbaijan. So 1.2 billion combined between those 2 countries. And we did had an over lift in Norway. We had a lower production. So based on the lower production, our sales volumes were higher in Norway by 500,000 barrels, and that's how it nets back down to the 650,000 barrels.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's Q&A portion, as well as the conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John Hess - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Hill - Executive Vice President, President of Worldwide Exploration & Production and Director Jay Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG Katherine Minyard Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research Paul Cheng Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2011 Hess Corporation Earnings Call. My name is Modesta, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Modesta. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments, after which John Rielly will review our financials. Net income for the second quarter of 2011 was $607 million versus $375 million a year ago. Our earnings were positively impacted by higher crude oil selling prices, which more than offset the impact of lower production volumes and weaker downstream results. Exploration and Production earned $747 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 372,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 10% below the year-ago quarter. Over the past 6 months, we have experienced several setbacks, most of which are short term, that have resulted in production below the year-ago period and our forecast for this year. With regard to the Bakken, harsh winter weather and severe flooding this spring in North Dakota resulted in a backlog of well completions. Net production from the Bakken averaged 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter, which was flat with the first quarter. With improved weather conditions and our recent change to a 38-stage frac design, we expect to close the gap against our production plan over the next 6 to 9 months. As of yesterday, our net Bakken production was 34,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In terms of the shut-in Llanos #3 well in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the operator plans to perform a workover and restore production in the first quarter of 2012. Regarding Libya, no estimate as to the timing of the resumption of production can be made until the civil war is resolved and stability returns to the country. Lastly, a recent fire at the Valhall field in offshore Norway has shut in a net 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The government and operator of the field are both conducting an investigation, so that lessons can be learned and a recovery plan can be put in place to restore production. As a consequence of these various factors, we now forecast 2011 production for our company to average between 375,000 and 385,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day versus our previous forecast of between 385,000 and 395,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. With regard to deepwater exploration, we confirmed in May a discovery at our Paradise prospect in Ghana. The well, drilled on our 90% owned Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points block, encountered 490 feet of net pay. Preliminary reservoir formation testing confirms that the fluid types comprise oil and gas condensate. We plan to begin appraisal drilling in early 2012, subject to government approvals and rig availability. In Indonesia, we spud the Andalan well on the Semai V block on July 12. Hess has 100% working interest in the block. In Brunei, the operator of Block CA-1, in which Hess has a 13.5% interest, intends to commence exploration drilling later in the third quarter. This morning, we announced that we, along with our partner, Petroceltic International, signed production sharing contracts with the Kurdistan Regional Government of Iraq for the Dinarta and Shakrok exploration blocks. Hess will have an 80% paying interest and be the operator of the blocks, which have a combined area of more than 670 square miles. Under the terms of the contract, we will acquire 2D seismic and drill at least one well on each of the blocks over the 3-year license period. Based on the anticipated work programs, Hess' total financial commitment is expected to be approximately $288 million. Turning to Marketing and Refining, we reported a loss of $39 million for the second quarter of 2011. Financial results at our HOVENSA joint venture refinery were below the year-ago quarter. While the new refinery configuration has started to make a positive contribution to financial performance, it was more than offset by higher fuel costs. Marketing earnings were above the second quarter last year. Retail marketing benefited from improved margins in May and June. Gasoline volumes on a per site basis were down approximately 2%, and total convenience store sales were down by 4%, both reflecting the weak economy. Our Energy Marketing business delivered strong results, helped by higher year-over-year natural gas and electricity sales volumes.  Capital and exploratory expenditures in the first half of 2011 were approximately $2.7 billion, substantially all of which were related to exploration and production. For the full year 2011, our capital and exploratory expenditures forecast has been increased to $6.2 billion from $5.6 billion. Additional investments in the Bakken and Eagle Ford, as well as the recently announced Kurdistan exploration agreement, account for the increase. We remain committed to sustaining the profitable growth of our reserves and production and ensuring we have the financial strength to fund our future investment opportunities.  I will now call the turn over -- turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thank you, John. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare second quarter 2011 results to the first quarter. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $607 million in the second quarter of 2011, compared with net income of $929 million in the first quarter. First quarter 2011 results included an after-tax gain of $310 million related to the sale of the corporation's interest in certain natural gas producing assets in the United Kingdom North Sea. Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production had income of $747 million in the second quarter of 2011, compared with income of $979 million in the first quarter. First quarter results included the after-tax gain of $310 million related to the previously mentioned asset sales. Excluding this item, the changes in the after-tax components of the earnings are as follows: Higher selling prices increased earnings by $165 million. Lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $63 million. Lower exploration expense increased earnings by $32 million. Higher operating costs decreased income by $52 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $4 million, for an overall increase in second quarter adjusted earnings of $78 million. Our E&P operations were overlifted in the quarter compared with production, resulting in increased after-tax income of approximately $20 million. The E&P effective income tax rate for the second quarter of 2011 was 38%. In July 2011, the United Kingdom enacted an additional 12% supplementary tax on petroleum operations with an effective date of March 24, 2011. As a result, we expect to record a charge of approximately $50 million in the third quarter. This charge includes a provision of approximately $20 million, representing the incremental tax on earnings from the effective date to the end of the second quarter and a charge of approximately $30 million to increase our deferred tax liability in the United Kingdom. For the full year of 2011, we expect our normalized E&P effective tax rate will be in the range of 38% to 42%. The forecast includes the impact of the additional 12% supplementary tax on 2011 earnings and is based on the assumption that our Libyan production will be shut in for the remainder of the year. Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining generated a loss of $39 million in the second quarter of 2011, compared with income of $39 million in the first quarter. Refining operations incurred a loss of $44 million in the second quarter of 2011, compared with a loss of $48 million in the first quarter. The corporation's losses from its equity investment in HOVENSA were $49 million in the second quarter of 2011, compared with $48 million in the first quarter. The corporation's share of HOVENSA's results included income from LIFO inventory liquidations of approximately $14 million in the second quarter of 2011 and $40 million in the first quarter of 2011. The inventory liquidations were initiated as a result of the reconfiguration of the refinery. Port Redding recorded earnings of $5 million in the second quarter of 2011, up from $2 million in the first quarter. Marketing earnings were $28 million in the second quarter of 2011, compared with $68 million in the first quarter, principally reflecting seasonally lower margins and sales volumes in Energy Marketing, partially offset by improved retail gasoline margins. Trading activities generated a loss of $23 million in the second quarter of 2011, compared with income of $19 million in the first quarter.  Turning to corporate and interest. Net corporate expenses were $42 million in the second quarter of 2011, compared with $28 million in the first quarter, reflecting higher insurance and employee-related costs. After-tax interest expense was $59 million in the second quarter of 2011, compared with $61 million in the first quarter. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter, including an increase of $308 million from changes in working capital, was $1,689,000,000. Capital expenditures were $1,375,000,000. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $88 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $226 million. We had $2,194,000,000 of cash and cash equivalents at June 30, 2011, and $1,608,000,000 at December 31, 2010. In April, we entered into a new 5-year revolving credit agreement, which increased the capacity under our credit facility to $4 billion from $3 billion. Total debt was $5,541,000,000 at June 30, 2011, and $5,583,000,000 at December 31, 2010. The corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at June 30, 2011, was 22.7% compared with 24.9% at the end of 2010.  This concludes my remarks. We'll be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Ed Westlake with Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: The first question, I guess, is on Ghana. I mean, you said appraisal is going to start in the first half of 2012. Could you be a little bit more specific around some of the other prospects? Is that rig going to go and appraise Paradise, beach, Hickory?
John Hess: I mean, we are working those appraisal plans as we speak. And we'll have to get the approval of the government, so we haven't finalized the exact well sequence. We're going to do that in the coming quarter and then get the government to buy into that as well.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: And so just as a follow-on in terms of when you'd expect to get the government's buy in. It would be sort of Q4 event, do you think?
John Hess: Yes, most likely.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: And then on the split between oil and gas condensate, obviously, in the prepared remarks you've said it's both, but do you have a rough split as we sit here today from what you've analyzed in terms of Paradise, in terms of how much is -- of the 490 feet or however you want to explain it is oil and how much is gas condensate?
John Hess: No, I'm not ready to do that yet, Ed. We're still waiting on a number of samples to get back from the lab. So it's just a little bit too early to be doing that, and we only have one well, of course, at this point.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: And so when do you think you might be able to give some of that information? Would we have to wait until after the appraisal is drilled in early 2012?
John Hess: I think we would prefer to wait until the appraisal program to do that.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. Maybe my second question, and I'll give over to others, is just on the Bakken. You were at 34,000. Where do you expect it to be at the year-end run rate?
John Hess: Ed, we're not going to quote that yet. We're still digging out all the weather and execution issues. So by the end of the year, we're going to give a complete revised outlook for the Bakken, including the 5-year forecast.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: Would you be able to give a range if there's some uncertainty, or just no number?
John Hess: No, I think we've said our forecast for the year-end exit rate is between 30,000 and 35,000 barrels a day in 2011. The average -- that's a full year average.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Merrill Lynch.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can I try a couple, please? I guess as you kick off with the Bakken. It sounds like things have rebounded pretty hard here, but could you give us an idea, when are you going to give us a proper update on the potential capacity of -- production capacity of the entire asset? Let me explain where I'm going with this. You're running 18 rigs with more, I guess, more aggressive completion designs. My understanding is the IP rates from the American and the Tracker acreage are even better than your legacy assets, but you still haven't addressed 80,000 barrels a day within 5 years. So if you could really just give us some idea when you're going to talk about that and where you could likely get to. And I've got a follow-up, please.
Gregory Hill: As we said in the past, we intend to provide an update just as soon as we drill enough additional wells and gather additional data on the acquired acreage. As John mentioned in his opening remarks or as a result of the severe weather in the first half of 2011, we're a few months behind schedule on gathering that data. So we'll be in a position to provide a revised forecast before the end of the year. And as you mentioned in your question, the last thing I would say is that the IP rates from the wells drilled today down on the acquired acreage have met or exceeded our expectations.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. So basically -- is it fair to say that 80,000 barrels a day is probably out of date?
Gregory Hill: Oh yes, Doug, obviously, with the acquisitions, that's a low number.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. My follow-up, if I could maybe squeeze a couple on here back to back, but the Valhall, clearly, you have 64%, I guess, more or less. Is there any likely change of operatorship here in light of what's happened? I know it's probably a little unfair to point a finger at this point, but if you could give a prognosis as to when you would expect that to come back. And finally, if Greg is able to, an update perhaps on the Eagle Ford and perhaps some commentary, Greg, about your recent entry into California and to what I understand is the lower Monterey, that would be great.
Gregory Hill: Let me take those one at a time, Doug. So on Valhall, as John said, the investigation's ongoing and until complete, it's going to be inappropriate to speculate as to the timing of the restart, until we understand all the root causes. And as you can appreciate, I think, both us and BP, safety is our #1 priority here. So beyond that, we'd refer you to the operator. Regarding your question about operatorship of Valhall, our strategy is to work with BP, work with the operator to get that facility to capacity within 5 years. So that's our strategy, to work with BP on doing that. Your second question relating to the Eagle Ford, I believe, let me just give you an update on the Eagle Ford. As you know, we've been building a position there in the Eagle Ford and currently have about 107,000 net acres. We plan to drill between 25 and 30 wells in 2011. We've -- 15 wells have been drilled so far, and 3 wells have been completed and brought on production. And these 3 wells have delivered, on average, 30-day IP rates of approximately 650-barrel of oil equivalents per day of which 80% was liquids. So although it's still early days, the initial results from the wells drilled in the Eagle Ford are encouraging. On the Monterey, as we've mentioned before, we are building an unconventional position in opportunities both in the U.S. and in internationally. And at the appropriate time, we'll provide information about any new areas or opportunities that we're entering.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Greg, may I push you on the counties in the Eagle Ford? Are you prepared to give us that information yet? Or still...
Gregory Hill: No, Doug, I'm not. Things are still very competitive down there. We're just really trying to consolidate our position at this point, and so we prefer not to disclose where our acreage is yet.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: On Ghana, would it be fair to characterize that as a major oil discovery that you are delighted with?
Gregory Hill: I would say it's fair to characterize it as a major hydrocarbon discovery.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And you're delighted?
Gregory Hill: We're pleased with the initial results and the test of the well, but we've got to go into appraisal mode to figure out exactly what we have. There's a lot of potential on the block. We've got several wells to drill yet to assess the block.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Yes, Greg, could you talk a little bit more about the geology and obviously, the neighborhood. There's other major stuff there that we all know about that's being developed. How do you see it fitting in?
Gregory Hill: Well, I think as we said on the call last time, we did see a major Cenomanian section, opens up a new play concept in that part of the world, and in addition to that, we see a deeper structure below that. So there's multiple play types on the block, which is why our appraisal program really needs to look at all those different opportunities and assess what we have there, but there's multiple opportunities.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: So the best guess would be you'll be appraising throughout 2012.
Gregory Hill: We will and of course, we haven't drilled that deeper prospect yet, but that's the plans in 2012, to tap into that as well.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: I understand. What is the latest on Pony, please?
Gregory Hill: Pony, again, just not much to update from the last call. The partnership is working on the joint operating agreements, continue to do that. We hope to sanction Pony in 2012. So the partners have signed a letter of agreement. It's a confidentiality agreement, and just we're working on all the various agreements as well. But again, we are targeting 2012 for sanction, first production likely to occur approximately 4 years after that.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And the facts of the Valhall case, I believe it was a compressor fire that burned -- and forgive me; this information was given to me on the day of the fire, so that's why I wanted to update it. It was a compressor fire that burned for about half an hour and that the prognosis may be that allowing for the regulator and all the other uncertainties, this may not be a long-term outage.
Gregory Hill: Again, Paul, it's hard to say because the investigation report's not complete. So until we understand all the root cause -- and you're right, it was a vent line on the compressor that was the source of the fire. And again, beyond that, we'd refer you to the operator, but we're waiting just like everyone for the outcome of the report to see what next steps are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio with Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: On the Bakken, I was hoping for an update on your unit train associated trans-loading capacity. I mean, how should we think about the planned unit train, kind of 1 to 9 with up to, I think, it was max 120,000 barrels a day of capacity? I know you initially built 50,000 to 55,000 into St. James. I guess I'm just wondering is whether you see an ability to bring on all capacity that would exceed your evacuation needs that could provide you a nice arbitrage if there's a LLS [ph] Bakken kind of differential in 2012 that, actually, we expect there to be.
Gregory Hill: If could just kind of review again what our export capacity is out of the Bakken. So existing infrastructure and agreements with Tesoro are for 30,000 barrels a day, and that's sufficient in the immediate term. We've also secured pipeline and rail options to export the balance of our production as the production begins to ramp up in the longer term. The first piece of that is Enbridge, which is 30,000 to 40,000 barrels a day capacity on that, and then rail, as you mentioned, is our flex. And we have the -- we will have the capacity to go all the way up to 150,000 barrels a day. That facility will be done in the first quarter of 2012. So really, we've got plenty of capacity to get our crude to whatever markets we choose. Right now, we've got crude slated to go to St. James refinery.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Right. And the unit trains, I mean, all 9 unit trains will be delivered by -- in the first quarter of 2012.
Gregory Hill: Yes, so we have 9 train sets that are currently being constructed right now, and that's good for about 55,000 barrels a day from those 9 train sets. We'll add additional trains as needed to match our capacity.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay. What's the current time from order to delivery on the rail side, the train sets that you're seeing now, we've been hearing like almost a year now?
Gregory Hill: Well, we got in early on the queue. We did see that coming, so we secured those train sets, so we don't see any bottlenecks for us yet.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Right, but you see -- I mean, you'll have excess capacity. If you potentially could arbitrage other people's barrels. Thats something that would really make sense to you, right?
John Hess: Our first priority is going to be taking care of our own production because of the timing difference next year. When Enbridge will come on, the majority of the excess crude that we have after Tesoro will go on the trains. So our first priority is to take care of our own production. If there are other business opportunities after that, that's something we'll consider, but that's certainly a second priority at this time.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: That's wonderful. One more question if I may, and maybe I missed it on Ghana. Did you just say how many rigs you'll have there in early 2012?
Gregory Hill: No, we haven't yet, because we just haven't finished our -- the wells we're going to drill or the appraisal program, the order of the wells, how many wells. Again, that's something we have to discuss with the government before we can talk about it publicly.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: But ideally, there could be multiple rigs there, would be pretty reasonable, obviously, conditional on government acquiescence, et cetera.
Gregory Hill: Yes, just too early to speculate because, again, we just don't have the appraisal grant lined out yet, but 1, maybe 2 rigs is kind of directionally what we're thinking.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: I have a couple of things. John, can you give me an idea how that $600 million in additional capital budget this year is going to be allocated in terms of the areas you cited?
John Rielly: Sure. I mean, we'll give you on a general basis, Mark. What we're doing is in the Bakken, I think, as John and both Greg had talked about, that we have increased activity there. We're moving to a 38-stage frac design. We are increasing the number of frac crews, and we're also increasing our commitment to nonoperated JV drilling in the Bakken. And then in the Eagle Ford, we've also moved to a 15- to 21-stage frac design. We've also increased the number of wells from our original budget, and we've acquired additional acreage, I think, as Greg had mentioned. Then with Kurdistan, the financial commitment that John Hess mentioned, a good part of that is coming in 2011 as well, so that's basically how it's allocated.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. Regarding Kurdistan, is the front-end payment, which if you could say what it is, please do, included in the $288 million?
John Rielly: It is included in the $288 million, but it's sensitive information. We're not going to go into the specifics of that.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. Although you're reluctant to talk about the location of the Eagle Ford acreage, can you give me a rough idea what the average cost of entry has been?
Gregory Hill: No, Mark, we're still -- I mean, we're acquiring acreage, right? But average about 3,000 or so. That would be the early entry cost for us.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: About 3,000, Greg?
Gregory Hill: Yes.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. If I could just shift to Ghana for a sec, did you test for the Campanian at all in the Paradise well?
Gregory Hill: No, we did not.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: So you did not expect it to be productive.
Gregory Hill: No, we didn't -- that was not our objective. The Campanian was not our objective in that block and that well.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. Can you give me an idea of how the -- what that pay distribution is between the Cenomanian and the Turonian?
Gregory Hill: We're not going to give that out yet, Mark. We're just -- again, we're just in the middle of trying to figure out our appraisal program, and we're just not going to give a lot of details, because we've got a lot of details to work with the government.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. For John Hess, regarding the HOVENSA reconfiguration. John, I guess I'm struggling a little bit in terms of trying to get a handle on the ultimate economic contribution. You referenced in your remarks the negative impact of the offsetting increase in fuel cost year-over-year. Can you put a number on that for me?
John Hess: No, but I will say this. The reconfiguration allows us to both improve our margin per barrel and lower our operating cost and capital expenditures and also improve our liquidity position by decreasing inventory. So overall, the reconfiguration is economically and financially a strengthening move. I will also say, notwithstanding the fact that because of the higher oil prices in the second quarter, a lot of that benefit was given back because of a higher fuel cost. But I think the important thing to note is currently, HOVENSA is profitable.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. And John, when you say that, as we speak today moment in time, all the benefits of the reconfiguration have been recognized as of today.
John Hess: Well, on a going forward basis, yes. We should be getting more of a recurring benefit from that.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. And just the final thing for me, a capital cost number for the rail project, all in.
John Rielly: Mark, we don't give that kind of granularity on the specifics. So I mean, you know we're spending in the Bakken, obviously, a significant amount on infrastructure and drilling. So we're not going to go into specifics on that.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Any idea what you expect the transportation costs with appropriate return to be at St. James?
John Hess: Mark, we don't go into those numbers.
Operator: Your next question today comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng: Greg, in Ghana, I know you don't have a lot of information yet, but can you tell us how many prospects surrounding Paradise that you have already identified, that you plan to drill over the next 20 months?
Gregory Hill: Yes, but we've got a number of prospects, and the reason I'm being a little bit sensitive about this is we've got a lot of work to do and negotiation with the government. So I really don't want to go public on a lot of things until we're through our negotiation with the government or what appraisal program end, but suffice to say that there is a number of prospects on the block.
Paul Cheng: It seems that you initially announced the discovery in May. Should we -- or in late April. So should we assume that by May of 2013, whatever you then declare commercial will need to return to the government? So you basically will have 20 months there or 22 months there for you to finish all the drilling.
Gregory Hill: Yes, we've got basically our second license period. We have a of couple years to get some drilling done on the block, and then we're into another phase of development after that.
Paul Cheng: Okay. In Indonesia, have you guys got the rig from the Murphy again, so that the rig is still drilling over there?
Gregory Hill: Yes, we did get the rig from Murphy. We spudded the well on July 12 on that Semai block. Just to update on drilling, we're currently drilling at 9,750 feet with the TD expected to be approximately 20,000 feet on that well.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And so you have another 10,000 feet to go. So it looks like that you probably have another 60, 70 days.
Gregory Hill: Yes, at least, drilling takes longer the deeper you go, so yes.
Paul Cheng: Okay. In Eagle Ford, I know, Greg, you don't want to give too much information yet, but you talked about the IP. Can you tell us that what is the development cost and also on the 3 producing well, what's the EUR that you're expecting? And also in terms of the time that now you're doing -- in terms of the drilling time plus completion that everywhere that how long it take.
Gregory Hill: Yes, so let me just start with the EURs. Paul, we just don't have enough production under our belt to quote an EUR. Yet again, we've only got 3 wells on production, and they're in their very early production phase. So I can't quote you an EUR yet. The well costs are about $10 million each. We expect that cost to come down with time because, again, we're early in the learning curve. That's with a 15- to 21-stage frac design in those wells.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And out of the 25, 30 wells you plan for this year, how many of them will be complete and in production before the year end?
Gregory Hill: Well, we're still working all that out, Paul. That's why we gave you a range of 25 to 30 wells. We're continuing to delineate the acreage, so some of those will be exploration wells. Some of them might be vertical wells. Others will be horizontal wells for completion. So that's why we gave you a range of 25 to 30 wells.
Paul Cheng: And have you -- Greg, have you encountered any hurdle in terms of water or manpower in Eagle Ford?
Gregory Hill: No. Our partners in -- our partner in the Eagle Ford has been successful in acquiring the equipment and services that we need in a very tight market.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And in Bakken, can you tell us that what is the current development cost, the EUR, the IP and the drilling time and the completion time?
Gregory Hill: Yes, I mean, as John mentioned, we've gone to a 38-stage frac design in the Bakken. So that's a combination design where we have 22 sliding sleeve and 16 plug and perf stages to get to that 38 stages. We've actually completed 9 wells with that 38-fracture stage design. The initial results are encouraging. Average IPs are exceeding 1,000 barrels a day for the 30-day IPs. Now we're still assuming EURs of about 550,000 barrels per well. Again, we want to get more production data before we update any of our EURs, and the cost of those 38-stage wells is about $10 million. So with that much higher IP and early time production, obviously, the economics are very attractive. And then, we are working on a 38-stage sliding sleeve design, which then has the potential to reduce those costs even further and the time required to complete the well.
Paul Cheng: And when are these? What, about 40, 45 days, including drilling and the completion.
Gregory Hill: We're drilling wells -- average drilling on these wells is about 34 days. So with the plug and perf, you can add another 7 days or so to completion.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And in the 2011 production guidance that, what's the assumption of the Waha production order, the Valhall downtime, in the 375 to 385?
John Rielly: So as Greg had mentioned, we don't have a firm date when Valhall's coming back, so -- but Waha, first of all, is not in the production at all. It's shot in -- it's shut in for the rest of the year in the assumptions. Valhall, we have some downtime associated with that in there. And then obviously, as John Hess mentioned, with the Llano 3 well. It'd down for the full year, and then we've got the reduced production from the Bakken. So we think we've captured all those items in that.
Paul Cheng: No. But, John, I understand that we don't have a firm -- but I'm just asking that in that production guidance, can you share with us that what is the assumption of Valhall in that production number or even a range.
John Hess: Yes, Valhall is going to be shorter term in nature as was discussed earlier. It's not going to be for the whole year. I mean that much we feel pretty good about saying. Now how long it's going to be, that's in the hands of the government and the operator, and we've got to give them a chance to figure that out. We were just in Norway last week, so we got a pretty good update on that.
Paul Cheng: Okay. A final one. On the Upstream Magazine (sic) [Upstream Newspaper] recently that they're talking about a development project in the South Malaysia, that you guys in. Can you give us any update?
Gregory Hill: Yes. We don't really want to talk about the specifics of that. But we are in detailed and advanced discussions with our partner, PETRONAS, to expand upon our successful relationship and our position in Malaysia.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: First on Ghana, recognizing that the timeline depends on government approval and other factors, assuming everything went perfectly, when could be the first year that you would expect to see production from Ghana?
Gregory Hill: Guys, it's just too early to speculate. Again, we've got to get through our appraisal program and understand what we have before we can start planning a development.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. Second one on the Paris Basin, have you guys kind of written that off completely? Or do you still see some hope for that play longer term?
Gregory Hill: Yes, on the Paris Basin, while the new law prohibits hydraulic fracturing, it does allow for an annual review of the subject. And so our plan is to proceed with drilling some conventional vertical wells in 2010, understand what we have. And while we believe it's going to take time to work through the issues with the French government, we're confident that the drilling and completion operations can be done safely and responsibly. And so we're going to remain actively engaged with local and national stakeholders to progress the appraisal of the licenses with our partner, Toreador.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: How many conventional wells do you plan to drill that are this year?
Gregory Hill: We plan to try and drill 6.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay. With one rig?
Gregory Hill: Yes.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Societe Generale.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: A bunch of quick ones. With Ghana, you have a very high working interest. Would it be something that you would consider selling down?
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think we've said before that we look at partnering on a case-by-case basis. And we would -- if we could get an appropriate deal, we'd be interested in farming the interest down there.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Have you had any inquiries thus far?
Gregory Hill: Yes, we have. We've had a number.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Regarding the deeper target in Ghana, are we talking of pre-salt-type target?
Gregory Hill: No, it's just a very large structure, below the clastics.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Tubular Bells still on sanction for 2011?
Gregory Hill: Yes, it is. I mean the partner group has every intention to sanction that project by the end of the year.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Great. Australia, nothing was mentioned. Anything going on there?
Gregory Hill: Nothing really to update. I mean, our appraisal program is ongoing. We've so far flow tested 4 wells with results coming in as expected. We did get hurt a little bit by the heavy cyclone activity earlier this year, so that's resulted in some delays to our appraisal program. Commercial negotiations are progressing with the same potential liquefaction partners. That's Chevron, Woodside and the Northwest Shelf partnership, and we'll announce further details once we get that appraisal drilling done and finalize the liquefaction route.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. Great. With the Eagle Ford, over-pressurized area pretty much, is that fair to say?
Gregory Hill: Again, I don't want to get into too many details on the Eagle Ford yet, because we only have 3 wells on production.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Okay. It was worth a shot. Refining, why stay with it? We're seeing a lot of disintegration of late. Do you feel that you've got the cost down now with HOVENSA, John?
John Hess: Yes, it's a good question. Obviously, there have been some restructuring moves by other companies, and as you know, John, we've done a lot of work over the last 10 years to restructure our own company significantly to where we are E&P led. 88% of our capital employed is E&P with only 12% of the Marketing and Refining. And of that number, 10% is marketing and 2% is refining. So in terms of how we shape our portfolio, we feel good about where we are now. There is always room for improvement. And in terms of doing things to improve the portfolio further in terms of refining, we have and will continue to consider our strategic options, obviously, in the current environment of the refining business. We have limited options right now, even though we'll consider them. And we also have a joint venture partner that we would need to consult in any decision that we would make. So the real thing is we're trying to reconfigure the refinery to improve its financial performance with the hand that we have, run it reliably and safely and get a better return out of what we have.
John Herrlin - Societe Generale Cross Asset Research: Last one for me. Given the discussion on the Bakken marketing, should we expect a holiday train versus a truck?
John Hess: It's a good idea, and we'll take it under consideration. And I appreciate your thoughtfulness.
Operator: Your next question today comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: On your CapEx in the Bakken, how much would you say -- what percentage of your CapEx is related to kind of midstream and logistics operations, the processing and evacuating your crude out of the basin?
Gregory Hill: So just from a general standpoint, the projects that we have that I'll call our midstream and transportation is approximately $400 million of our capital in the Bakken.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And that's for the entire 5-year plan you guys laid out.
Gregory Hill: No, it's basically this year and into next year. Right.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: And that's just logistics alone.
Gregory Hill: Correct. The logistics midstream, right. Gas plants expansion, those types of things, not the drilling for the Bakken wells.
John Hess: A lot of those logistical expenditures, including the Tioga Gas Plant, are really this year and next year.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, so that number kind of floats off next year.
John Hess: Over the next 2 years, exactly.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, got you. And if I'm looking at your U.S. total upstream CapEx of kind of $1.3 billion for the year, what percentage of that is associated with the Bakken?
Gregory Hill: The majority of our CapEx right now in the U.S. is focused in the Bakken at this point.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay, fair enough. And if I'm looking at your refining results -- I think I may have missed this in your prepared remarks, but it sounds like a loss was related to the expenses associated with reconfiguring the plant. So in theory, if I take those expenses out, would the losses have been more narrow or less in nature?
Gregory Hill: No, again, as John has mentioned, so we began to get some of the benefits of reconfiguration just at the tail end of the second quarter. So we're beginning to see in July that we, as John said, we're currently profitable in July. So there were some costs, but the real big thing that we were hit with was the higher fuel costs in the second quarter. So yes, I would say from a reliability and running at the full 350 case, that's where we're going to get the benefit from it, and we'll start to see that in the third quarter.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay and then last question for me. The trading results, negative $23 million in the quarter. Can you discuss what drove that loss?
John Rielly: No, it is nothing -- we don't get into the individual trading strategies. Again, the trading operations, they've been profitable 13 out of the last 14 years. So again, the first quarter, basically, we had almost $20 million of earnings there with $23 million loss this quarter. So we're around breakeven right now, but we don't get into specifics on the portfolio.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: Okay. Is that more of a mark-to-market number that was around? Is that why you see the loss from time to time?
John Rielly: The trading is -- the trading activities are mark-to-market.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Katherine Minyard with JPMorgan.
Katherine Minyard: Just a couple of quick questions. Can I just clarify one of the responses from Greg Hill on some of the Bakken data? Did you say 550,000 barrels EUR per well? Or is that per lateral?
Gregory Hill: Yes, that's per lateral.
Katherine Minyard: Okay. All right, great. And then just a quick question on marketing. This looks like it's the first profitable second quarter in a number of years. I'm just curious as to whether that's an anomaly. Or is there a business mix shift? Or are we seeing a smoothing of some of the seasonal cyclicality that we've seen over the last several years?
Gregory Hill: No, our Energy Marketing business has been strong and it continues to be strong on a quarter-to-quarter basis. As John mentioned, our natural gas and electricity volumes were up on Energy Marketing. Now as he also did mention, in the quarter, we did benefit from improved retail margins in the quarter. So retail marketing had a strong quarter.
Katherine Minyard: Okay, great. And then just quickly the Gulf of Mexico, any update on the exploration outlook? Any timing that you guys are thinking about as you look at your Gulf of Mexico portfolio?
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think on the Gulf of Mexico, we've applied for a couple of permits in the Gulf of Mexico. That's Nestdeep [ph] and Heron. We've joined, obviously, both the Helix and the Marine Well Containment Company to gain the required spill response capabilities, and we plan to resume exploratory activities in the deepwater as soon as practicable, subject to our receiving permits and rig availability.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Edward Westlake with Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: Just a very quick follow-up. Obviously, it's been a volatile year with a number of unforeseen events, a lot of it outside your control. I'm just wondering if there's any update to -- normally you give full year guidance for sort of cash costs, DD&A and total costs.
John Rielly: Yes, well, good question. Thanks for asking that. We are not changing our guidance on our unit costs. So the guidance that I gave out on the prior call, which was for cash costs were $18 to $19 per barrel. We're right now for half of the year at $18.47, so that guidance remains the same. Our DD&A rate for the first half was $15.62 per barrel and our guidance remains $15.50 to $16.50 per barrel.
Operator: Our final question today is a follow-up from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: John Rielly, what was the volumetric overlift in the second quarter per the earnings impact you cited?
John Rielly: Sure. It was approximately 750,000 barrels and the countries that for the most part contributed to that were the U.K., Norway and Egypt.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John Hess - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Hill - Executive Vice President, President of Worldwide Exploration & Production and Director Jay Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch Paul Cheng Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc. Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2011 Hess Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Modesta and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Modesta. Good morning everyone, and thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal security laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments, after which John Rielly will review our financial results.  Net income for the first quarter of 2011 was $929 million, including a $310 million gain on the sale of assets versus $538 million a year ago. Our earnings were positively impacted by higher crude oil selling prices, which more than offset the impact of lower production volumes and higher exploration expense.  Exploration and Production earned $979 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 399,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 6% below the year-ago quarter. This decrease resulted primarily from the loss of production from Libya and the previously announced sale of mature natural gas assets in the United Kingdom.  In terms of our in 2011 production forecast, we believe the implementation of U.S. and international sanctions make it prudent to assume production from Libya will remain suspended for the balance of the year, resulting in a 20,000-barrel per day reduction in our forecast. In addition, a shut-in well at the outside operated Llano field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and PSC effects of related to higher oil prices combine to further reduce our forecast by 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We now forecast 2011 net production to average between 385,000 and 395,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, versus our previous forecast of 415,000 to 425,000 of barrels oil equivalent per day.  In North Dakota, net production from the Bakken averaged 25,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the first quarter. We are currently operating an 18-rig program and focusing most of our drilling on the acreage we acquired last year from American Oil & Gas and TRZ Energy. In South Texas, we have drilled seven wells in the Eagle Ford. We have completed two of these wells and expect to commence production in the second quarter. In total, we plan to grow about 25 Eagle Ford wells in 2011 and we continue to add acreage in the play.  In France, a political debate regarding hydraulic fracturing has delayed our drilling program in the Paris Basin. We are actively engaged with local and national stakeholders. While we believe it will take time to work through the issues, we are confident that the drilling and completion operations can be done safely and responsibly.  In Australia, appraisal activities are continuing on our 100% owned WA-390-P permit and commercial discussions with potential partners are ongoing. In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we continue to advance our Tubular Bells development, where we are operator and have a 40% working interest. Last week, we signed a letter of award to process production from the field at a third-party owned SPAR facility. Project Sanction is anticipated to occur later this year. We also continue to progress the engineering and design work for the Pony/Knotty Head Field and expect to sanction the project in 2012.  In addition, we have joined the Marine Well Containment Company, and also the Helix Well Containment Group to enable us have access to both oil spill response capabilities to conduct drilling operations in deepwater Gulf of Mexico.  With regard to exploration, we thought it appropriate to provide an update on the Paradise prospect in Ghana. As we have previously commented, we are drilling this prospect in 6,038 feet of water on the deepwater Tano Cape Three points block. Hess is carrying 100% of the well costs and has a 90% working interest. The Ghana National Petroleum Corporation has the remaining 10% interest.  While results are preliminary, intermediate wire line logs indicate that we have thus far encountered 370 feet of net hydrocarbon pay in 2 separate intervals. Our current plan is to drill an additional 1,100 feet to test a third stratigraphic interval, reaching a total depth of approximately 16,400 feet.  In Egypt, drilling of the Cherry prospect in the North Red Sea was recently completed resulting in a dry hole. Hess is operator and has an 80% working interest in the block. We will evaluate the results of the Cherry well to determine future plans for the block. We are currently negotiating an agreement with another operator to farm out the Stena Forth drillship through to October this year.  In Indonesia, we plan to spud the Andalan well on the Semai V block in the second quarter. Hess has a 100% working interest in the block. In Brunei, the operator of Block CA-1, in which Hess has a 13.5% interest, intends to commence exploration drilling in the third quarter.  Turning to Refining and Marketing. We reported net income of $39 million for the first quarter of 2011. Financial results at our HOVENSA joint venture refinery came in slightly better than the year-ago quarter. During the first quarter, HOVENSA completed a reconfiguration of the refinery which reduced distillation capacity to 350,000 barrels per day from 500,000 barrels per day. This action will allow the refinery to produce a greater percentage of higher margin products and reduce operating cost and capital expenditures. Marketing earnings were lower in the first quarter last year. Retail Marketing faced rising wholesale prices during the first quarter which put pressure on fuel margins. Gasoline volumes on a per-site basis were down approximately 2%, while total convenience store sales were up nearly 1%. Our Energy Marketing business delivered strong operating results, but earnings were lower than last year's first quarter. Solid operating performance, higher commodity prices and a new 5-year $4 billion revolving credit facility have strengthened our financial position. We remain committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet to fund our future investment opportunities and profitably grow our reserves and production.  I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, John. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare first quarter of 2011 results to the fourth quarter of 2010.  The corporation generated consolidated net income of $929 million in the first quarter of 2011, compared with $58 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Excluding items affecting the comparability of earnings between periods, the corporation had earnings of $619 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with $398 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production operations had income of $979 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with $420 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. The first quarter of 2011 results included after-tax gain of $310 million related to the sale of the corporation's interest in certain natural gas-producing assets in the United Kingdom North Sea. Fourth quarter 2010 results included an after-tax charge of $51 million from items affecting the comparability of earnings between periods.  Excluding the effect of these items, the changes in the after-tax components of the results are as follows: Higher selling prices increased earnings by $231 million; lower operating costs, principally DD&A increased income by $25 million; higher exploration expense decreased earnings by $48 million; all other items net to a decrease in earnings of $10 million, or an overall increase in first quarter adjusted earnings of $198 million. Our E&P operations were over-lifted compared with production resulting in increased after-tax income in the quarter of approximately $25 million. The E&P effective income tax rate for the first quarter of 2011 was 42%, excluding items affecting the comparability of earnings between periods. In March 2011, the government of the United Kingdom proposed increasing the supplementary tax on petroleum operations by an additional 12%. This supplementary tax is expected to be enacted in the third quarter and will be effective from March 24, 2011. As a result, we expect to record a charge in the third quarter that will include a provision representing the incremental tax on earnings from the effective date to the date of enactment and a charge to adjust the deferred tax liability in the U.K. Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining operations generated income of $39 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with a loss of $261 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Fourth quarter 2010 results included an after-tax impairment charge of $289 million to reduce the carrying value of our equity investment in HOVENSA. Refining losses were $48 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with $19 million in the fourth quarter of 2010, excluding the impact of the impairment. The corporation's losses from its equity investment in HOVENSA were $48 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with $30 million in the fourth quarter of last year, excluding the impairment.  Fort Redding reported earnings of $2 million in the first quarter of 2011, down from $11 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Marketing earnings were $68 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with $37 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Trading activities generated income of $19 million in the first quarter of 2011, compared with $10 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Turning to Corporate and Interest. Net Corporate expenses were $28 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with $43 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. After-tax interest expense was $61 million in the first quarter of 2011 compared with $58 million in the fourth quarter of 2010. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter, including a decrease of $325 million from changes in working capital was $1,135,000,000. Capital expenditures were $1,082,000,000. Proceeds from the sale of the United Kingdom gas producing assets were $359 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $52 million resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the first quarter of $360 million. We had $1,968,000,000 of cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2011, and $1,608,000,000 at December 31, 2010. Our available revolving credit capacity was $3 billion at March 31, 2011. In April, we established the new five-year revolving credit agreement, which increased our credit facility to $4 billion. Total debt was $5,552,000,000 at March 31, 2011, and $5,583,000,000 at December 31, 2010. The corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at March 31, 2011, was 23.5% compared with 24.9% at the end of 2010. I would like to update our 2011 guidance for certain metrics in light of recent events, including the suspension of Libyan production. The anticipated loss of Libyan production for the remainder of 2011 will raise our unit costs and lower our effective tax rate, but it is not expected to have a significant adverse impact to net income and cash flow. Our new guidance for unit costs for the full year is $33.50 to $35.50 per barrel, up from our previous guidance of $29.50 to $31.50 per barrel. E&P cash operating costs are now expected to be in the range of $18 to $19 per barrel. And depreciation, depletion and amortization expenses are expected to be in the range of $15.50 to $16.50 per barrel. The higher unit costs are due to the expected loss of low-cost Libyan barrels, but also include the effect of increases in commodity price-driven production taxes in other geographical areas.  Our new guidance for our 2011 E&P effective tax rate is 38% to 42%, down from our previous guidance of 45% to 49%. The lower tax rate guidance reflects the absence of Libyan production, taxed at an effective rate of 93.5%. And the effect of the proposed higher U.K. supplementary tax on oil and gas operations.  This concludes my remarks, we will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question today comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Thank you. I've got a couple of questions, if I can, obviously, the first one on the great news you've had in Ghana, but also Egypt. Is it possible to just give us a little bit of an update on the prognosis of these two areas, and specifically in Ghana? Obviously, or at least I believe, this is not a stratigraphic play, could you talk there for about the potential scale of the opportunity of the structural -- is it a channel sign? What are we talking about in terms of potential pre-drill prospects [ph] now that you're actually halfway through this thing. Any update would be appreciated. And I have a follow-up.
Gregory Hill: Thanks, Doug. This is Greg Hill. First thing I want to do is just emphasize what John said. The results are preliminary on the well. Your next steps are to finish drilling the well, then evaluate all the data out of the well. So that includes wire line logs, MDT sample pods, et cetera, and then work with the government on the next step. So, Doug, it's just too early to speculate on how big what not. The thing I will say is it was a structural play, I mean that was the location that we picked, it was the structural play.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Can you tell us what the hydrocarbons you referred to are? Are you talking liquids?
John Hess: We don't know yet, Doug. We're just getting -- we're just literally pulling the sample pods last night.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay so it's that recent. What about Egypt, Greg? You've obviously pushed the rig out, it looks like till September, you've got a lot of prospects there. Anything you can tell us there or is this still too early?
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think on Egypt the prospect that we were targeting was oil in the Cretaceous and Nubian sandstone within a three-way closure. And that's a complex wristed system there. And frankly, the Nubian was just not present in the well. So while we experienced some gas shows through the Miocene, it was noncommercial. I think given this, Doug, we'll take a step back, we'll study all our results from the well and then figure out next step for the block, because there are a lot of additional prospects on the block. John mentioned in his remarks, the plan is to farm out the rig to another operator. So she'll be heading out of the Northern Red Sea.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great stuff. And my follow-up is really just on the unconventionals in the U.S. Bakken and Eagle Ford, I guess Eagle Ford specifically, the seven wells, can you give us any kind of indication as to the results you've had there? And in the Bakken, to interpret John's comments correctly, are we now basically off the geological program for the time being in order to look up each TTA [ph]. Or a little bit of color there and maybe on production guidance in the Bakken for this year will be appreciated. And I'll leave it there.
John Hess: Okay. So let me talk to the Bakken first. So the Bakken is proceeding as planned. As John mentioned, we have an 18-rig program. We expect to average 40,000 barrels a day this year. And as John did mention in his opening remarks, the primary objective is HBB to get that new acreage help by production. So therefore, for the next 18 months, Doug, our program is going to be primarily single laterals with those 18 rigs. Your question on the Eagle Ford, we got seven wells down. We're pleased with the results. We have a couple wells completed. They won't be on production until early May. So we don't have any production results yet, but the logs are encouraging.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: With the changes that we've seen in the U.K. and Libya, and even I guess you could say Ghana, could you talk a little bit about your CapEx for the year, which I think is running behind guidance? I'm really thinking of any potential shifts that you might be considering and where you spend and how much you spend? Thanks.
John Rielly: It's still a little early in the year. I mean, as you could see, you're saying -- running behind guidance but it's really kind of in accordance with our plan. And there were some ramping up as we go through the year. So typically as usual, we'll update guidance on our next quarter conference call.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Fair enough. And is there any more on the sales of disposals? Can you give an indication of what you may be doing in terms of the portfolio over the rest of the year? You've been very active, obviously, over the past year or so. I just wondered if there will be a continuation that kind of activity? Or are you thinking you're settling into the acid-base you've got?
John Rielly: What we'll do, Paul is -- I mean it's a typical portfolio pruning [ph], we'll look at what assets that may fit with other's portfolio as compared to ours. The things that you may have heard or have been announced in the marketplace besides our U.K. gas assets down the first quarter is we have come to an agreement on Cook and McCour [ph] in the U.K. And also we have a small interest in the Snorfield [ph], which we've also come to an agreement on selling. At this point right now, that's all we have on our plate.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And then finally for me just to be very near term. When can we expect something from Ghana news flow-wise, I'm thinking of when you hit TV and all the rest of it? Thanks.
Gregory Hill: Yes, thanks, Paul. We've got about 1,100 feet to drill to TD. So we're currently at about 15 3, we're going down to 16 4. We've got at least another two weeks of drilling and logging to go before we'll be at bottom.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Just have several quick question. John, when you're talking about -- I know that it's a little bit early, you're not going to give that new budget number, but what is the budget number for Libya for region only?
John Rielly: The amount of capital in Libya really is just not that significant that we have been planning in the budget. So again, there will be ins and outs in our CapEx budget program, but Libya was not a big piece of it.
Paul Cheng: So when you say not a big piece, it's less than a $100 million, less than $200 million, any rough number?
John Rielly: It's less than $100 million.
Paul Cheng: Less than $100 million. Okay. And then for Greg. Greg, the Eagle Ford, you said you finished, or you drilled seven well. I know that you don't have the data because none of them are in the production, but can you give us that -- what is your target estimate for those well? And ultimately, where you think that you can get to in terms of the cost per well, the type of resource per well? And if there's any IPO or any kind of data that you can help us.
Gregory Hill: Yes, Paul, again, it's still pretty early in the Eagle Ford. So until we get the wells on production and CIP rates and all that, I can't really talk about resource estimates. I will say again, the logs have been very encouraging. And as far as the wells we have drilled, they've cost us on average about $10 million including hookup costs. That's a round number for what they're going to cost.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And that so far from what you see, have you seen anything significantly different than what the other industry data out there in the Eagle Ford area?
Gregory Hill: No, Paul, it's pretty much come in as prognosed.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And this is for John. For Energy Marketing, if my recollection or calculation is correct, in the first quarter last year, you're probably making maybe about $100 million $120 million. And it does looks like that is much lower in this quarter. Wondering that if any rough number that you can share? And also given how cold it was in the first quarter, so it seems to be a little bit surprising that you didn't make at least similar to what it was in the first quarter of last year. Any light insight that you can help us?
John Rielly: The insight I can give you is really in the first quarter of last year. There were some very good spot margin opportunities kind of that we had with Energy Marketing. And so we were able to take advantage of certain activities there in the first quarter of last year. And we're kind of unique to that quarter versus this quarter. As John has mentioned, it was a solid operating performance from Energy Marketing, pretty much in line what we're looking at. But we had just some higher margin in the first quarter of last year.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I would compliment that. Just -- you're absolutely right. From a degree day perspective, our sales were very comparable on gas, good electric margins as well, and oil held its own. Even though more of it was gas-driven. So I'd say on an operating basis, you're 100% right. It was very comparable. There are just a few the accounting adjustments on timing in there that mismatched the, if you will, economic results with the accounting results. That happens from quarter-to-quarter. But operationally, it was very comparable to the year ago.
Paul Cheng: John, can you share with us that how much is Energy Marketing make last year as a whole?
John Hess: No, we don't breakout individually within the segment, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And then final question for Greg. That I know as early as, now they're trying to just finish the Paradise well drilling. Any idea that the mixed well, just the current thinking, is more now going to do an appraisal well first? Or what are you going to drill for the new prospect?
Gregory Hill: It's too early to say, Paul. I mean, obviously, our plans have to be worked with the government. So we'll be in conversations with the government over the next month, month and a half to figure out next steps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: I guess I had a couple of things. Greg, can you talk about the specific horizons which you encountered in the Ghana well?
Gregory Hill: Yes, the two horizons that we did in Ghana that John mentioned in his opening remarks over the Turonian and the Cenomanian. And then we're deepening ourselves to try and tap into the Albian below that.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. Just shifting to the Bakken for a second. Is there anything that you might be able to share with us in terms of recent drilling results on the new acreage blocks? And how it might compare to the work you've done in the area up to this point?
Gregory Hill: Yes, Mark, surprised to say that the wells that we have drilled on the new acreage have met or exceeded our expectations. Just let me give you an update, just on kind of the costs in the Bakken right now. Single laterals are about $7.5 million. EURs are averaging about 550,000 barrels per lateral. And our 30-day average IP rates are averaging between 700 and 750 barrels a day per lateral. So those are from 18 to 22 stage frac wells.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: And you've seen similar results on the American acreage?
Gregory Hill: Yes, similar or better.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. John Rielly, I'm a little bit puzzled, I guess, by the tax rate guidance which you suggested in light of the mix. It just seems a little bit low with the Norwegian effective rates being as high as they are. The obvious increase in the waiting as a result of recent portfolio transactions, as well as the 12.5% increase on the U.K. side. Can you help me understand that a little bit?
John Rielly: Mark, I think you said it, it does come down the mix. So while we do operate in some higher tax rate regimes, as you mentioned, we do also operate a number of regimes that the tax rates below our overall effective rate. And so basically without Libya, which was driving that rate up, our tax rate comes down.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: So there's nothing else, it's just a mix?
John Rielly: It's just mix. Correct.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Finally, for John Hess. John, can we at all look at the first quarter HOVENSA results as substantially reflecting the benefits of the reconfiguration? Or should we look at it as a transition quarter? I guess I'm trying to figure out whether or not on a variable cost basis, HOVENSA is or is not profitable in an environment similar to the first quarter.
John Hess: No. I would say look forward to the next quarter. There were a couple of issues. We had a distillate desulfurizer that had a fire. That was out of capacity. We had one or two problems with sulfur units. So we also had the transition of the reductions in workforce and capital programs going forward. So hopefully starting in the second quarter, we'll be smoother sailing.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: One final one for me. It looks like you might have sold some retail stations in the first quarter, was that true? And was there any significant gain or proceeds associated with it?
John Hess: Those are a couple of marginal stations. And just like in Exploration and Production, we upgrade our portfolio from time to time. There's some pruning going on in our Retail business and that's the normal course of activity.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: If I can sneak in one on the lifting. Can you give me an idea, John Rielly, where the lifting variants occurred and what the volume element was?
John Rielly: Sure. So I'm just taking Libya out of the picture. We were over-lifted by approximately 1 million barrels in the first quarter. And the primary contributors were the U.K., Norway and Denmark.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov with Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Thanks. Just two quick ones. First on Andalan, it seems to be a little bit delayed in terms of spudding, can you talk about that?
John Rielly: Yes. Thanks for that Pavel. The rig is showing up late for Murphy. So that's the only issue. We are just waiting on the rig for Murphy. In May, early June is our projected date at this point.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates, Inc.: Okay, great. And then on Libya, do you have a sense of the physical state of your assets? Is there any physical damage that you're aware of or is it just a matter of getting the people back to work as soon as the situation stabilizes?
Gregory Hill: No. We really have no information where we could give you a meaningful update at this time. And that's, I think, pretty understandable given the civil strife that's going on there.
Operator: Your next question today comes from the line of Edward Westlake with Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: For Ghana. I've got two questions for Ghana, if I may. The first one is, can you give us any feeling for the aerial expanse of the actual structure that you're drilling? Obviously, in the next field block you've got structures that Teak [ph] is 20 kilometers but Mahogany is 120, and Twin [ph] is even bigger. That would be very helpful.
Gregory Hill: Thanks, Ed. No, we just can't yet. It's just, again, it's too preliminary to be talking about size. On Ghana obviously, that'll part of any evaluation program or appraisal program which we'll have to discuss with the government before we proceed.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: My follow-up on Ghana is I think you just said Greg that you're aiming tap into the Albian below, obviously the Albian's been very productive in Brazil. So am I interpreting your comments correctly that you actually get some understanding of that reservoir as well in this well?
Gregory Hill: Yes, that's the sedimentary section of the Albian. There's a carbonate section below that, which we don't plan to drill into at this point.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: I'm presuming your comment about needing to work to the government as to when you could drill the carbonate section, also applies?
Gregory Hill: Yes, absolutely.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: Okay. Can I just switch to another country, Australia. Obviously you've had lots of discoveries in your appraising. There's been a shift in sentiment towards it being more of a sellers market in LNG. Woodside I think are making some positive comments about your gas out there and contributing to Pluto. At this stage, is it possible to talk about reserve estimates and any estimated timing on when you might contribute into a Pluto L&G expansion?
Gregory Hill: Yes, thanks, Ed. Just give to you an update on the Australia. We've completed and praised the work on three wells now. And we're drilling a fourth appraisal well. And we've had good results of the appraisal program so far. So what I mean by that, no contaminants in the gas and good flow rates from the wells. And in parallel, of course, as I've discussed before, we've got negotiations with several potential liquefaction partners and we've made no decisions on where that gas is going to go yet because we're still in the midst of all the commercial discussions. And once we complete the appraisal drilling and finalize the liquefaction route, then we'll announce further details.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: Great. And any sort of timing do you think on that? Or it's just too early to say?
Gregory Hill: It's too early to say. Appraisal will take us through this year because we've had weather impacts due to cyclones. It's been a tough cyclone year down there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question today comes from the line of John Herrlin with Socit Gnrale.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Three quick ones. With Ghana, Greg, can you address the trap morphology set of structurals. Is it the combination trap or are there stratigraphic elements? Could you describe it a little more?
John Rielly: Yes, we think it's primarily a structural trap at this point.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Does that mean a four-way? A three-way?
Gregory Hill: Three-way.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay, fine. For John Rielly , how much of the deferred tax charge are you going to take in the third quarter? Any ballpark?
John Rielly: It's not going to be that material. But we're still working on the numbers, we're looking at the legislation. So we'll update you in the second quarter. From an operational standpoint, the tax is included in that tax rate guidance that I gave you.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Assumed. Great. Last one for me is on the Bakken. You're very active. Any equipment issues? And also, what are you seeing in terms of your base in differentials on price for the well?
Gregory Hill: Yes, let me talk about the equipment. We're locked and loaded, ready to go. So we've got our 18 rigs secured. Recall, we had the 10 rigs already under a 5-year contract along with associate [ph] crews. We're currently in the tender rounds for the majority of the AOG and tracker rigs. Don't foresee any issues or problems there. In terms of differentials, it was clear booked $3 under WTI. Now $3 over WTI.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Greg, just another quick one on the Red Sea block, you mentioned a number of prospects, are they of a different play type?
Gregory Hill: No, there's actually two plays there, Mark. One is this Nubian sandstone, the other one is Miocene sandstone. Although, there's two distinct plays, our second well was going to be in that second type of play which was the Miocene play. We've just said, "Let's circle the wagon. Let's understand all the data from the well before we proceed on another well."
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Edward Westlake with Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: Yes, just a follow-up on the Eagle Ford. I know it's very early but at this point, is it possible to give sort of a rough estimate of where production might be sort of 2013, 2014?
Gregory Hill: Not yet, Ed. I'd like to get a few completions on production before I do that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng: Thank you. Greg, in the Bakken, your unit train going to start up in the first quarter. There's some concern, I think, in the industry that whether even if you have the unit train from your end, St. James [ph] the receiving end, whether we'll be able to handle more on the unit ring. Any comment on that? Or that St. James will not be able to handle, you have the west play [ph], now the other destination that your unit train will be able get to?
Gregory Hill: Initially the unit train, the train will go to St. James and we do not --best of my knowledge anticipate any problems on that timing.
Paul Cheng: John, do you think that St. James when you start up you will be able to absorb what -- I mean, your capacity is up to 120,000 barrels per day. Obviously, it's really based on the spread and whether you see economic to do that much. But what is to St. James capacity that you think you would be able to ship to at the maximum?
John Hess: We're going to start in small pieces. So I would rather get a little experience under our belt before we start making estimates for that, Paul. I understand why you're asking, were just happy that we're going to have a third outlet. So we're going to be able to optimize our marketing differentials because of that.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our Q&A portion of the call, which does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-01-26 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John Hess - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Hill - Executive Vice President, President of Worldwide Exploration & Production and Director Jay Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley John Patrick Moore Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch Sven Del Pozzo - John S. Herold Paul Cheng Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Hess Corporation Fourth Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Fab, and I'll be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Fab. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I would like to review key achievements for 2010 and provide some guidance for 2011. Greg Hill will then discuss our exploration production business, and John Rielly will go through our financial results.  Corporate net income for the full year 2010 was $2.1 billion. Exploration and Production earned $2.7 billion, and Marketing and Refining loss, $231 million. Our improved results reflect higher crude oil production and selling prices and increased retail and energy marketing earnings, which more than offset the impact of weaker refining results. Included in our financial results is a provision of $289 million to reduce the carrying value of our interest in the HOVENSA joint venture refinery to $158 million. This write-down, which reflects our outlook for continued weakness in refining margins, reduces our share of the HOVENSA joint venture refinery to less than 1% of Hess' capital employed. In 2011, our company's capital and exploratory expenditures are budgeted to be $5.6 billion. Substantially, all of our spending will be targeted to exploration production, with $3.1 billion for production, $1.6 billion for developments and $900 million for exploration. We expect to fund our capital program from internally generated cash flow. With regards to Exploration and Production, in 2010, we replaced 176% of production at an FD&A cost of about $23 per barrel. At year-end, our proved reserves stood at 1.54 billion barrels of oil equivalent, and our reserve life was 9.9 years. In 2010, we increased our crude oil and natural gas production to 418,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day from 408,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2009. In 2011, we forecast crude oil and natural gas production will average between 415,000 and 425,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This forecast includes a net reduction of about 16,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, resulting from the previously announced sale of non-core natural gas assets in the U.K. North Sea, which is expected now to close in the first quarter. Last year, we expanded our portfolio of unconventional resources. In the Bakken oil shale play in North Dakota, we completed the acquisitions of America Oil & Gas and TRZ Energy and commenced the expansion of key infrastructure. In addition, we acquired acreage in the Eagle Ford in South Texas and formed a partnership with Toreador Resources to explore the unconventional oil potential of the Paris Basin in France. In Norway, we increased our interest in the Valhall field to 64% from 28% via strategic asset trade with Shell and an acquisition from Total. In the Gulf of Mexico, we doubled our working interest in the Tubular Bells field to 40% and took over as operator. In 2011, we will be working with our partners to move this project towards sanction.  With regard to Marketing and Refining, our full year 2010 financial results were lower than 2009. Our HOVENSA joint venture refinery was negatively impacted by the continued weak margin environment, higher year-over-year fuel costs and unplanned downtime. In addition, both HOVENSA and our Port Redding New Jersey facility completed FCC turnarounds in 2010. This morning, HOVENSA announced that it would reduce crude oil distillation capacity to 350,000 barrels per day from 500,000 barrels per day by shutting down older, less efficient units. We expect this action will reduce HOVENSA's operating costs and capital expenditures and make it a more competitive and efficient refinery, producing a greater percentage of high-margin products.  In Retail Marketing, 2010 convenience store sales were up by more than 4%, while average fuel volumes per station were down by 1%. In Energy Marketing, we generated stronger earnings primarily as a result of improved margins in our natural gas and electricity businesses. Our financial position remains strong. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio at year-end was 24.9%, essentially unchanged from 2009. In 2010 August, we issued $1.25 billion of 30-year notes. Proceeds were used for the acquisitions of an additional 8% stake in the Valhall field from Total and TRZ Energy. In December, we issued 8.6 million shares of stock to complete the acquisition of American Oil & Gas. Our company made significant progress in 2010 in increasing our reserves and production and building our position in unconventional resources. We are committed to maintaining a strong balance sheet so that we will be able to fund our portfolio of attractive investment opportunities to generate long-term profitable growth for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill.
Gregory Hill: Thank you, John. Let me begin with production. In 2010, crude oil and natural gas production averaged 418,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was up 2.5% versus 2009. This production growth was underpinned by the Bakken, the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico and better operating performance across the portfolio. In 2010, we added proved reserves of 274 million barrels of oil equivalent at an FD&A cost of about $23 per barrel of oil equivalent, yielding a reserve replacement ratio of 176% and an R/P ratio of 9.9. Including this year's results, our five-year average reserve replacement ratio is 169%, and our average FD&A cost is about $18 per barrel of oil equivalent. As John mentioned in his remarks, 2010 was very active in terms of rebalancing the portfolio. Unconventional resources are becoming an increasing proportion of our mix and are commanding a significant part of our 2011 investment program.  In 2011, we plan to invest about $1.8 billion in the Bakken oil shale play in North Dakota, where we currently hold more than 900,000 net acres. On average, we expect to have 18 rigs operating in 2011. We will also continue to invest in infrastructure, including the construction of a new crude oil rail loading and storage terminal, which is expected to be completed in the first half of 2012. In addition, we are expanding our Tioga Gas Plant to 250 million cubic feet per day from 100 million cubic feet per day, with completion expected in the second half of 2013. With the acquisitions of American Oil & Gas and TRZ Energy completed, we intend to utilize the combination of both single and dual lateral wells to get core acreage held by production and to optimize the development of the field.  In 2010, net Bakken production averaged 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, and we exited the year at our target rate of 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, excluding production from the American Oil & Gas and TRZ Energy acreage. In 2011, net production is expected to average about 40,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Later this year, after we have drilled some additional wells and analyzed the data on the American Oil & Gas and TRZ acreage, we will update our longer-term production forecast.  In the Eagle Ford shale play in South Texas, we acquired about 90,000 net acres in 2010, primarily focused in the condensate window. We have already drilled three wells and results thus far have been encouraging, with good shows and log response. Over the course of the year, we plan to drill an additional 15 wells. In the Paris Basin in France, we plan to spud our first well toward the end of the first quarter. Our 2011 program will consist of six exploration wells and will include extensive data collection and testing.  We have also been very active in China. In 2010, we signed a joint study with PetroChina to evaluate a tight oil plan at Daqing Field, the largest oilfield in China. That study is now complete, and we are in discussions with PetroChina about expanding this study area to include other unconventional opportunities. In addition, last week, we signed two joint study agreements with Sinopec involving other unconventional opportunities in China.  To summarize, we are pleased with the progress we have made in building our unconventional portfolio. We will continue to evaluate expansion of our existing positions and pursue new unconventional plays, both domestically and internationally. Our capital program in 2011 also includes further investment in Valhall, where we continue redevelopment; the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, where we continue to advance the development of the Pony and Tubular Bells fields; and in Australia, where we continue appraisal of Block Western Australia 390-P.  Now let me turn to our exploration program. In Brazil, the Sabia-1 well and Block BM-S-22 encountered non-commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. As a result, we expensed both the Sabia and Azulo wells in the fourth quarter. We will continue to analyze the data from the three wells drilled, and we'll work with the ANP and our partners Exxon Mobil and Petrobras to determine next steps for evaluation of the block. At the end of December, we spud a well on our Cherry prospect on Northern Red Sea Block 1, in which Hess has an 80% working interest. The well is expected to be completed late first quarter, and a second well is planned on the block immediately following completion of drilling at Cherry. In Ghana, we plan to spud a well on our Tano Deepwater Cape Three Points south block in February. In Indonesia, we plan to begin drilling on our Semai V block in late February or early March, depending upon rig arrival from Murphy. In Brunei, where Hess has a 13.5% working interest on Block CA-1, the operator, Total, is planning to spud the first of several wells during the third quarter.  In closing, I'm once again very pleased with the performance of BP in 2010. We delivered strong operating performance, maintained solid cost discipline, continued to advance our portfolio of material exploration and development opportunities and strengthened our growth options for the future. Thank you. Now I'll hand the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare fourth quarter 2010 results to the third quarter. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $58 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared with $1,154,000,000 in the third quarter. Excluding the items affecting the comparability of earnings between periods, the corporation had earnings of $398 million in the fourth quarter compared with $429 million in the third quarter.  Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production operations had income of $420 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared with $1,277,000,000 in the third quarter. The fourth quarter results include an after-tax charge of $51 million related to dry hole cost associated with the Azulo exploration well located offshore Brazil on Block BM-S-22. The costs related to this well, which were previously suspended in 2009, were expensed in the fourth quarter of 2010 following the unsuccessful Sabia well.  Third quarter results included net after-tax income of $725 million from items affecting comparability of earnings between periods. Excluding the effect of these matters, the changes in the after-tax components of the results are as follows: Higher selling prices increased earnings by $99 million; lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $146 million; increased cash costs reduced earnings by $32 million; increased depreciation reduced earnings by $16 million; all other items net to an increase in earnings of $14 million; for an overall decrease in fourth quarter adjusted earnings of $81 million.  In the fourth quarter of 2010, our E&P operations were under-lifted compared with production, resulting in decreased after-tax income in the quarter of approximately $50 million. In addition, earnings were lower in the fourth quarter by approximately $17 million due to deliveries of natural gas to settle take-or-pay obligations at the JDA for volumes previously paid for by the buyers at a lower price. All take-or-pay obligations with the buyers at the JDA have now been settled. The E&P effective income tax rate was 44% for the quarter and the full year of 2010.  Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining operations generated a loss of $261 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared with a loss of $38 million in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter of 2010, we have recorded an after-tax impairment charge of $289 million to reduce the carrying value of our equity investment in HOVENSA to the estimated fair value. Excluding the impact of this impairment, refining losses were $19 million in the fourth quarter compared with $50 million in the previous quarter. The corporation's share of HOVENSA's results of operations was an after-tax loss of $30 million in the fourth quarter compared with $51 million in the third quarter. During the fourth quarter, HOVENSA reduced LIFO inventories. The effect of the LIFO inventory liquidation was to improve the corporation's share of HOVENSA's results by approximately $34 million after income taxes.  Port Redding reported income of $11 million in the fourth quarter, up from $2 million in the third quarter. Marketing earnings were $37 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared with $40 million in the prior quarter. Trading activities generated income of $10 million in the fourth quarter compared with a loss of $28 million in the third quarter.  Turning to Corporate and Interest. Net corporate expenses were $43 million in the fourth quarter of 2010 compared with $26 million in the third quarter. Net corporate expenses were higher in the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting the timing of expenses, including insurance costs and pension plan settlement charges related to employee retirements, partially offset by an increase in the effective state income tax rate. After-tax interest expense was $58 million in the fourth quarter compared with $59 million in the third quarter.  Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter, including an increase of $444 million from changes in working capital, was $1,478,000,000. Capital expenditures were $2,341,000,000. All other items amounted to an increase in cash of $118 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $745 million. We had $1,608,000,000 of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2010, and $1,362,000,000 at December 31, 2009. Our available revolving credit capacity was $3 billion at December 31, 2010. Total debt was $5,583,000,000 at December 31, 2010, and $4,467,000,000 at December 31, 2009. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at December 31, 2010, was 24.9% compared with 24.8% at the end of 2009.  In addition to the 2011 production and capital expenditure guidance given by John Hess, I would like to provide estimates for certain 2011 metrics. Our E&P cash operating costs are expected to be in the range of $15 to $16 per barrel of oil equivalent produced. Depreciation, depletion and amortization charges are expected to be in the range of $14.50 to $15.50 per barrel for a total production unit cost of $29.50 to $31.50 per barrel. Actual 2010 total production unit costs were $28.96 per barrel. For the full year of 2011, we expect our E&P effective tax rate to be in the range of 45% to 49%. Net corporate expenses in 2011 are estimated to be in the range of $165 million to $175 million, and after-tax interest expense in 2011 is anticipated to be in the range of $240 million to $250 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question will come from the line of Jeff Dietert from Simmons.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: I was wondering if you could talk about some of the recent performance from the Bakken wells that you're drilling, recent 30-day IPs and any EURs, and how those trends are progressing.
Gregory Hill: First of all, let me say I'm real pleased with the Bakken team. We continue to make significant progress there. As I said, we exited the Bakken at our targeted rate of 20,000 barrels a day at the end of the year. So those wells are going as expected. Update on wells, again, the dual-lateral wells are costing us between $11 million, $11.5 million. Single-laterals between $7 million and $7.5 million. EURs are in the order of about 500,000 barrels per lateral, and our 30-day average IP rate for 18-stage wells are in the 400 to 500 barrels per lateral range. Now we recently revised our base completion design to 22 stages, so those IP rates are going to go up.
Jeffrey Dietert - Simmons & Company: And you've got an aggressive program there, capital program. Could you talk about what are the most constraining factors for the pace of development in the Bakken?
John Hess: Well, I think we have everything secured that we need. We've got 18 drilling rigs underway currently. We have frac crews, pretty much here for the first half of the year. We'll add another frac crew in the last half of the year, but so far, there is no constraints or bottlenecks, good progress on the infrastructure as well. So good shape. So far, so good.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Greg, if I could also ask a couple, first of all on the Bakken. It seemed on your press release for the full year capital expenditure program, you're going to be running about 15 rigs, and if I'm not mistaken, you said 18 on your prepared remarks. Your original organic program was a 10-rig program, and of course, four or five years out, you were looking at getting to around 80,000 barrels a day. Would you care to just give us some color as to directionally where you think that 18-rig program gets you to over that longer term? And if you're basically holding back on that guidance, can you give us an idea as to what's holding you? Why are you being so conservative in light of the fact that you've increased your acreage position 50%?
Gregory Hill: Sure, Doug. So let me talk about the rigs for a minute. You are correct. On our non-acquired acreage, we had actually 11 rigs operating towards the end of the year. One of those is kind of a FlexRig because it works on refracs and then it does some other work for us. And then we inherited the additional rigs from the acquisitions. So our rig count does stand at 18 rigs currently. Regarding the long-term guidance, Doug, I think we've talked about this before. I'm not prepared to do that yet just because I want to get some -- digest the acquisitions. We want to get some more wells in that acreage under our belt before we adjust our long-term guidance. But we plan to do that later in the year.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Greg, are both the American and the Tracker acreage prospective for Three Forks across the acreage that you acquired?
Gregory Hill: Generally prospective across the whole acreage.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: My only follow-up really is on the Eagle Ford. Can you give us a little more color as to where exactly are you located in the play? You said the condensate window, but can you give us some color on maybe the counties where you are, what roughly your working interest is and how your acreage acquisition plans are progressing? And maybe some activity updates would be great. I know you said 15 wells this year, but are we in the evaluation stage or are we moving to development phase? Some color would be appreciated.
Gregory Hill: As we mentioned in our remarks, about 90,000 acres currently in the Eagle Ford. I don't really want to comment exactly where we are because we're competitively trying to acquire acreage still around our positions. Regarding wells, we've drilled three. Those are exploration kind of delineation wells. We'll drill three more exploration delineation wells. And then we're planning about a dozen development wells on top of that next year.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Bakken is a popular topic. One more for you there. You reiterated your comments on the well costs and the EURs. Just curious what portion of your acreage you have confidence in those kind of numbers for. Would it be a third of the acreage, half of the acreage? I'm sure it's not all of it because some of it, you've just acquired. Can you provide any color on that?
Gregory Hill: Our existing core acreage, of course, that we have before the acquisitions, we're very confident of. We'd like to get a few more wells in the acquired acreage before we lean forward on the prospectivity of that acreage. Obviously, we think the acreage is pretty good. Otherwise, we wouldn't have acquired it. And there are some wells in the acreage drilled by others that look very, very good.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: The existing core, I recall, was 300 to 350 of your amount, if I'm remembering.
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think that's about right.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And then clearly, the stuff you've acquired, you have yet to drill it. But we might think of that at some point as maybe moving into these kind of economics as well, if it drills out.
Gregory Hill: Yes, that's right, Arjun.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Anything you're seeing on the pressure pumping and the completion side? That's been a general bottleneck across the shale plays. I think some of the service companies have been adding capacity. Are you seeing that in the Bakken, or is something still to come? And then in terms of getting confidence in the production ramp-up given the that's an important piece of it.
Gregory Hill: No, I think, Arjun, as I said, we have frac rigs or frac pumping services secured, and we're going to add another one frac crew sometime during the year that will bring us completely up to five. But we're essentially contract or have contract in place for four, including what we inherited from the acquisitions.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just a final one on the Paris Basin. I think you mentioned six wells this year. I believe, and please correct me if I'm wrong, they're very much along the lines of just trying to understand the acreage and a little bit of a science experiment phase. If the six wells -- is it possible for the six wells to go particularly well where you then end up drilling a lot more this year? Or is it you'll drill with six wells, take the time study it, and then we come back sometime a year from now and continue to move forward? How should we be thinking about the pace of the Paris Basin, I guess, if these six wells go particularly well or not, or if you can even tell that from the initial wells?
Gregory Hill: Arjun, I really can't say at this point. Let's get the six wells under our belt, see if we can get some fractures, some vertical fractures in particular, and we're going to try and do a horizontal well or two next year, and then after that, we'll go from there.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: You talked about the importance of unconventional going forward in your portfolio. In China, I was just wondering if the Sinopec studies are related to gas or oil and generally, when we could begin to hope for first production from China, either from the PetroChina or the Sinopec agreement.
Gregory Hill: I think it's really hard to say or speculate on the first production at this point. The Sinopec JSAs really cover all unconventionals in a very large basin around the Shengli field.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: So that would be either oil or gas, you're not sure yet?
Gregory Hill: Yes, either oil or gas.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: And then you spoke about some of your new flow potentially for the rest of the year beyond the unconventional. I think you mentioned Ghana. I just wondered if you could say a little more about what we can hope for in the course of the whole year from Indonesia, I'm thinking Australia and any other highlights.
Gregory Hill: Sure. So let's start with Ghana. As I said, we expect to spud our first well in February in Ghana. And then Semai, I mentioned in my remarks, we expect to spud that well in the first quarter as well. And if we turn to Australia, of course, we're in the middle of our appraisal program down there. It's still early days. We got a couple of DFPs [ph] under our belt, but so far, so good. The results have been encouraging. And then, the next we go to Brunei, which the operator, Total, is planning to spud the first well sometime in the second half of the year. So those are some of the big highlights outside of the unconventional business, and of course, we're on the Northern Red Sea block as we speak. So that's a bit of an around-the-world tour quickly.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Mark Gilman from Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: I was looking for some qualitative or preferably quantitative indication as to the 274 million of reserve adds booked at year-end 2010 and the impact, if any, of the revisions one way or the other.
John Hess: Just some of the big highlights. Of course, on the reserve adds, the 274 million, about 160 million or so were in Norway, about 70 million or so were in North Dakota in the Bakken. So those were the two big hitters. Another 30 million in Russia, and then the rest, really, is just across the board.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: And, Greg, the revision issue?
John Hess: From the PSCs, Mark, with the increase in price, we took off 21 million barrels related to the PSC effect.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Any other revisions?
John Rielly: There's net adds, there's net revisions throughout all the fields. So yes, I mean, again, that's baked into that overall 274 million.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: If I could shift to the HOVENSA thing for a second, I guess I'm trying to understand, John Hess, exactly what you're doing. My recollection says that HOVENSA actually consisted almost of two separate refineries, an east and a west, and yet the 350 number distillation capacity kind of seems in the middle of the two. Could you give me a little clarification of exactly what you're contemplating, what other units other than distillation coms [ph] you intend to shut down and quantify any cost benefits going forward?
John Hess: Mark, your memory is very good. There is an east side of the refinery that is much more modern -- better heat conversion, better recovery, better upgrading. And then the west side, which is the original part of the refinery, which is the older part and the older units. It is that the west side that will be shut down and mothballed. And the 350 really reflects the east side configuration. So it's not something in the middle. The 350 reflects the east side, which is the better-performing, more efficient area. And until we finalize our operating plans, we can't provide more specific guidance in terms of operating expenses going forward, capital going forward, but I can assure you that they will be down. And these moves should improve HOVENSA's financial performance going forward.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: One more for John Rielly. A little bit puzzled on booking a tax benefit on the write-offs on the Brazilian wells with no income in the area. If you could give me an idea, the hows and whys of that. And John Rielly, you indicated, I think, a lifting impact as you discussed the E&P results. If I recall correctly, it was $50 million. Can you give me a volume element to that in terms of where the under lifting has occurred and what the position was as of year-end?
John Rielly: The first thing was on Brazil. As you said, we did book a tax benefit on that. And it is typical that we will set up our exploration program in a way that you can get a U.S. tax benefit for an exploration loss in a foreign country. So what it basically is, Mark, is we refer to it as a worthless stock-type deduction. And that's the way the exploration expense gets benefited. So it's not a benefit that's recorded per se for Brazil. It's recorded for the U.S. So that's the Brazil aspect of it. On the lifting side, the overall impact was approximately 2 million barrels in the quarter. The biggest driver of that was Norway, and then you've got a group of them with EG, Denmark, Algeria. Libya is also in there, actually even some JDA condensate to pump out. So we had a kind of an under-lift across the portfolio. And I always hate to project the timing of what will happen quarter to quarter, but if you looked at our year-end inventory positions compared to what it's looked like over the, say, past year and half, it's clear that our inventory barrels are at a high stage right now. And so you would expect some over-lift coming into 2011.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Just a follow-up question on exploration. I think, Greg, in Egypt, you spud in December, I think, before there were 90-day wells. So we should expect results there in 2Q to discuss or are you going to go batch release once you have both down?
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think we'll have some early results from the first well in March, March kind of a time frame.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: And there's no mention on -- did Hess bid on the Senegal pre-salt bid round?
Gregory Hill: We really don't discuss what we bid on or don't bid on.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Just a follow-up maybe on China, and I totally appreciate that it's early here, but what's the form? Is it some form of a PSC that would ultimately come out of that? Or any kind of way to preliminary think about economics in those kind of ventures?
Gregory Hill: Early for economics, but I think, obviously, that's what we would hope, is that the PSC would come out of it, assuming that we find material unconventional opportunities in those areas.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng: John Rielly, you're saying that at year-end, your inventories are a bit high. Can you give us some rough idea how much is it high by comparing to the average?
John Rielly: Paul, what happens is, obviously, by country, the barrels are up and down, so we don't really want to compare to that. But just look at the countries that had the big over-lift. I let you know, again it was in Norway, EG and Denmark, and you can see it from our year-end inventories that those are the ones that are kind of higher on average. So we would expect for 2011 that those barrels would turn around.
Paul Cheng: John, is there a number you can share that you said 1 million-barrel high, 2 billion-barrel high, so we can have some rough idea?
John Rielly: I would tell you approximately 1 million, a little less than 1 million barrels, I would say, on average that we're high.
Paul Cheng: And for Greg, for Eagle Ford, you drilled three wells. Is there any kind of data you can share at all, whether it's the production rate, any resource data, anything you can share? You're saying that the results so far is encouraging. Is there anything you can share?
Gregory Hill: No, I'm not prepared to share anything yet, Paul. What I will say is, again, as I said in my remarks, we saw good shows and good log response in the well. So we're very encouraged and pleased with the results we're seeing so far.
Paul Cheng: When do you think you may be at a position you feel more comfortable to share some additional data?
Gregory Hill: I think we're going to complete the wells and hook them up for production in the second quarter. So there will be two horizontals we hope to get on in the second quarter. So we'll be, hopefully, in a position to share at that point.
Paul Cheng: And for the longer term in terms of the capital allocation, right now, if we're looking at -- you spend $1.8 billion in Bakken, presumably that you may spend, say, a couple hundred million dollar in Eagle Ford. And so you were talking about $2 billion of the $5.5 billion in the upstream. So we are talking about in the 36% capital. Is there sort of an expectation or target that you guys feel comfortable, say, "Okay, I do not want the unconventional to be way in excess of 50%, 60%"? Is there any kind of number that you can share in terms of what is your longer-term plan on capital allocation on the unconventional side?
John Hess: Paul, I think it just depends on the opportunity mix that we have, the opportunity mix and the profitability of those opportunities. That's how we rank our opportunities internally. So we don't have a specific number that we're trying to shoot for one way or the other.
Paul Cheng: On Ghana, I thought initially that the well was supposed to be drilled in December. What's causing the delay?
John Hess: Paul, it's just the rig arrival. That's the only thing, nothing else.
Paul Cheng: I think is for maybe John Rielly or John Hess. On some cost horizon with this restructuring, what kind of unit cost reduction that we may be able to expect?
John Rielly: At this time Paul, we just did announce it. So we will be going through the plans and working with our partner and our employees down there. And so we're not at a point right now that we can give guidance related to that.
Paul Cheng: A final one for Greg. In 2010, on the reserves addition, you said F&D cost is $23 million there, and you said $160 million is in Norway, I presume, is related to the acquisition of Valhall and all that. If I excluding the acquisition, what is your funding and development cost on an organic basis for 2010?
Gregory Hill: Our F&D cost on an organic basis is $50 per barrel. But I think it's important to keep that all in context in the five years. Our five-year average organic replacement ratio is 125% at an F&D cost of $22 per barrel.
John Rielly: Paul, you have to realize the nature, and I know you know this and the people on the call know it. When you're dealing with unconventionals in the acquisitions, you're really not buying very much of proved reserves. You're buying the opportunity to exploit and develop and produce proved reserves. So we have a burden from the acquisitions of about $1,600,000,000, for which there are no reserves today, but there will be for the future.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from the line of Ed Westlake from Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: First one on HOVENSA. I know you haven't gone through all the plans, but just holistically, do you think that the cost cutting and reliability improvements will enable you to get back to sort of a breakeven for that refinery? It's obviously been losing money. Or do you think margins also have to improve?
John Hess: Well, it's going to be a function of the margin environment, obviously, to be able to give an absolute answer to your question. But on a relative basis, these moves should improve HOVENSA's financial performance going forward. So it will make it more competitive than what the external world provides us remains to be seen. But I think we will be able to capture more margin because of it.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: I guess we're not talking about the Gulf of Mexico for a while, but you've got Shenzi waterfloods, Pony appraisals. I mean, when do you think you can actually, in the current environment, get back to drilling those wells?
Gregory Hill: Of course, in Shenzi, we are back to work. We've got a second rig there drilling another water-injection well, so we're planning to -- we approved five water injection wells on Shenzi, and the plan is to continue with those injectors. Regarding our own portfolio, Pony 3 will probably be first out, and we're expecting to get on that well in the second half of 2011. But, I think as everyone in the industry is saying right now, everything is highly uncertain due to the sorting out all these regulations.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: On your comments about internally generated cash flow with a $5.6 billion CapEx budget and maybe a sort of $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion before working capital kind of cash run rate, is that just a function of oil prices, or are you going to be looking to make some further asset sales to realign the portfolio?
John Rielly: No. What we're looking at is the existing asset sales. So as John Hess had mentioned earlier, the U.K. gas assets that we had actually hoped to close by the end of the year but, just due to some timing, is just closing in the first quarter. So we do have that sale. And then on top of that, it's just our operating cash flow right now and the oil price environment that allows us to fund the capital program.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Katherine Flynn from IHS Herold.
Sven Del Pozzo - John S. Herold: This is Sven Del Pozzo for Katherine Flynn. My question regards the integration of the private entities acquired in the Bakken. It looks like you and Tracker are very similar well performance. You're in the same regions, too, big Dunn County operators. Are you guys going to change the completion technique at all, or can we foresee similar well results or well performance in the future compared to what we've seen so far?
Gregory Hill: I think that's a good question, Sven. And as we've always said on all these plays, these are continuous learning play. So if you look at our own completions, we've evolved to 18-stage fracs and moved to 22. We have a couple of 28-stage fries now on the ground. So I think you'll see us continue to evolve the frac design, and we're excited about the learnings that we can gain from the two companies that we just acquired as well. So I think you'll see us continue to evolve.
Sven Del Pozzo - John S. Herold: Could you give some concrete examples of efficiencies that will be generated? Since it seems like they're right in your backyard, so to speak.
Gregory Hill: Well, I mean, clearly, we'll just absorb it into our existing operations. So there's people synergies, infrastructure synergies, all those things. But we haven't put a number on anything like that. But clearly, that was part of the original acquisition part of our thinking.
Sven Del Pozzo - John S. Herold: Regarding American Oil & Gas, that's mostly non-operated. So I'm wondering who are the most relevant operators to look at to get an understanding of the quality of American Oil & Gas' acreage?
Gregory Hill: I'm not sure that's a factual statement, that that's largely non-operated. And if you look at kind of our working interest share just across the whole Bakken play, we're averaging about 67% now across the play. So still very high working interest across the entire play for us.
Sven Del Pozzo - John S. Herold: Regarding U.S. production cost increases in the fourth quarter, what drove those versus the third quarter?
John Rielly: I'm glad the question got asked because there's always timing that gets involved with our operating costs, our cash costs, and so from an overall standpoint for the year, we finished at $14.40 was our overall cash production unit cost. And the increase actually from 2009 was really solely related to production taxes. So the cost we were able to control. While there's ups and downs in it, we did a very nice job and the E&P group did a nice job on that. So specifically, as you look in the U.S., we've got timings related to maintenance. We have additional production taxes with the higher price environment. In the fourth quarter, we had workovers. Those type of things, we really forecast. We actually also had Tubular Bells, we had some development studies that were ongoing in the fourth quarter. So as we picked up operatorship of that, we flowed that through the production line. So those went to the fourth quarter. But on an overall basis, our production cost came in at the low end of range and really pretty much in line with 2009.
Sven Del Pozzo - John S. Herold: Lastly, do you think 200 wells in the Bakken in 2011, is that an achievable number or is it in the ballpark?
John Hess: Sven, as I said, we're still swallowing the acquisitions, so I don't want to give a well number yet. It will be a combination of singles and duals. So I think you'll see us drill anymore singles than in the past because we're trying to get the acreage now by production on the acquisition side.
Sven Del Pozzo - John S. Herold: The big shift in CapEx to the U.S. versus the third quarter, where was most of that capital allocated regionally? If you could give me some regionally specific references.
Gregory Hill: Sure. Because of the large increases due to the acquisitions in North Dakota. So again, we did see TRZ Energy acquisition completed in the fourth quarter. So that's what drove the U.S. It's North Dakota.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: A couple of quick ones for you on the Bakken. Greg, you mentioned the shift from dual-laterals to singles in an effort to HBP acreage. Just curious, how long do you think it will take you to achieve that?
Gregory Hill: I think we'll have steady drilling in 2011 and 2012, primarily single-laterals to secure that acreage. So it will be over the next two years.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: So post-2012 you should be there, right?
Gregory Hill: Right.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: I don't know if you'd be willing to share this, but you gave guidance of about 40,000 barrels a day for '11 in the Bakken. Could you clarify maybe what an exit rate may look like?
Gregory Hill: Not yet. Again, I just want to swallow these acquisitions and kind of rejigger our whole program including the HBP and the single well laterals before I give you an exit rate.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates: A quick question on Brazil. Exxon had some comments earlier this month that indicated maybe a more ambiguous picture. Of course, you guys decided to just take the write-off immediately. Just curious kind of what prompted that decision on your part because, as I said, they're a little more optimistic it seems.
John Hess: Well, with the December notice of discovery, I believe we're aligned with our partner on path forward on the block. So I don't think there's any discrepancy.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James & Associates: And with one confirmed discovery back in early '09 and then two dry holes that you've already written off, do you see a path towards commercial development, or is it too early to say?
John Hess: Yes, it's too early to say. I think I said in my opening remarks, the co-ventures will now take all the data from the three wells and the cores and the seismic, really step back and figure out what we want to do.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of John Herrlin from Societe Generale.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: For the gas plant in North Dakota, how much is that going to cost, estimated?
Gregory Hill: I can't really break that out for you. I mean, the entire infrastructure cost in the Bakken is around $750 million.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: With regard to your additions, could you break down extensions, revisions, acquisitions? You didn't do that.
John Rielly: Sure. From our overall number, I would say from extensions, discoveries and revisions, approximately that's 106 million barrels.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: In the Paris Basin, have you been able to do any core studies from existing cores or are you just drilling for the first time and that's when you'll actually get cores? Are you concerned at all about clay?
Gregory Hill: John, we have looked at some old core data. We've also looked extensively at old well data. I just wanted to clarify again on the Paris Basin since you asked the question, our plans on the Paris Basin is we're going to drill six wells. The first wells will be vertical wells, will which will be logged and cored. Then we expect to complete single-stage fracs and flow tests on as many as four target intervals in each of those three wells. And then although preliminary, for the next three wells, we're planning a combination of vertical and horizontal wells with multi-staged hydraulic fracturing subject to permits being issued.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: With the Eagle Ford, you said you're in the kind of safe window. How much gas do you think you'll gather or do you really think they're all condensate?
Gregory Hill: We don't know yet, John. I mean, it's going to be a mix of condensate and gas. But we don't know until we have the wells flowing.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Last one for me is time to TD in Ghana and Brunei?
Gregory Hill: Well, Brunei, don't know because wells haven't been planned yet. But certainly, Ghana, these are 90-day wells.
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Jack Moore from Huntswell [ph] capital.
John Patrick Moore: I was wondering if you could just give a little more color on the moving parts with respect to your budget and your capital structure going forward? Just give a sense if commodity prices soften, what the moving parts were, and if they stay robust, where you would expect to allocate resources if they surpass current expectations?
John Hess: Obviously, with current prices, we make the statement that we should be able to fund our capital program from internally generated cash flow. Having said that, in the normal course of our business, we always are upgrading our portfolio. And in addition to the U.K. natural gas North Sea assets that we expect to close as a sale in the first quarter, there are a few other that we're contemplating. That's point number one. So there are maybe a few more asset sales that can get completed in 2011 just to upgrade our portfolio. As you are aware, we currently have about $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion of cash on the balance sheet before those U.K. asset sales. So that cash is a cushion should commodity prices go down. And we will do what we have to do to deal with lower prices. We have in the past. And if it means making adjustments to the program, we certainly have the financial flexibility to do that. I don't want to get more prescriptive than that because it's a very hypothetical question. And higher prices, that would be a nice problem to have.
John Patrick Moore: Just to check, there's no changes in your posture towards hedging going forward, right?
John Hess: You never say never. In the past, we've hedged when our balance sheet was much weaker, and it was more at risk with some of the investment program we have, with the stronger balance sheet we have now. We're very comfortable taking the commodity price risk. If there are certain assets where we think the risk merits hedging, it's obviously something we will always consider.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the question-and-answer session and today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson - VP, IR John Hess - CEO John P. Rielly - SVP & CFO Greg Hill - EVP & President, Worldwide Exploration and Production
Analysts: Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse Paul Shankey - Deutsche Bank Doug Leggate - BAS-ML Mark Gilman - Benchmark & Co. Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James Kate Minyard - JPMorgan 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Third Quarter 2010 Hess Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Melelia and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call; Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay and welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments after which John Rielly will review our financial results. Net income for the third quarter of 2010 was $1.154 billion, versus $341 million a year ago. Our third quarter operating results were positively impacted by higher crude oil and natural gas selling prices and sales volumes compared to the year ago quarter. This quarter's results also included an after-tax gain of $1.072 billion associated with our strategic asset trade with Shell, which closed in September as well as an after-tax charge of $347 million to write-off the West Med Block 1 concession off shore Egypt. Excluding these non-recurring items, exploration and production earned $552 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 413,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 2% below the year-ago period. Lower year-over-year production resulted primarily from natural field decline to the Ceiba Field in Equatorial Guinea and planned downtime at the Valhall field in Norway, which was partially offset by higher production from our Bakken program in North Dakota. Current net production from the Bakken is approximately 18,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, with nine rigs working. We plan to add one additional rig in November and expect to exit this year with net production of about 20,000 barrels of oil equipment per day. Our acquisition of American Oil & Gas is progressing through the regulatory process and is expected to close by the end of the year. In September we closed on both the strategic asset trade with Shell and the acquisition of Total's interest in the Valhall and the Hod fields in Norway, which together raised our interest in these fields to 64.5% and 62.5% respectively. Also, in September we announced the acquisition of an additional 20% interest in the Tubular Bells oil and gas field in the Gulf of Mexico from BP for $40 million. Following regulatory approval Hess will have a 40% working interest and become the operator. In the United Kingdom, the sale of non-quartered, nor seen natural gas assets is now expected to close in the fourth quarter, these assets have net production of 16,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and year end 2009 proved reserves of 29 million barrels of oil barrel equivalent. With regard to explorations we drilled two wells on our 100% owned permit WA390P in the Northwest Shelf of Australia, resulting in two discoveries. We have now completed our 16 commitment wells on the block with 13 discoveries. We have initiated an appraisal program that will continue through the middle of next year and include additional drilling and flow testing of several wells. Commercial discussions with potential partners regarding WA309P are ongoing. In December we expect to spud exploration wells on our 40% owned BMS-22 block in Brazil, our 100% owned Tano/Cape Three Points Block in Ghana and our 80% owned North Red Sea Block One concession in Egypt. In the first quarter of 2011 we plan to drill our 100% owned semi five block in Indonesia. In terms of unconventional resources, we plan to start drilling in the EagleFord in Texas in November and in the Paris base and in France in the first quarter of 2011. Turning to marketing and refining, we reported a loss for the third quarter of $38 million. Refining margins weakened from last years third quarter, primarily due to lower gasoline and residual fuel oil crack spreads and higher fuel costs at our HOVENSA's joint venture refinery and lower gasoline crack spreads at our Port Reading, New Jersey facility. Marketing results were better than the year ago quarter, principally due improved margins in our energy marketing business. Retail gasoline volumes on a per site basis were up 1% while convenient store sales rose nearly 3%. In energy marketing natural gas sales were higher year-over-year while fuel, oil and electricity sales were lower. In conclusion we are pleased with the recent transactions that we believe strengthen our global portfolio and will contribute to our Company's future reserve and production growth. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks John. Hello everyone. In my remarks today I will compare third quarter 2010 results to the second quarter. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $1.154 billion in the third quarter of 2010, including after tax income of $725 million from items affecting comparability of earnings between periods, compared with $375 million in the second quarter. Turing to exploration and production, exploration and production operations had income of $1.277 billion in the third quarter of 2010, compared with $488 million in the second quarter. The third quarter results included an after tax gain of $1.072 billion relating to the exchange in the corporations interest in Gabon and the Clare Field in the United Kingdom for additional interest in the Valhall and Hod Fields in Norway. The results also included an after tax charge totaling $347 million to write off our investments in the West Med Block located off shore Egypt. The impairment resulted from third quarter decision by Hess and the other concession partners to cease future exploration activities and to relinquish a significant portion of the block. Excluding the effect of these matters, the changes in the after tax components of the results are as follows. Higher sales volumes increased earnings by $127 million. Increased production expenses reduced earnings by $25 million. Increased exploration expenses reduced earnings by $16 million. Increased depreciation reduced earnings by $13 million. Lower selling prices decreased earnings by $6 million. All other items led to a decrease in earnings of $3 million for an overall increase in third quarter adjusted earnings of $64 million. The previously mentioned exchange of the corporation's interest in Gabon and the Clair field increased our interest in the Valhall field by 28.1% and the Hod field by 25%. This exchange was accounted for its fair value and resulted in a gain in the quarter. In September 2010, the corporation also completed the acquisition of a 7.85% interest in Valhall and a 12.5% interest in Hod for cash of $507 million. After completion of these acquisitions, the corporation has total interest of 64.05% in the Valhall field and 62.5% in the Hod field. In the third quarter of 2010, our E&P operations were overliftsed compared with production, resulting in increased after-tax income in the quarter of approximately $60 million. The E&P effective income tax-rate was 44% in the quarter and year-to-date in 2010. Turning to Marketing and Refining, Marketing and Refining operations generated losses of $38 million in the third quarter of 2010, compared with $19 million in the second quarter. Refining operations had losses of $50 million in the third quarter and $31 million in the previous quarter. The corporation's share of HOVENSA's results after income taxes was a loss of $52 million in the third quarter, compared with $4 million in the second quarter, reflecting lower refining margins in the third quarter. Port Reading reported income of $2 million in the third quarter, compared to a loss of $27 million in the second quarter. During the second quarter, this refining facility was shut down for 41 days for a planned turnaround. The turnaround expenses recorded in the second quarter totaled approximately $27 million after income taxes. Marketing earnings were $40 million in the third quarter of 2010, compared with $17 million in the prior quarter, principally reflecting higher electricity margins and sales volumes. Trading activities generated a loss of $28 million in the third quarter compared with $5 million in the second quarter. Turning to corporate, net corporate expenses were $26 million in the third quarter of 2010 compared with $42 million in the second quarter. Net corporate expenses were lower in the third quarter, primarily reflecting lower bank facility fees and other general and administrative expenses. After-tax interest expense was $59 million in the third quarter, compared with $52 million in the second quarter. In August 2010, the corporation issued $1.25 billion of 30-year unsecured notes with a coupon of 5.6%. Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter, including an increase of $136 million from changes in working capital was $1.246 billion. Net proceeds from the bond offering were $1.241 billion. Capital expenditures were $1.462 billion. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $35 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $990 million. We had $2.353 billion of cash and cash equivalent at September 30th 2010 and $1.362 billion at December 31st 2009. Our available revolving credit capacity was $3 billion at September 30th 2010. Total debt was $5.584 billion at September 30th 2010 and $4.467 billion at December 31st 2009. The corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at September 30th 2010 was 26.1%, compared with 24.8% at the end of 2009. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you, Ladies and gentlemen (Operators Instructions), your first question comes from the line of Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Hey good afternoon now. Good morning. Great results. I guess the overlifts will be a big contributor to them. I actually have two questions. One is one the EagleFord. Effectively, can you talk through your strategy there and I think on Q2 you spoke of further acquisitions in other non conventional. So perhaps a broader comment on the non conventional strategy. And then the second one is around refining. You're still obviously loosing net income. Perhaps some decisions around profit improvement or any plans on disposal. Thanks.
Greg Hill: Yeah thanks Ed, this is Greg Hill. Let me talk about the EagleFord and then I'll talk a little bit broader about unconventional strategy. So yes we are building and have been building a position in the EagleFord. We have about 75,000 net acres as we speak under a contract and our plans are to begin drilling in November in the EagleFord and if we can get additional acreage we'll expand that position further. Regarding kind of broader un-conventional, as we've said before, we're really focused domestically in the U.S. in our Bakken position and the EagleFord and we have our position in the Marcellus. We continue to look for other opportunities. But we're also focused internationally and of course we have our Paris face in position of about a million acres or so with our partner Toreador and we have a  we're signed a memorandum of understanding an agreement with PetroChina to look at unconventional possibilities in that Daqing field in China.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Thank you.
Greg Hill: Terms of refining, specifically HOVENSA, we're disappointed with the operating performance of the facility as well as the financial performance and we are working with our partners to find ways to improve both.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Is there anything, any specific plans or an announcement that you can make in there or is this just ongoing?
Greg Hill: It's ongoing.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Shankey from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Shankey - Deutsche Bank: Good morning gentlemen, I guess if we could talk a bit more about the Bakken please, could you just update us at a high level firstly, I guess there an implicate increase to your production target there, that once you've completed American oil and gas certainly and I wanted to clear if there maybe will show up with pressure from the kind of performance your getting out of our activities there. If you could kind of address the high level question also talk more about all the technical things that you're doing and the progress that your making out of the time, thank you.
Greg Hill: Yeah, thanks Paul. This is Greg. Well, first of all, I mean, we were on track in the Bakken. We continue to make significant progress. We are on track to exit the year at a net record rate of about 20,000 barrels a day. As we said, we are marching our way towards 80,000 barrels a day in our existing position in the Bakken. Regarding the American Oil & Gas position, of course we have not yet acquired that. We are optimistic that that will close. But it's early days. We would like to get few wells in the ground before we issue any additional production guidance associated with that. But obviously we are excited about the acreage. Otherwise, we would have never acquired it. Just briefly on, you know, well cost are coming in at about $11 million each for a dual lateral EURs, of about a million barrels per dual and our 30-day average IP rate's are around the order of 400 to 500 barrels per day per lateral from 18 stage fracs. Well, that gives you kind of an overall update of the Bakken.
Paul Shankey - Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks. And one more from me. The Western Meds write-downs, I know you were bit surprised by that, could you just explain what that was about?
Greg Hill: Sure. While we did have several natural gas discoveries on the block, based on the technical working and working with our partners, the quantities of gas found are not sufficient to pursue a commercial development at this time. So, during the quarter, actually, late in the quarter, the partners decided to cease future exploration activities on the block again, just from the risks of some of the plays and the ability to make it commercial. And Hess has actually have now decided to relinquish a significant portion of the block. So, as a result of that decision by the partnership group, just following the GAAP Accounting Standards, we have to take an impairment in this quarter.
Paul Shankey - Deutsche Bank: Right. And in case, are there any other Egyptian updates to give us?
Greg Hill: The only thing from -- in North Red Sea, John Hess has mentioned that we will be drilling an exploration well there in the North Red Sea. And so that is coming up right now in the fourth quarter. Outside of that, nothing else.
Paul Shankey - Deutsche Bank: Finally, can you give us a sense of the prospect there? Alright.
Greg Hill: Yes. So, in the Northern Red Sea, this is Block 1 where we have an 80% working interest with the operator. It is a Cretaceous sandstone play to the tune of about 710 meters of water. It's going to take about 90 days to drill and it's an oil prospect and we're looking for oil.
Paul Shankey - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Thank you. Good morning, gentlemen.
Greg Hill: Good morning.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Couple of things from me. Just going to the exploration program, 100% in Ghana, 100% in Semai, 80% in Egypt, and a whole bunch of gas in Australia that doesn't have a home yet. Can you just talk about strategically how you might think about perhaps cross border asset swaps? And perhaps in light of your recent commentary that you may not drill some of these wells with such high interest in the future. That was my first and I have a follow up, please.
Greg Hill: Yeah, thanks Doug. I think, you know, our strategy is to acquire opportunities of high working interest. And as we de-risk the wells, then we make a separate decision of whether or not we are going to farm down or not. I think. In Ghana, in Semai, we are in active discussion with a number of potential partners for farming offers and I think, you know, assuming we get an acceptable view; we will probably farm down both of those wells to drill. You mentioned Australia as well. I mean, obviously, we are not going to build L&G plants in Australia. So we will likely take a partner on our 100% position in Australia as well linked to the liquefaction round.
Doug Leggate - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Greg, should we expect the farm-down of Ghana given that it's going to slide through pretty quickly, might be related to in someway to accelerating your place in the queue for LNG in Australia. Are the two linked or that completely separate in terms of your partner negotiations.
Greg Hill: No I wouldn't say they are necessarily linked Doug. I mean some of the partners we are talking to had positions in Australia and so we are talking to about number potential cross border deals or just straight promote.
Doug Leggate - BAS-ML: Would the same apply to Egypt? Would you expect to farm that down as well or will you drill 80%?
Greg Hill: We have already farmed 20% down to premier and so I think we will continue to look for partners here as well.
Doug Leggate - BAS-ML: Okay, two other quick ones from me, if I may. Just jumping back to the EagleFord, can you tell us where exactly your acreage is in terms of counties, oil/gas window, that kind of stuff? Basically what is your plan for the rig count there? You gave us a pretty clear signal as what you were going to do in the Bakken. But on the on the EagleFord, what is your drilling plan and potential ramp up that we should expect over the next year?
Greg Hill: It's early days in the EagleFord I guess what I will say is we are firmly in a condensate window and our plan is to drill six wells starting in November just to being accessing the acreage after that then we will make a decision on how to expand the ramp up after we get those initial six wells drilled.
Doug Leggate - BAS-ML: Great, and the last one from me, this one is maybe for Mr. Hess. The Bakken and the Valhall deals appear to give you a pretty good anchor on your 3% growth targets but that doesn't include obviously incremental interest in Tubular Bells, the potential pony development. Can you speak to how you are thinking about your production guidance or longer-term targets now that those deals are being done?
John Hess: Good question Doug and basically it's bizarre, investment program in the Bakken and now having captured larger interest in Valhall that also has incremental production over the next five years. We feel pretty good that both of those assets were underpinned a minimum of 3% production growth in oil equipment over the next five years. So, that's the way you think about our production guidance but that really is a minimum and then as you rightfully point out as the Gulf of Mexico regulatory environment gets clarified hopefully we will be able to sanction both the pony and Tubular Bells developments that would be incremental to our picture. As well as hopefully some success either in other unconventional that Greg is talking about or some of the exploratory prospects that we have longer term. So we feel we have acquired a lot of attractive growth options. Some of them will not be successful but hopefully some will. And that would be incremental to the minimum 3% production growth guidance.
Doug Leggate - BAS-ML: Thanks. Would that also apply to the American Oil & Gas? Is that also added to it?
John Hess: I think the best way to look at American Oil & Gas, that's incremental but on the margin. So, it's definitely supportive of that minimum 3% growth guidance.
Doug Leggate - BAS-ML: I will leave it there. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman from Benchmark & Co.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark & Co.: Guys, good morning. Hey, Greg, with respect to the parameters on the Bakken which you outlined before, give me an idea if you would whether that represents an average-to-date and what it looks like from a trend or most current standpoint?
Greg Hill: Yeah, I think on those well results that I quoted, you know, that's an average-to-date based on the results that we've seen. And I think the only change that we're seeing in the short-term is we're going to 22 stage fracs. That's our current design. The averages I quoted to you were based on 18 stage fracs. So there will be a little uplift in those as we go 22 stage.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark & Co.: Greg, while I have you, perhaps you could help me to understand the Tubular Bells transaction. I guess I don't quite understand the nominal consideration. I don't quite understand BP divesting a small portion of it but retaining an interest. A little bit hard for me to relate to exactly what's going on there and what your expectations are. Some comment would be appreciated.
Greg Hill: I think, you know, in terms of Tubular Bells, obviously, BP is restructuring a business globally, post-Macondo. And so, this presented us with an opportunity to increase our interest and become operator of the asset. So, we like Tubular Bells or our partner like Tubular Bells, obviously, BP likes Tubular Bells because they wanted to retain an interest in it. You know, I wouldn't say anything more than that. It's just them restructuring their portfolio.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark & Co.: The development history there, Greg, has been -- or the appraisal history I guess I should say has been a bit mixed. Has there been a downgrade in your mind in terms of the resource potential?
Greg Hill: I think what we've said about Tubular Bells before is we see it in the excess of 100 million barrels and we'll provide some additional information post sanction on the volume size.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark & Co.: That's a gross number, I assume?
Greg Hill: Yeah, gross.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark & Co.: Okay. Just one more from me. Regarding European gas, give me an idea if you could in rough terms how much you sell spot versus how much is under contract? And also any portion that may be specifically linked in one way shape or form to crude oil and/or petroleum product prices?
John Rielly: Yes. So, basically, you've got to a mix when you're looking at Europe, between UK, Norway and Denmark. Pretty much, the majority of our production is coming out of the UK and that is being sold at spot prices. In Norway and Denmark, there you have contractual terms to it. It does have some linkage then to the oil markets.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark & Co.: Thanks, John.
John Rielly: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley:  Hey, good morning, guys. Good quarter. Exciting exploration calendar into 2011. I guess I have two follow-up questions, one for Greg on the Red Sea. Any pre-drill range there or a description more of what the play type is? If you guys are doing a two-well program, are those back to back wells that you are thinking right now?
Greg Hill: Yeah, again, Evan, the Northern Red Sea block, it's a cretaceous sandstone play, that's the first well. We believe it's an oil, it will be an oil prospect and the prospect size is on the order of 100 to 200 million barrels. The second oil a bit dependent on the first well, we do plan drill the second well but the location to that well will depends on what happens with the first well.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay, so which same play type then?
Greg Hill: Again, it depends on the results of the first well.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Understood, okay. And then a follow-up if I could also on the part of question on the farm-down, it's just a general understand. I fully appreciate your accessing all the opportunities for this, is it goal, it sounds as goal and a potential swap to remain exploration neutral if you would meaning to swap interest in other projects or is that  can we think about that way?
Greg Hill: I think you shouldn't assume that is a general rule. It depends on the well; it depends on the packing column and promotional risk profile of the well. Sometimes we'll pay cash in the form of a promote and or international swap and so it depends well by well.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay, it's good. That's the information. Thanks guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just a couple of follow-ups. On the Australia commercial timing, can we think about that as first half of 11 or is there did you want to do some of the appraisal work first?
John Hess: Yeah, thanks Arjun. I think what we want to do is we want to do the appraisal work. You need to get some critical well data during the appraisal say the key for long-term development planning and pipeline design and those kinds of things. As we said before in parallel we're actually with the commercial side, the liquefaction route, so hopefully by the middle of 2011, we'll be in a position to pick a route. We have significant part of our appraisal program done and then can make and form decision around sanction.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: And the options, there are still Floating LNG which show, which I put out to and which show another three possibilities for you?
John Hess: Yeah, with the other possibility at Northwest Shelf.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Okay, Northwest Shelf, this one is great.
John Hess: But it always  it comes available sometime in the future.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. You mentioned in the prepared remarks that might have been  John has the China, PetroChina memorandum of understanding, can you just elaborate what that opportunity is that dodging in terms of pursuing presumably shale oil opportunities there? 
John Hess: Yeah, we signed a joint study agreement with PetroChina and basically it's a tight oil zone in the Daqing field. That potentially by applying Bakken-like technology you can unlock. So that's currently what we're looking at.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's great and presumably the memorandum of understanding for specifically that zone is supposed to an overall interest in the field or anything greater than that. 
John Hess: Yes, it is. It's just specific to the tighter oil zone in the Daqing field.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's great. And just the final question in terms of what you think is realistic timing to getting back to exploration in the Gulf of Mexico given the listing of the moratorium but obviously there are permitting questions and so forth?
John Hess: Good question, Arjun.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you, everyone in the industry is asking that. As you know there's still a lot of uncertainty both regulatory and legislatively like what's coming at us so even though there's more moratorium has been listed, we're still kind of mid cycle I guess in terms of regulatory and legislative understanding of what's going to happen. I think for planning purposes we're hoping to go back to work in the Gulf of Mexico in the middle of 2011 sometime but that's just a planning assumption at this point.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's great. Thank you so much. I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Hey guys.
Greg Hill: Hi
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Good morning. A number of quick questions hopefully. Greg based on what you said, presumably that the Pony appraisal well is not going to be drilled in December. And in terms of the process of the unitization with Knotty Head, do you guys have to wait until you finish the last appraisal well and they finish there? Or that you can still go ahead and try to unitize and maybe have a cost that after the last appraisal well make an adjustment. How does that process work?
John Hess: Yeah, let me give you a quick update, Paul, on just where we are. So, we continue to make significant progress towards sanction of Pony, so we just signed a letter of agreement, a confidentiality agreement and a data trade agreement with the Knotty Head partners. So, the next step now is negotiate the JOA, which should be completed early next year. Obviously, the timing of the sanction is uncertain due to the permitting delays, but specifically due the Pony 3 well. We intend to get back to Pony 3 as soon as we can obtain the permit from the BOEM and we are in the process of filing all that paper work as we speak. And so, really, just for a planning assumption we're assuming that we can get back to Pony 3 sometime in the second half of 2011. Now that doesn't mean we're still not pursuing doing all the design work, the feed work, progressing the JOA, you know, with partners, all those things to move Pony forward.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Right. So in other words, we should not assume that just because you couldn't drill on that last appraisal well that you are in a holding pattern. You are still moving forward and there is a possibility that you may be able to finalize and done much of that even before the last appraisal well.
John Hess: Absolutely, we're moving forward, so all of that stuff happens in parallel.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay, and in the -- normally you guys don't give any guidance on the next year production and CapEx until after you report the fourth quarter. Is there any kind of rough direction that you can give us in terms of up, down, flat?
John Rielly: No, Paul. I think you said it. I mean, we're still in the process of going through all that now and looking at the program for next year and so we will update the guidance in our January call.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay and for 2010 production given the strong results in the third quarter, should we assume there's going to be closer to the high-end of the range instead of the middle of the range?
John Rielly: Yes. Given the results to-date and actually somewhat later than expected timing of the closing of our UK North Sea natural gas asset sale, we will be at the upper end of our range.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. After you complete the acquisition of the American Oil & Gas, in theory, you had 13 rigs. Are you guys going to stick to the 13 rigs or are you scaling back down to the 10 rigs and just stick with that $1 billion a year kind of capital spending program?
Greg Hill: Paul, the American Oil & Gas will be incremental. We've planned to develop that with the 3 rig program. So, we will be up to the 13 rig program. So, we won't dial back in.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: The quality -- I know that it's a little bit premature. Can we somewhat using a prorated -- I am seeing that if you are looking for adding about 15,000 barrels per day using a 10 rig program a year when you use that 13 rig rates that that would be closer to 20,000 barrels per day increase? In other words that the quality of the American Oil & Gas, should we assume that it would be somewhat similar to the area that you are working on today? 
Greg Hill: Yeah, so I think Paul I think it's real all related, figure out what American Oil & Gas is going to provide or whether it's you can scale it or whatever. So let's get if you will down and we will provide that formal update on that what's going to deliver for us.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay, a final question on Bakken. With the Alberta Creeper and the Keystone is up and running, it seems like we have more pipeline capacity than the Canadian heavy oil that is currently available. Is there any opportunity for you guys to ship or to utilize those pipes for Bakken so that narrow the Bakken discount?
John Hess: Paul, a couple of dimensions there. First, we have tradition of marketing agreements. Number one, with pipelines in the area; number two, we're putting in a way of facility which will give us a lot of flex; number three, we're working with Enbridge on this new pipeline expansion that they have. So those are the sort of the three options that we're doing that should be able to accommodate the production growth that we envision over the next five or six years.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Had a question for you on the Paris Basin. Originally I guess I was thinking the testing would begin in the fourth quarter. It sounds like you mentioned the first quarter of '11 you would begin drilling. Any sense of when we might have a kind of final determination on whether that play is going to be economical or not?
Greg Hill: Yeah, thanks again. What we can say at this point is that sometime in 2011, because we will start drilling our first wells in early 2011 and we'll have, certainly have some indication of the commerciality of the play in 2011.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay, back to the Bakken. I know there's been some discussion whether the dual completions are the way to go or not. It sounds, Greg, to me like you are still comfortable with that and confident that that is the way that Hess is going to continue to pursue the play, right?
Greg Hill: Yes, we are.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Okay, then the final one from me is on the cost in EagleFord. I am just curious if you're providing any costs on what you are paying per acre out there?
John Rielly:  No, we're not. Obviously, that's fairly competitively sensitive.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: Sure. Okay, I'll figure out that, thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Thanks for taking my question guys. First on Thanks for taking my question, guys. First on pre-drill reserve estimates, I appreciate you sharing that for the Red Sea. I wanted to see if I can get you to give those numbers also for the next BMS-22 prospect and/or for Ghana?
John Hess: No, we typically don't do that. So no, I'm not going to give you those estimates.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Okay, no problem. And then another follow-on on the Paris Basin. If you move to full-scale development down the road, are there any infrastructure kind of off take capacity issues that would potentially slow you down? I guess I am trying to get a sense of when production there could begin to move the needle for you guys.
John Hess: I think on the Paris Basin, it's still early days. We've got to drill our first well so you can see there's a commercial development there. There is existing capacity in the Basin. They have a refinery near by. And so obviously, before we enter the play, we look at those things and don't seems as a significant constraint at this point.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Very good, I appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question is a follow up question from the line of Mark Gilman from Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark & Co.: John, I wonder, could you provide some volume number to that overlifts and give me a rough idea where?
John Rielly: Sure, Mark. It was a 2.1 million barrel overlifts in the quarter. It was primarily EG to about 1.1 million barrels. And then the UK and Gabon, both at around 500,000.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark & Co.: Okay. And just one other one for Greg. Greg, it was my recollection that upon the completion of the 16-well program on your 100% block on the northwestern shelf you would be in a position to give us some kind of resource indication. Can you help us out in that regard?
Greg Hill: Yeah, Mark. I think, I will rather wait until I get my appraisal program done to do that.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark & Co.: Okay. We will wait with interest. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kate Minyard from JPMorgan.
Kate Minyard - JPMorgan: Hi, good morning.
Operator: Yes, we can hear you.
Kate Minyard - JPMorgan: Great, thanks. Just a quick question on Brunei. Just given your interest in Block Ca1, I was wondering if you could give us any color on just timing? It looks like the operator is eager to start drilling in a short period of time. Was just wondering if you had any insight into whether that was early 2011 or is it a bit too early to tell? Thanks.
John Hess: Obviously, a little context about Brunei first. We are really excited about the prospectively of that block. And as we mentioned, the partnerships in the process of developing a work plan and we expect drilling on the block to begin and mid-2011.
Kate Minyard - JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Yes, just probably a very early number and you probably actually can't answer this, but if you were thinking about just the sort of resource potential of the Paris Basin or Daqing, what kind of order of magnitude if there's modest success or risked outcome do you think the reserves could be?
Greg Hill: Ed, it's too early. You know, we need to get a few wells in the ground and complete our joint study with PetroChina before we can give any kind of estimates for that.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: And in the Paris Basin?
Greg Hill: Yeah, the same. I mean, we don't even have a well in the ground yet. So, let's wait till we get some wells in the ground.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: John, when you're talking about the overliftss, at the end of September, are we neutral or still underlift or overlift in the inventory?
John Rielly: Let's just first talk about for the year. We actually, still are in a underlift position of 1.2 million barrels in the year. So, we had some significant underlifts in the first and second quarter. But some of that again was just the catch up. So, I am again looking at the inventories, I think we are fairly balanced at this point right now.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So we should not assume that any meaningful (inaudible) in the fourth quarter unless the schedule change?
John Rielly: No. I would not assume any. Obviously, the scheduling, the timing at quarter end, things can change. But I would not assume anything in there.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay, Greg, maybe I missed it. You are saying that -- obviously you guys are not going to build the LNG plant yourself. Is that -- when you are looking at trying to monetize the discovery over there, is that the preferred way that whatever is the option you choose, you're going to be that have a proportion equity ownership in the LNG train? Or that you want to just to be a strict long-term supply contract with no equity in the LNG train?
Greg Hill: Yeah, I wouldn't make the assumption that we will necessarily have equity in the LNG plant. It could be a tariffing arrangement or whatever, so that is all part of the commercial mix.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: But I mean from the Company's standpoint, is that one that's more preferable than the other?
Greg Hill: It really just stands upon the commercial deal that we strike, yeah.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay, and then a final one on the BMS-22 in Ghana. How important is the next exploration well to determine whether you are going to stick to the broad and continue to do additional drilling in the future or that to the demand that if that turns out to be dry, that means that you guys the interest in those probably would be substantially reduced. So I'm trying to understand that you already map our additional prospect that you could be interested with Ghana on the success or not on the next well.
Greg Hill: When you talk about Ghana, since you mentioned both, so in Ghana, it is a large block, we see multiple play types on the block, both structural and stratigraphic. Therefore, I think the outcome of one well will not be conclusive for the block or you can assume it will probably be drilled at least one more well on Ghana. Regarding Brazil, I think we just have to see the result of the well and then figure out where we go from there.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay, very good. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session for today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Rielly - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President John Hess - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer Gregory Hill - Executive Vice President, President of Worldwide Exploration & Production and Director Jay Wilson - Vice President of Investor Relations
Analysts: Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter 2010 Hess Corporation Earnings Conference call. My name is Shamika, and I will be your operator for today. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone and thank you for participating in our Second Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings release was issued this morning, and appears on our website, www.hess.com.  Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements.  With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments, after which John Rielly will review our financial results.  Net income for the second quarter of 2010 was $375 million versus $100 million a year ago. Our results were positively impacted by higher crude oil and natural gas selling prices and lower exploration expense compared to the year-ago quarter. Exploration and Production earned $488 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 415,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 2% above the year-ago period. Higher year-over-year production resulted primarily from increased volume from the Shenzi Field in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the Valhall field in Norway.  Net production from the Bakken is currently more than 16,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, and we remain on track to exit this year at a net rate of about 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We added three additional rigs during the second quarter, and currently have eight rigs dedicated to drilling Bakken wells.  As a result of strong year-to-date production performance, we have raised our full year 2010 production forecast to a range of 405,000 to 415,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day from our previously forecasted range of 400,000 to 410,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Regarding the recent tragic accident in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we are deeply saddened by the devastating loss of life, ecological damage to the Gulf coast and severe economic impact on local communities. While our company believes we have extremely high performance requirements for the safety of drilling operations, we in our industry need to do all we can to learn from this disaster, and to take the necessary precautions to ensure such a tragedy never happens again. The near term impact of the moratorium on Hess is expected to be relatively minimal. Our only operated rig in the Gulf of Mexico, the Stena Forth, left the Pony #3 location on Green Canyon 469 in June. That's part of a pre-existing farmout agreement. We anticipate completing the Pony #3 well as soon as practicable, following the lifting of the moratorium. The drilling of a production well at the Shenzi Field, in which Hess has a 28% interest, was suspended as a result of the moratorium. But this delay is expected to have only a very modest impact on our 2010 production.  In June, we announced our intent to preempt BP under acquisition of Total's interest in the Valhall and Hod fields in Norway. Hess will pay $496 million in cash for an additional 7.85% interest in the Valhall field and 12.5% interest in the Hod fields, adding proved reserves of approximately 45 million barrels of oil equivalent. This preemption, along with the previously announced asset swap with Shell will result in our share of the Valhall and Hod fields increasing to 64.05% and 62.5%, respectively. Both transactions are expected to close by the end of the third quarter. During the second quarter, we made progress in our strategy to grow our global inventory of unconventional resource opportunities. In May, we announced a partnership with Toreador Resources under which Hess will invest up to $65 million in an initial exploration phase, and has the option to earn a 50% working interest and become operator in more than 1 million gross acres in the Paris Basin in France. An initial six-well program will commence in the fourth quarter and continue through 2011.  Yesterday, we announced the acquisition of American Oil & Gas Inc. for 8.6 million shares of Hess common stock. This transaction will add approximately 85,000 net acres in the Williston Basin in North Dakota, build upon Hess' strong land position, leverage our infrastructure and enhance our growth profile in the Bakken oil play. The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter. With regard to exploration, we drilled two wells on our 100% owned permit WA-390-P in the Northwest Shelf of Australia, resulting in one discovery and one dry haul. We have now drilled 14 wells on the block resulting in 11 discoveries. We expect to complete our remaining two commitment wells during the third quarter, followed by an appraisal program that will include additional drilling and flow testing of several wells. Commercial discussions with potential partners regarding WA-390-P are ongoing. In the fourth quarter, we expect to spot exploration wells on our 40% owned BM-S-22 block in Brazil and our 100% owned Tano Cape Three Points block in Ghana. In addition, we plan to drill our 100% owned Semai V prospect in Indonesia during the first quarter of 2011. Turning to Marketing and Refining, we reported a loss of $19 million, an improvement over the year-ago quarter. Refining margins at our HOVENSA joint venture refinery improved from last year's second quarter as a result of higher distillate crack spreads and wider light heavy crude differentials. This improvement in Refining was more than offset by costs associated with the planned turnaround of the FCC and other related units at our Port Redding, New Jersey facility. Marketing results were better than the year-ago quarter, principally due to improved margins. Although retail marketing gasoline volumes on a per site basis were down about 4%, total convenience store sales were up nearly 7%. In Energy Marketing, oil sales were higher year-over-year, while natural gas and electricity sales were lower. Capital and exploratory expenditures in the first half of 2010 were $1.8 billion, substantially all of which were related to Exploration and Production activities. For the full year 2010, our capital and exploratory expenditures forecast has increased to $5.5 billion from $4.1 billion. The increase primarily reflects the acquisition of additional interest in the Valhall and Hod fields from Total; the acquisition of American Oil & Gas Inc.; and further appraisal of permit WA-390-P in Australia. We are pleased to make these acquisitions that will help us sustain profitable growth in reserves and production. At the same time, we are maintaining our financial strength, which will provide us the ability to fund future investments.  I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thank you, John. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare second quarter 2010 results to the first quarter. The corporation generated consolidated net income of $375 million in the second quarter of 2010 compared with $538 million in the first quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production. Exploration and Production operations in the second quarter of 2010 had income of $488 million compared with $551 million in the first quarter. The first quarter results included after-tax income of $58 million relating to the sale of the corporation's interest in the Jambi Merang field in Indonesia. Excluding the effect of this asset sale, the change in the after-tax components of the results are as follows: lower selling prices, primarily natural gas, decreased earnings by $30 million; increased exploration expense reduced earnings by $18 million; increased depreciation expense reduced earnings by $11 million; lower cash operating costs increased earnings by $21 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $16 million, for an overall decrease in second quarter adjusted earnings of $5 million. In the second quarter of 2010, our E&P operations were under-lifted compared with production, resulting in decreased after-tax income in the quarter of approximately $30 million.  Total production unit costs for the first six months of the year amounted to $27.65 per barrel of oil equivalent. We are reducing our total production unit cost guidance for the full year by $1 per barrel to $28.50 to $30.50 per barrel. E&P cash operating costs are expected to be in the range of $14.50 to $15.50 per barrel, down from the previous guidance of $15 to $16 per barrel. Depreciation, depletion and amortization charges are expected to be in the range of $14 to $15 per barrel, down from $14.50 to $15.50 per barrel. The E&P effective income tax rate was 43% in the second quarter. For the full year of 2010, we are reducing our E&P effective tax rate guidance to a range of 44% to 48%, down from 47% to 51%. Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining operations generated a loss of $19 million in the second quarter of 2010 compared with income of $87 million in the first quarter. Refining operations lost $31 million in the second quarter compared with $56 million in the first quarter. The corporation's share of HOVENSA's results after income taxes was a loss of $4 million in the second quarter compared with $52 million in the first quarter, reflecting improved refining margins in the second quarter. Also the first quarter included turnaround expenses of approximately $20 million after income taxes for scheduled maintenance on the FCC unit at HOVENSA.  Port Redding generated a loss of $27 million in the second quarter compared to a loss of $4 million in the first quarter. During the second quarter, this refining facility was shut down for 41 days for a planned turnaround. The turnaround expenses recorded in the second quarter totaled approximately $27 million after income taxes. Marketing earnings were $17 million in the second quarter of 2010 compared with $121 million in the first quarter, principally reflecting seasonally lower margins and sales volumes in Energy Marketing operations. Trading activities generated a loss of $5 million in the second quarter compared with income of $22 million in the first quarter. Turning to Corporate. Net Corporate expenses amounted to $42 million in the second quarter of 2010 compared with $48 million in the first quarter. Net Corporate expenses in the first quarter included an after-tax charge of $7 million for the repurchase of the remaining $116 million of bonds that were scheduled to mature in 2011. After-tax interest was $52 million in both the second and first quarters.  Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter, including a decrease of $39 million from changes in working capital, was $981 million. Repayments of debt were $15 million. Capital expenditures were $901 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $72 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $7 million. We had $1,363,000,000 of cash and cash equivalents at June 31, 2010, and $1,362,000,000 at December 31, 2009. Our available revolving credit capacity was $3 billion at June 30, 2010. Total debt was $4,326,000,000 at June 30, 2010, and $4,467,000,000 million at December 31, 2009. The corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at June 30, 2010 was 22.9% compared with 24.8% at the end of 2009. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Edward Westlake of Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: The acquisition of AXP's obviously going to be high on the agenda. Clearly, paying cash for acreage it'd be interested to hear your views around the flow rates that you'd expect in their acreage because it's a different area to your own. But two separate related questions. One is around gas utilization. I think you have a gas plant nearby which means you hopefully get production from AXP. And the second one is a more broad question around lease expiry in your own acreage and in AXP. I understand there might be quite a big lease expiring next year. If you could make some comments on that.
Gregory Hill: Yes, thanks Ed. This is Greg Hill. A couple of comments. First of all, just to give everybody some perspective. So this is 85,000 net acres as John said. And it's located six miles west of Tioga Gas Plant. So clearly, it's very close to our existing infrastructure. It is the west of the anticline. We've got a lot of drilling to do in there. So we don't really want to comment about flow rates yet. There's only three wells in the block. So we've got a lot more drilling left to do before we're going to update our guidance on production. But clearly, we're excited about the acreage and it will be accretive to our Bakken production profile.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: And on lease expiry?
Gregory Hill: Yes, lease expiry, so obviously, that was part of our thinking in the acquisition. We're going to use a three-rig program on that acreage and plan to fully develop it.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: And in the core acreage in terms of the progress you're making in terms of drilling enough to avoid lease expiry in the 500,000 acres?
Gregory Hill: In our own core acreage, recall our phase one area is about 350,000 acres. The other acreage is in delineation acreage or in the process of still delineating that acreage. We will probably farm down some of that acreage.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Bank of America.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: I've got a couple of quick ones on the Bakken and then one on just rigs if I may. First of all dealing with the acquisition. Greg, can you give us some idea of what the likely locations, if you're able to get that granular, that you have or that you think you've acquired in this acreage. Or some of the idea of the risk resource that you see over that 85,000 acres. Just adding on to that, if you could give some idea if there's any contribution from Production assumed in the higher guidance for the current year. I'm guessing not, but if you could just confirm that?
Gregory Hill: Yes. Thanks, Doug. So on production reserves this year, it'll be very, very minor because there's just a few wells over there. As far as future locations, I mean we plan to develop the acreage just like we're developing our core acreage in the East Nesson kind of area. So the plan is do a lateral, use three rigs and basically mow it down just like we're doing on the east side.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So they were running two rigs, Greg, or were they running three rigs? Or can you just confirm, well, if you're adding rigs there or you're using the existing fleet?
Gregory Hill: Yes, we're using the existing fleet. They've got three rigs currently. I think they're going to add another rig and two more rigs in the fourth quarter. But we plan to reduce that to three next year.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: So you're just going to run to three basically through the period?
Gregory Hill: Yes, through the period.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. So that takes you to 13 rigs then on your total plan for 2011?
Gregory Hill: Yes, that right.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Okay. If I may just do a follow-up on the cost guidance that John Rielly gave. How much of that is the contribution from the Bakken as you move this forward? And I guess what's behind my question is if you think 80,000 plus within four or five years, what's that going to do to your cost guidance please?
Gregory Hill: Sure, I mean, let's just talk about this year. From a cost guidance standpoint, clearly, we have higher volumes that we projected earlier in the year. And so obviously, with the cost going over more volumes, it's going to lower our cost per barrel. The Bakken contracting strategy that was put in place also was beneficial to our forecast. So we were able to lower our cost of there. Now going forward and obviously it makes sense if you have more volumes with a cost base, it will eventually begin to drive down your cost in an area. But we're not going to project where our costs are going over the next several years.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: But risks are skewed lower, John. Fair? Is it fair to say that the risks are skewed lower?
John Rielly: Oh, yes, correct. And again, Greg had mentioned this previously. We have locked in most of our -- probably about 90% of our drilling and completion costs in the Bakken here for the next five years. So when we've locked in these costs, which we believe are at favorable rates, there's performance incentives in these contracts also to continuing to try to drive down cost as we get more and more familiar with the acreage. And on top of that, we have dedicated crews up there for frac-ing it as well as equipment. So again, we do like our position here in the Bakken.
Douglas Leggate - BofA Merrill Lynch: Great stuff. And the last one from me is just jumping to rig redeployment I guess. My understanding was you were due to get the Stena Forth back sometime later this year. What are the plans in terms of redeploying that elsewhere? I'm thinking Egypt might be on the list but if you could just give us some thoughts around that, that would be great.
John Rielly: Yes, thanks, Doug. So the Stena Forth is in a farmout to Cairn currently. She'll come back to us sometime in the fourth quarter. And the plan is to move her to the Northern Red Sea to drill a couple of wells there. And then depending upon the outcome of the moratorium in the Gulf of Mexico, she'll either come back to the Gulf of Mexico mid-year next year or go to Ghana and drill a follow-up drill in Ghana. So that's the plan for the Stena.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: I wanted to ask you just a kind of high-level strategy question about what's been a very active set of asset deals and company deals that you've done. Where are you in this process now do you feel? Is this going to be a level of activity that you see yourselves maintaining? Or do you feel like you're arriving at an asset base that you're comfortable with?
John Hess: Thanks, Paul, I mean we're being very opportunistic. I mean as we see -- particularly in the Bakken, as we see opportunities that's clearly a core hub for us. As we see profitable opportunities to capitalize on our competitive advantage on the Bakken, we'll entertain those opportunities.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Right. So this is not an unusual level of -- from your point of view, not an unusual level of activity that you're undertaking in terms of M&A and could be kind of sustained on with onward strategy if you like?
John Hess: No, I don't think so, Paul. As I have mentioned before, we are trying to rebalance the portfolio a bit to get a few more unconventionals into the mix. And I think that's what you're seeing primarily us doing.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay. And when you say that, is that expansion or are you trying to offset at the same time say, for example, a reduction in your deepwater exploration? Is that a balancing process or would you say it's overall an expanding process?
Gregory Hill: I'd say it's a balancing process, Paul.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Okay, that's great. And then a specific one. How long will it be now -- you've given some guidance on Shenzi and Pony, but from the moment that moratorium is listed, assuming it is, how long would it be now would you expect from that point before you saw first production at both of those two assets?
Gregory Hill: Okay thanks, Paul, I think that's a really good question. Because I think the biggest factor on the uncertainty in Pony or really anything in the Gulf of Mexico is all around the regulatory framework which the government -- even though the moratorium is going to be lifted in November as we understand it. So certainly, as soon as that's lifted, we'll plan to bring a rig back in the Gulf of Mexico. But until there's clarity on that regulatory framework, it's really kind of hard to speculate right now on when timing will or -- whether it'll slip or not on things like Pony and some of the developments. So until we get clarity from the government on that framework, I don't really want to speculate on what it means.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank AG: Sure. In terms of some of the elements that are out there in terms of limitations, let's say, for example, liability cap changing, what would be your perspective on what would be a damaging government policy or a preventive government policy against what you think would be very reasonable reaction to the disaster?
John Hess: Yes, Paul, I might come in on that one. There's been a lot of numbers speculated by different politicians about what the right cap level is. And some of the things that are being discussed now that we would be supportive of is rigs in the cap to $1 billion were the company that was doing the drilling would be responsible for that $1 billion exposure with insurance on its side. And then having some kind of a cooperative above that where all the investors and operators in the Gulf of Mexico would participate in some kind of insurance cooperative. That then would deal with catastrophic spills. So that kind of idea of having a company number going up to, let's say $1 billion. And then anything in excess of that being a group cooperative is something that we would be supportive of. Things higher than that, I think would be destructive to the competition in the Gulf, and wouldn't be in the United States' interest.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio of Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Maybe a question on the tax rate. I know your lower tax guidance after two quarters trending lower, I presume that's lower international versus 50% type of average. Is there a mix issue or can you kind of help us understand the other driver in the lower cost guidance? And is this a sustainable new level beyond kind of the guided period?
John Rielly: Sure, I'll try to help you with that. There's nothing really, I'm going to say, unusual in our tax rate in the first two quarters. So you do have -- you always have mix. You've got the concept of the under-lift that I mentioned. So it's not a big portion but Libya is a bit under-lifted here in this quarter. But what ends up happening with our forecast is the higher commodity price that you have, brings in more pre-tax income from other areas outside of Libya. And so Libya becomes a smaller percentage of our overall pre-tax income. And therefore, the effective rate becomes lower just when you put the portfolio together. So you have that coming about. And so with these higher commodity prices, we've been forecasting lower rate and that's why we're bringing down the guidance. Now going out, I mean, again, we'll give you the guidance for next year on our January call but the one thing you do see, our guidance is still higher for the second half of the year as compared to the first half of the year. And some of the results of that is our Valhall swap. So we will be getting more interest in Valhall. It's a higher rate and so that will be bringing up our rate in the second half of the year, and obviously then we'll have a higher interest in Valhall going into 2011. So that can cause that rate again to be a little higher than where it is right now.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Great. And maybe a second question and it's a bit of a follow-up on some of the prior Gulf of Mexico exposure. But I mean is your insurance policies you think about the Gulf of Mexico, is that renegotiated on an annual basis or is it kind of a mid-year renegotiation process?
John Hess: It's renegotiated every year, and different policies expire different times in the year. But it's a yearly event.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So I mean but you're not -- have you seen any change in insurance rate as of yet? And I clearly understand there's a lot of uncertainty around liability [lag] et cetera, et cetera.
John Hess: The government has to be clear on what its regulations are going to be. And then the insurance companies would respond in time. But the kind of number I talked about before, $1 billion is pretty close to one that we can handle right now.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Okay. And if I could slip in just one last smaller question and follow-up on Toreador and your Paris Basin partnership. I mean are you guys on track to report some results there by year-end? I thought that was the original release with Phase I. And that's all I have.
Gregory Hill: Yes, Evan, I think the plan is again that we'll start drilling on that acreage in the fourth quarter. So we'll have some drillings results. But whether we'll will say anything about them or not because we're in delineation mode up there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman of Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Greg, I wonder if you could just give us a little bit of a overall update on the Bakken in terms of EURs, well costs? And in particular just address for me whether you're continuing to develop on a 1,280-acre spacing mode?
Gregory Hill: Yes, we are, Mark. So let me take the first bit of that. We currently are developing on the 1,280-acre spacing mode using dual laterals. So that gives you an effective acreage of 430 if you think about how the dual laterals are configured. Still early days in the dual laterals, but our costs are averaging $10 million to $11 million each. EURs are 1 million barrels per well and our 30-day average IP rate's around the order of 400 to 500 barrels per lateral, so you effectively double that for a dual lateral.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay thanks. I noticed, Greg, in the trades that I guess it was PETRONAS has issued a platform tender for the JDA, new platform. Is that just part of production maintenance or is there potential for expanding production there?
Gregory Hill: No, that particular platform is just all part of production maintenance. That's all it is. Now we did acquire PM301 to the south and we're working with PETRONAS to try and bring PM301 into the JDA infrastructure.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. I noticed also apparently you and your colleagues in Libya made a fairly significant gas discovery in Waha. Any color you can provide on that?
Gregory Hill: No, not at this point, Mark.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. Just one further if I could. Anything to say about Marcellus activity at this point, Greg?
Gregory Hill: Yes. So again our plans in the Marcellus just to remind everyone, we've got about 92,000 acres in the Marcellus. That's split between Newfield and ourselves. Our plans are to drill five wells on the Newfield acreage in 2010, drill five wells on the Hess acreage in 2010. And we've got permits for those. Seven of those wells are going to be in the DRBC. The remainder will be in the Susquehanna River basin. So we've got all the permits we need and we will plan to finish our drilling before the end of the year.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: The end of 2010?
Gregory Hill: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Greg, maybe I'm missing something. You're talking about the 85,000 net acre. When I look at the 10-Q for the first quarter for American Oil & Gas I thought that they say it's 68,500 net acre in the Bakken and Three [ph] Locks (38:33) and then 131,000 in the Bigfoot. So what's the 85,000 refer to? Am I missing something here?
Gregory Hill: No, Paul, they've continued to expand their position there and continue to acquire acreage in the second quarter. So they're now at about 85,000 net acres as we speak.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: I see. And so they still have the 131,000 in the Bigfoot?
Gregory Hill: Yes, they do.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. So that's what the 85,000. And I know that it's early stage in but you ought to have some kind of expectation what is the recoverable resource that you may be targeting in order for you to pay the extra money. Is there a number that you can share here?
Gregory Hill: No, and I don't want to do that, Paul because obviously, we've got a range. We look at these things in a range. I just want to get some more wells in the ground and delineate some of that acreage before I give anybody definitive numbers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just some follow up questions on Australia. I think you mentioned you were in negotiations with partners on the 390 or commercialization plans. When do you plan to -- when do you think you'll be able to finalize that? And then any comment on the block you own with Woodside? Will that gas most likely go to Pluto-2 or any comment there?
Gregory Hill: Okay. Thanks, Arjun. Just to remind everyone on the call, remember this 390-P is a 16 commitment well block. As John said, we've now drilled 14 of those wells and 11 of which have been discoveries. So we'll finish out the two remaining commitment wells in the next couple months, and then we'll move right into an appraisal program and flow-testing phase using the same rig. So that will take us into the first quarter of 2011. So at that point in time in the first quarter of 2011, we'll be essentially done with drilling and appraisal. Regarding commercialization, we're still talking to all the parties down there, Wheatstone, Woodside, Shell. So all those discussions are still ongoing, Arjun, and we'll make a decision sometime next year on which route we're going to take.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Great. And on the Woodside block?
Gregory Hill: Yes, on the Woodside block, so Woodside's now drilled four of nine commitment wells. So they've had two discoveries in those four wells that they've drilled. They're on track to finish out the balance of their commitments also in 2010. And currently that gas is slated to go to Pluto-2.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it, that's great. And then just a follow-up on the Gulf of Mexico. You've always generally commented that within core areas, you're willing to expand if interesting packages come available. You've obviously done than that today with the Bakken and you did the Valhall. Does the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico still fit that bill? It's clearly an area of focus for Hess but if other smaller companies or midsize companies or even larger companies, BP's got a big asset sale announced. Does Hess view that as an area it is willing to expand in? Or is your sense of the risk profile there changed to the point that you prosecute your program but you're not really looking to expand in the Gulf?
Gregory Hill: No, I think we'll be opportunistic. I mean we will look and if things fit and they make sense to consolidate our position, we'll take a very objective look. I think all of us are just sort of waiting for the regulatory framework to see how that's going to shake out, but I think we'll be very opportunistic.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: That makes sense. And just a final one on your comments on the liability cap. There is a much lower threshold today that for all practical purposes BP has said we're going to pay all reasonable costs well above that cap. They're obviously a very prominent, large, global company. You all may not be as large as BP but you're also pretty well known. Is it practical to think a liability cap does have meaning for a company like Hess? Hopefully there won't be further catastrophic damages. Hopefully it wouldn't involve you if there is one, but you never know. Do you think practically speaking even if there is a liability cap you could effect it? Or like BP, do you just face so much pressure that you end up paying all that you have to pay?
John Hess: I wouldn't want to speculate. It's a great question, Arjun, about risk. I wouldn't speculate different outcomes that could happen. Obviously, this was a catastrophe. God willing, it doesn't happen again. But having said, the world's changed. And with the world changing, the cap should be raised. It should reflect the risk that one has in drilling in deepwater. And we've heard a lot of numbers out there so we want our voice heard. And we think a middle ground of saying $1 billion which is a big number but the cost of drilling the wells and the exposure of drilling wells in deepwater is high. So you have to have a cap that reflects that. But then again for a catastrophe, I think that's where mutual insurance, cooperative insurance comes in. And that's why above the $1 billion, I think it would make sense for a group to insure the risk as opposed to any sole company because otherwise just one or two companies would drill in the Gulf, and I don't think that would be a good outcome for anybody.
Operator: You have a question from the line of [ph] John Herlen (44:09) of Societe Generale.
Unidentified Analyst: With the Bakken, what are the completed well costs running? And how much is the frac as a percentage of total?
Gregory Hill: Okay, John, we typically won't break down all the well costs for you. I'll just say the total well cost, drilling and completion are averaging $10 million to $11 million for the dual laterals.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. With Ghana, what's your time to TD and resource potential?
Gregory Hill: So with Ghana, the plan is that we will begin drilling there in the latter part of fourth quarter. So we've got a drilling rig coming in there to just [ph] spot (44:52) our first well. We don't give any resource estimates at this point in time. I mean we haven't even drilled our first well yet.
Unidentified Analyst: Worth a shot, okay. With Paris, have there been any cores on this acreage you're going to be drilling? Do you know the age of the shelves?
Gregory Hill: Yes, there's been a number of old cores that were taken in years past. So we've gotten a lot of that core data. The geologists tell me that it's the closest analogue to the Bakken anywhere certainly in the European theater. So we're anxious to prosecute that development or the delineation of that.
Unidentified Analyst: Do you know if it has high organic silicon content?
Gregory Hill: Very similar to the Bakken.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Last one from me. Was American Oil & Gas a data room situation or was it solicited?
John Hess: Yes. We've been talking to each other probably for the last six months. So that was an ongoing situation to cover that dialogue.
Operator: You have a question from the line of Blake Fernandez of Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Incorporated: The only one I had for you is on your decision to issue stock for the acquisition. It seems like your balance sheet is very flexible and you could have easily paid cash. I'm just curious if there were any thoughts there.
John Hess: Well this was the case where the seller actually wanted to have our stock. So it had the added benefit of keeping our balance sheet strong. So it was just worked out where the use of stock and the transaction facilitated the acquisition of the high-quality acreage and our infrastructure. So it just worked out that way.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Faisal Khan of Citigroup.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup Inc: With the acquisition, does this sincerely change year 2015 net production target of roughly 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day?
Gregory Hill: Yes, I think it does. Clearly, we're pretty excited about the acreage. And it's clearly going to be accretive to our Bakken production target of 80,000 barrels a day in 2015. Once we complete additional drilling and some development planning, then we'll update our guidance accordingly.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question is a follow-up from the line of Edward Westlake of Crdit Suisse.
Edward Westlake - Crdit Suisse AG: The Red Sea well, I guess that is a pre-sell potential maybe a few words around that. And then secondly just all this discussion on the liability caps. I mean assuming as the versions of the House that came out last night and senate go through which is unlimited liability, that's clearly a challenge. And there's no text in there about some form of insurance cooperative. How do you fight that battle and can you talk about where that might come into the language?
Gregory Hill: I'll let John talk about the liability issues. I'll answer Northern Red Sea first. Northern Red Sea is block one. It's a Hess-operated block. It's got a water depth of about 710 meters. We've got a couple of prospects there that we're going to drill. It's believed to be an oil prospect. So that's where we're headed with that.
John Hess: And on the liability cap, there're a number as you know proposals of that are there, some of which you're referring to, none of which are absolute or definitive. They're just different ideas of different politicians being [ph] bandied (48:51) about. And so we think it's important to someone that is in the industry that has a position in the Deepwater Gulf, that is an independent to have our voice heard. And we're trying to find a middle ground that will allow activity to continue in the Gulf with competition. And yet at the same time, reflect the higher risk that we obviously have given the incident that occurred.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up from the line of a Mark Gilman of Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: John Hess, the utilization rate at the coker at HOVENSA, low in the first half of the year. Was there additional downtime in the second quarter? Or was it voluntarily curtailed? Give me some color on that if you could please?
John Hess: Yes. The lower utilization rate's not just in the coker but in the other units as well was unplanned downtime, Mark. And those issues have been dealt with and the units are running at a better rate.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: Okay. And just one other for John Rielly. U.S. DD&A unit rate creeping up pretty good. Anything anomalous about what it was in the second quarter, John?
John Rielly: Yes, it really related to a new well. So we brought on a new well in [ph] Lano (50:04) actually, a [ph] Misee (50:05) target that's doing well. But that DD&A rate is above the U.S. portfolio DD&A rate and that's what's driving up the U.S. DD&A rate.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company, LLC: So it'll stay there for a bit anyway until that well declines?
John Rielly: I would say it'll stay there through this year. And we'll see on the performance and the performance stats from the reserves towards the end of the year. So it's been a very good well actually.
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion of today's conference. I would like to thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-28 05:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jay Wilson - VP, IR John Hess - Chairman of the Board and CEO John Rielly - SVP and CFO 
Analysts:  Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs  Mark Gilman - Benchmark Corporation Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Mark Gilman - Benchmark Corporation 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Hess Corporation First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Meg and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jay Wilson:  Thank you, Meg, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess:  Thank you, Jay and welcome to our first quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments after which John Rielly will review our financial results. Net income for the first quarter of 2010 was $538 million versus a loss of $59 million a year ago. Our earnings were positively impacted by higher crude oil and natural gas selling prices and production volumes that more than offset the impact of weaker refining results. Exploration and Production earned $551 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 423,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 8% above the year ago quarter. This increase resulted primarily from higher production from the Shenzi and Conger Fields in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico and the JDA in the Gulf of Thailand. In January, we closed the previously announced sale of our Jambi Merang asset in Indonesia receiving proceeds of $183 million. At the end of March we announced the sale of a package of mature, non-operated natural gas production and transportation assets in the UK North Sea for $423 million. The sale, which is expected to close in the third quarter, is part of the company's ongoing portfolio management efforts. We also continue to make progress in finalizing our previously announced strategic asset trade with Shell, which is now expected to close in the second half of this year. In this trade, Hess will assume Shell's 28.09% interest in the Valhall field and 25% interest in the satellite Hod field in Norway. In return, Shell will assume Hess's 9.29% interest in the Clair field, in the United Kingdom and all of Hess' interests in Gabon. Although the net effect of these asset sales and the strategic asset trade with Shell is to reduce full year 2010 production by approximately 5,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, our 2010 production forecast remains at 400,000 to 410,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In North Dakota, net production from the Bakken reached 13,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in March. We currently have five rigs dedicated to drilling Bakken wells and we plan to add five additional rigs over the next 12 months. With regard to exploration, drilling is continuing on permits WA-390-P and WA-404-P in the North West Shelf of Australia. Also, discussions with potential partners regarding the commercialization of natural gas resources on our 100% owned WA-390-P block are ongoing. In February we spud the Pony No. 3 well on Green Canyon 469 in which Hess has a 100% working interest. This well which is still drilling, is designed to test the eastern extent of the Pony structure. Due to a previous farmed out agreement regarding the Stena Forth drill ship, we plan to release the rig in early June to another operator and then bring it back to finish drilling the well in the fourth quarter. In Brazil, the operator of Block BM-S-22 is in the process of completing the analysis of seismic, log and core data and plans to drill a third well in the second half of 2010. Hess has a 40% working interest in the block. And Indonesia, we have secured a rig to drill the Semai V prospect in which Hess has a 100% working interest. This well is expected to spud by the first quarter of 2011. With regard to our Deepwater Tano Cape Three Points Block in Ghana, we are seeking a rig and expect to spud the first as well by the first quarter of 2011 as well. Turning to marketing and refining, we reported a profit of $87 million for the first quarter of 2010. Financial results at our HOVENSA joint venture were below the year ago quarter primarily due to costs associated with the planned turnaround of the FCC and higher refinery costs. Marketing earnings were better than the first quarter last year. Retail marketing gasoline volumes on a per site basis were down 6%, but total convenience store sales were up 8%, due partly to new product offerings.  In Energy Marketing, although there were fewer heating degree days than the year ago quarter, the business delivered strong financial results. While fuel oil and natural gas sales volumes declined year-over-year, electricity sales were higher. Solid operating performance and improving commodity prices have strengthened our cash and liquidity position. We remain committed to maintaining our financial strength, so we are positioned to fund our investment opportunities to profitably grow our reserves and production. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly:  Thank you, John. Hello everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare first quarter 2010 results to the fourth quarter of 2009. First quarter 2010 consolidated results amounted to net income of $538 million compared with $358 million in the fourth quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production, Exploration and Production operations in the first quarter of 2010 had income of $551 million compared with $494 million in the fourth quarter. The first quarter results included after-tax income of $58 million relating to the sale of the Corporation's interest in the Jambi Merang natural gas development project in Indonesia. Excluding the effect of this asset sale, the change in the after-tax components of the results are as follows. Higher selling prices increased earnings by $48 million. Lower sales volumes decreased earnings by$ 95 million. Lower costs increased earnings by $48 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $2 million for an overall decrease in first quarter adjusted earnings of $1 million. Following a large overlift in the fourth quarter of 2009, E&P operations were underlifted compared with production in the first quarter of 2010, which decreased after-tax income by approximately $55 million. The E&P effective income tax rate was 45%. Turning to Marketing and Refining, Marketing and Refining operations had income of $87 million in the first quarter of 2010 compared with income of $17 million in the fourth quarter. Refining operations lost $56 million in the first quarter compared with a loss of $40 million in the fourth quarter. The Corporation's share of HOVENSA's results, after income taxes, was a loss of $52 million in the first quarter compared with a loss of $40 million in the fourth quarter. Port Reading generated a loss of $4 million in the first quarter and broke even in the fourth quarter. During the first quarter, the planned turnaround of the FCC unit at the HOVENSA refinery in St. Croix was completed and operations recommenced in March 2010. The Corporation's share of HOVENSA's turnaround expenses in the first quarter was approximately $20 million after income taxes. In addition, the scheduled turnaround for the Port Reading refining facility commenced in April and is expected to last approximately 35 days. The estimated after-tax expenses to be recorded in the second quarter for the Port Reading turnaround are approximately $20 million after-tax. Marketing earnings were $121 million in the first quarter of 2010 compared with $45 million in the fourth quarter, principally reflecting seasonally higher margins and refined product volumes in energy marketing operations. Trading activities generated income of $22 million in the first quarter compared with income of $12 million in the fourth quarter. Turning to Corporate, net Corporate expenses amounted to $48 million in the first quarter of 2010 compared with $97 million in the fourth quarter. Net Corporate expenses in the first quarter included an after-tax charge of $7 million for the repurchase of the remaining $116 million of bonds that were scheduled to mature in 2011. Net Corporate expenses in the fourth quarter included an after-tax charge of $34 million for the repurchase of $546 million of the 2011 bonds and $10 million for pension plan settlements related to employee retirements. Excluding these special charges, net Corporate expenses were lower in the first quarter, primarily due to lower employee-related costs. After-tax interest expense was $52 million in the first quarter compared with $56 million in the fourth quarter. Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter, including a decrease of $432 million from changes in working capital, was $825 million, Proceeds from the Jambi Merang asset sale were $183 million. Repayments of debt amounted to $142 million. Capital expenditures were $788 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash of $70 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the first quarter of $8 million. We had $1.370 billion of cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2010 and $1.362 billion at December 31, 2009. Our available revolving credit capacity was $3 billion at March 31, 2010. Total debt was $4.335 billion at March 31, 2010 and $4.467 billion at December 31, 2009. The Corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at March 31, 2010 was 23.6% compared with 24.8% at the end of 2009. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs :  Couple different questions. First, just on the Bakken, I think you mentioned you were up to five rigs so far. Just wondering how you're feeling about how the well costs are coming in and production rates, if there is any update there. And then also in the shale area, if there is any update on where you are on the Marcellus program?
Greg Hill:  On the Bakken first, yes, we have five rigs operating. We've got four dual lateral wells that we've completed to-date, and while it's still early days, results are coming in as expected on those wells. So, the well costs for those dual laterals were averaging $10 million to $11 million each. The EUR is about one million barrels per well and the 30 day average IP for those dual laterals is around the 1000 barrels a day, so that's 450 to 500 barrels per lateral.  If I turn to the Marcellus again, we're continuing to build our position in the Marcellus. We're at about 80,000 net acres now in the Marcellus, primarily in Wayne County, Pennsylvania. About 50,000 of that is Hess operated and the balance is part of this joint venture we have with Newfield. Our plan this year are to drill five to 10 wells during the second half of 2010 in order to evaluate the resource potential on the acreage.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs : If I can try one more on the Pony Eastern plank extension, if that does come in order of magnitude of what it might mean for Pony a 100 million barrels, 50, 100 something along those lines in terms of additional reserve potential?
Greg Hill: Yes, just a little background first on Pony 3. As John said in his opening remarks, it's an appraisal well on our 100% owned Block 469. It's really designed to delineate Pony reservoir on the eastern extension under the block. Now, the result for that well is going to be used to determine the final equity split in this combined Pony, (inaudible) joint development. Can't give any volume estimate, it's just way too early. I mean we are only at 25,000 feet in the well.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs : You are drilling your extension, I think they are drilling their Knotty Head number two, and maybe after those two wells, one from each of you, we can then get a unitization and some sort of agreement on the split?
Greg Hill: Absolutely, we're both going to use the results of both of those wells to kind of finalize our negotiations on the unitization.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs : And you think that will happen this year?
Greg Hill: We'll get the well. As John said in his opening remarks, the Stena Forth will come back and finish the well in the fourth quarter. So, early 2011 is when we'll be back in the discussions.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman from Benchmark Corporation. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Corporation:  Greg or John what's the holdup on the asset trade with Shell?
John Hess:  Mark, we have normal partner and government approvals to get, and it's just the normal course of that process. So there is nothing unusual that's going on.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Corporation:  Nothing unusual at all?
John Hess:  No, no, it's just the normal process of getting approvals from both partners as well as government.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Corporation:  John Rielly, am I correct that there is a potentially large deferred tax item in the quarter as a source of cash?
John Rielly:  No. If you are referring to from the working capital discussion, no, we just had a decrease in working capital in the quarter of $430 million. So our cash flow was quite strong from our operations. So, from that standpoint, there is nothing to say from a deferred tax aspect. So, if you remove the working capital, our cash flow would have been above $1.250 billion in the first quarter.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Corporation:  Greg Hill, where are we in terms of having a resource assessment for the North western Shelf Block, the 100% Block?
Greg Hill:  Let me just kind of give a broad update about Australia. So we are completing, as we speak, our 12th well. So this will be the 12th of 16 commitment wells. Of those 12, we've had 10 discovery so far. We plan to finish out drilling those 16 commitment wells by midyear and then after that we'll follow with an appraisal and blow testing phase during the second half.  Now, as we've said before, we don't plan to give resource estimates until our drilling programs are complete. On the commercialization side, we're continuing again in parallel the work you know various commercial options with all the potential partners.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Corporation:  Final one from me. The US liquids production in the first quarter dropped down from the fourth. Is that Bakken, Shenzi or is there something else going on?
Greg Hill: No, it's all Shenzi, and Shenzi declined as expected.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Corporation:  Kind of a steep decline over 90 days, Greg, isn't it?
Greg Hill :  Mark, we always knew that Shenzi was going to come off plateau. It's as we expected. I think if you look at what our expectation is for Shenzi for the year, it's going average between 30,000 and 35,000 barrels a day.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Corporation:  Net?
Greg Hill:  Yes, net.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch:  A couple of diverse questions from me also. Greg, the exploration expenditure in the quarter is  the run rate, obviously, sticks in that $150 million level, but there is not a whole lot of exploration activity going on. Can you just tell us what exactly are you doing right now in terms of fleshing out the program? What exactly are you spending on right now? And if you could give us an update on the well program for the balance of this year, particularly in the Gulf of Mexico, I think you had talked about possibly drilling two unnamed prospects at some point?
Greg Hill:  The majority of our spends in exploration, as you know, is in Australia. So that's both on our 390 Block and also the 404 Block with Woodside. As we move forward, where is our exploration spend going to move to, John mentioned in his opening remarks, of course, Ghana, we're contracting a rig for Ghana. We expect to spud the first well early 2011. We've also entered a rig sharing agreement with Murphy in Indonesia.  So we anticipate drilling Semai early 2011, maybe we can squeeze it in, in late 2010. And then, as we move further into 2011, of course, Australia continues with appraisal and follow-up. And then the Stena Forth, after she finishes Pony 3, we'll then begin an exploration program in the Gulf of Mexico. So plans are she will stay in the Gulf and just continue an exploration program. So that's just a little color on where it's headed.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch:  How do you identify the prospects in the Gulf, Greg?
Greg Hill:  We haven't finalized the drilling order. We've got two or three that we'd like to do. But we're working with partners trying to get commercial arrangements in place. So we have not finalized the drilling order.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch:  Jumping, if I may, to John Rielly. John is it possible you could give us a breakdown on the marketing earnings between retail and energy marketing, please?
John Rielly:  No, we don't go into specifics on the downstream side related to those business units. As John has said in his opening remarks, the majority of it related to our energy marketing operations.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch:  And the final one for me is, if we look at the last quarter you had some issues around the JDA in terms of delivering gas that had been previously paid for. Is that process now complete or can you just give us update as to where you stand in those deliveries?
John Rielly:  The take-or-pay, it's not an issue of deliverability from the JDA. It's a take-or-pay contract. So, what had happened early in the field due to getting the pipelines online a little bit late, the buyers were required to pay us for debt that wasn't delivered. So, we recorded a take-or-pay liability, if you want to say deferred revenues, and what happens is when the buyers take gas above a contractual nomination amount, they eat back into that take or pay liability.  If you remember in the fourth quarter, what happens is they get it at the prices that were in a factor in that time period. So, that's why from a revenue standpoint we showed a lower realization at the JDA. We still do have about 18 BCF I think left in our take or pay liability. So we have still have deferred revenues up on our books and that will continue to come down as the buyers take additional gas above the contracted amount.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  Just on your volumes and volumes guidance, would you mind, I did drop off the call for a second, so please forgive me if this is a repeated question that you've addressed, but I think what you were saying is that there obviously is the issue of the disposals. But I was still surprised given the run rate that you are achieving in this quarter that you would be retaining the full year guidance in the previous range. I'm just wondering firstly, did I miss something on disposals or other reasons why you are doing that? And secondly, if you could add anything else as to how you get to that full year number from what was obviously a strong Q1?
John Rielly:  Obviously, we were happy with our first quarter production performance. I'll come back to the asset trades. Normally for Hess, as you move throughout the year, and you get to the second quarter and particularly in the third quarter, our volumes always decrease typically due to the shutdowns in the UK and normal maintenance that's happening across the globe. So we always come in stronger in the first quarter and then get down. On top of that, we have these asset trades.  So, as John Hess mentioned, the UK gas assets as well as our trade with Shell are expected to be completed in the second half of the year, which will cause our production to decrease by approximately 5,000 barrels a day. So, at this point here, from our stronger performance, we are not changing our guidance that we went out earlier in the year with. So we are reflecting some of that stronger performance, but we're keeping our guidance at 400 to 410.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  But I guess this is a conservative numbers, isn't it?
John Rielly:  No. Again, we'll continue to update everyone as we go throughout the year, but we feel comfortable with that forecast range.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  And if I could continue on the guidance a little bit, please, I think you mentioned $1.250 is your underlying cash flow from operations, was there anything one-off about that number? I'm thinking about tax rates or anything else that might have boosted that. And the extension is that we were under $80 barrel of oil here and you are well in excess in terms of cash flows above CapEx and dividends. Could you just address how you intend to utilize that excess cash over the course of the year? My guidance CapEx number is $4.1 billion. Anything you could add on dividend policy or debt paydown, it would be great?
John Rielly:  Let me start with your first question, where there one-offs in the quarter? Cash flow from operating activities excluding working capital, it was, as you said, $1.250 billion. There were no real one-offs in there. You're asking about the tax rate, and if you're looking at our press release just from the E&P earnings which include this special, you'll see a tax rate around 40% for the Group.  However, that includes the special item on the Jambi Merang sale due to that, it was a share sale, did not have tax associated with it. So our run rate for the first quarter excluding the special was 45%, a little below our guidance, but basically, really, no one-offs in the first quarter from a cash flow standpoint. Then, as you are going forward through the year, it's early in the year right now, so we have that guidance at $4.1 billion. We always have things that move in and move out of our CapEx profile. At this point, we will update and it is our plan to update on the second quarter conference call on where our CapEx is going.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  And I guess what I was driving at is that you are generating excess cash, would you be pushing CapEx up, would be pushing dividend up, would you be pushing debt down?
John Hess:  As you know, Paul, the priority of our cash flow is to grow our reserves and production profitably. Our CapEx program reflects that. At the middle of the year, we'll be giving an update on that CapEx program, and it's a little hard now and inappropriate now to get ahead of ourselves. So, the first call on cash is CapEx, and then maintaining the company's financial strength for future investment.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Neil McMahon from Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein:  Hi, two questions, back again to Australia, obviously, you are looking at the best ways to commercialize the acreage there. Have you got any thinking as to whether it could be an outright exit out of Australia, having done extremely well in the exploration program, or are you looking at trying to get some partnership in the LNG schemes that are going on, particularly with Woodside, if you can give us any color on that? And secondly, just really any update on Libya and offshore, have you had any interest from any of the bigger companies in terms of farming in to your discoveries there or any updates in terms of how your geological geophysical studies are going?
Greg Hill:  First of all, let me address Australia. Our intention is to commercialize those resources, so that is our primary intention. As I said earlier, we're working with three different parties down there. We've have made no decisions on which liquefaction route we're going to take because we're still in commercial discussions, and we want to make sure we understand all the resources on the block before we make any decisions. In regards to Libya, recall we had two successful flow test on the Libyan block, and right now, we're currently on a joint feasibility study with the NOC, which includes development plans and commercial terms. So that's where we are on Libya right now.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein:  And any interest from other players getting enrolled with you in Libya?
Greg Hill:  The companies approaches, we've made no decisions on involving others in Libya at this point.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Robert Kessler from Simmons & Company. Please proceed.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company:  Greg, I might be getting too granular on the Bakken rate of change over just three months, but wanted to get a few points of clarification there. It looks like you are about 13,000 barrels a day now in the Bakken versus about 10,000 barrels a day about three months ago, which seems like a pretty good clip of growth, given I think your full year guidance for about 4,000 to 5,000 barrels a day of growth in the Bakken. Is it outperforming your expectations, and as a result, is there some upside to that full year expectation?  And then, just looking at your quotes on the four dual laterals completed to-date, thought that's about the same number you had in January. And with five rigs running, and I thought the bulk of the development activity dedicated to the dual lateral completion technique now, just wondering if maybe you've got a few wells now queued up awaiting completion that have been drilled, or again, maybe I'm splitting hairs, but just any more color, trying to help me fit those pieces together, if you don't mind?
Greg Hill:  No problem. So, on the production rate, first, we're essentially on plan and we're sticking with our 20,000 barrel a day production exit rate for the year, so no change there. Regarding your questions about the wells, I think probably what I said on the last call is that we drilled four wells. We've actually drilled nine dual laterals now, we just have completed four. So they are in various phases of completion.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley:  Maybe a broader question on the Bakken and following up on some of your previous comments on the dual laterals on whether you envision any change in the type of wells that you will be drilling as you ramp activity. Maybe from a lack of a better term, reservoir characterization mode to a manufacturing mode, meaning is there going to be change from the dual lateral to a single lateral? And then, secondly and somewhat related, I know on your last call you had referenced long-term Bakken service contracts as more imminent. Has anything been awarded there? Can we talk about any cost advantage with the lock up?
Greg Hill:  So, where are we on the drilling? Our current base plan is to utilize the dual laterals across most of our phase one acreage, and that's because the Middle Bakken and Three Forks are largely present across that phase one acreage. Now, the cost advantage of this approach is clear.  You get one less vertical wellbore, you have fewer downhole equipment, you have fewer surface facility. So, we really believe that there is dual lateral approach combined with the application of lean manufacturing techniques and pad drilling is going to result in superior returns for us on the Bakken, which is why we're going with that approach. Now, we'll say its early days. As we learn, as we need to, we'll change and modify as appropriate. But right now, we're happy with dual lateral performance.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley:  And any update on the long-term service contracts?
Greg Hill:  Yes. We've awarded the drilling rig contracts for five-year terms, we've awarded the pumping services contracts for five-year terms and we've awarded various construction contracts with varying lengths of terms.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley:  Taking that duration, do you get some price concession or how does that work?
Greg Hill:  We're pleased with the results of bidding.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley:  Maybe one other question, a little bit different, but the recent Brunei and Malaysia offshore territorial dispute being settled and opening up exploration there, I know Total is the operator, it has the 15% interest, any idea or thoughts on timing there in what's a pretty interesting neighborhood?
John Hess:  I think we're encouraged that the governments are talking and really seem intent on settling this issue finally. There was a partner meeting at the end of the month with the operator at the end of next month to talk about the go-forward plan. So that's really all I can say at this point.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ed Westlake from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Ed Westlake - Credit Suisse:   I guess a question on Ghana, obviously, a small dry hole for Tullow; does that change anything in terms of your view of your acreage there? A follow up on the Bakken in terms of, has there been any variation in the well resource  early days from region-to-region, and perhaps some commentary on the discounts that you think you'll get for the Bakken relative to WTI, really driven by the ability to get the crude oil out of the region. 
John Hess:  I'll go with first, and then Greg will pick up on the other questions you asked. Currently, the discounts have widened a little bit by about $2 off of WTI, so it's like $4 going to $6 range about. And that's because of demand and turnaround and work that's going on there. We can't predict differentials what WTI is going to do, but we see that narrowing back. So, the pricing that we've gotten in the past for at least the next year going forward we think that will hold for the increase in our Bakken.  So, anywhere from $2 to $6, let's go with $4 average. That's a guesstimated best. But I'm just trying to give you a feel that while the discounts have widened out in the last month or so, we expect them to come back in (inaudible) is back on stream, that's number one. Number two, as the volumes go up, we're going to continue to look at different evacuation routes to maximize value, and it will be premature now to say what those numbers are.
Ed Westlake:   And in terms of the variation, has there been any variation as you've drilled in different areas across the Bakken acreage that you've observed so far, good wells, bad wells?
Greg Hill:  So, on the Bakken, it's a statistical play. So you are going to have variation in your wells. We forecast on a probabilistic basis for the Bakken and we are well within the range. So we're not seeing anything. We're not being surprised by anything.  You had a second question, I think, about Ghana. I haven't seen the well data, and so I really can't comment on what it means.
Operator:  And your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: 
 :
John Rielly:  Paul, we're actually in a balanced position, I'm going to call, from an overall inventory position across our assets. There are obviously some assets that have a little bit higher inventory and some are little bit below, but if you go on quarter-by-quarter average, we feel we're in a pretty balanced position. So, it shouldn't be a material under or overlift occurring, let's say, in the next quarter. There will always be small ups and downs, though.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: 
 :
John Rielly:  No, we're not changing our guidance related to that, so with the UK gas asset sale and with Valhall trade. So, we still have cash costs at $15 to $16 for the year and DD&A at $14.50 to $15.50 for the year. And then, we'll update our guidance as we said just like on CapEx in the middle of the year.
Operator:  And the next question is from the line of Pavel Molchanov from Raymond James. Please proceed.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James:  You mentioned the five Marcellus wells in the second half. Just to clarify, is that on your own acreage, the JV acreage or both?
Greg Hill:  It will be on both acreage positions.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James:  And then, is there a level of gas prices where you might either cut back on that program or conversely where you might consider accelerating it?
Greg Hill:  No, I think its early days. We're just in the proving phase on the Marcellus.
Operator:  And your next question is from the line of Blake Fernandez from Howard Weil. Please proceed. 
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil:  Just a point of clarification. I thought I understood that Ghana was previously scheduled for second half of the year 2010. So I'm just trying to confirm has that been pushed to the right a bit first quarter '11, and if so, can you explain what the driver is there?
John Hess:  No, it hasn't. I think last time what we said is that we would drill the well in early 2011 that there was a possibility that we could squeeze it in at the end of 2010. But it's really going to depend on rig availability. We are out to tender with three separate companies right now to get a slot for the Ghana well. So, that's what driving the timing. It's just the slot timing.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil:  And then the only other question I have for you, is it just premature  I know you are getting ramped up in the Marcellus and the Bakken continues to ramp up, but with regard to international opportunities, is that something that's on the radar screen at this point or are you really just trying to focus on your expertise in the US right now?
John Hess:  I think as we've said before we are looking at international opportunities in unconventionals, but just not prepared to talk about that right now as to what we're specifically looking at. But we are looking.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman from Benchmark Corporation. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Corporation:  John Rielly, could I possibly ask you to put a volume number on that first quarter under lift in terms of barrels per day or total barrels and just also to isolate, if you could, the Libya piece of it?
John Rielly:  The under lift on a volume basis was 2 million barrels in the first quarter and it's primarily Azerbaijan, EG, UK, Algeria and Gabon. Libya did not factor into that.
Operator:  And there are no more questions in the queue. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-01-27 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Hess - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Greg Hill - President of Worldwide Exploration & Production John Rielly - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Jay Wilson - Investor Relations
Analysts: Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Robert Kessler - Simmons & Co. [Bruce Laning] - NCCI Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Kate Lucas - Collins Stewart
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Hess Corp. fourth quarter 2009 earnings conference call. My name is Francine and I am your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations; please proceed, sir.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Francine, and good morning everyone. Thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I would like to review key achievements of 2009 and provide some guidance for 2010. Greg Hill will then discuss our exploration and production business, and John Rielly will review our financial results. Corporate net income for the full year 2009 was $740 million. Exploration and Production earned $1.04 billion and Marketing and Refining earned $127 million. While our earnings were down versus the previous year, our results reflected strong production performance, increasing crude oil prices throughout 2009, and successful cost reduction efforts. In terms of our 2010 capital and exploratory program, we are revising our budget to $4.1 billion from $3.9 billion. This increase of $200 million is the result of the strategic asset trade with Shell announced in December, in which we will assume Shells interest in the Valhall and Hod fields in Norway, in exchange for Hesss interest in the Clair field in the United Kingdom and all of Hesss interest in Gabon. The transaction is anticipated to close in the first quarter and be effective January 1, 2010. As another step to improve our portfolio, we completed the sale earlier this month of our interest in Jambi Merang in Indonesia, receiving proceeds of $180 million. As in previous years, substantially all of our 2010 spending will be targeted to Exploration and Production, with $2.4 billion budgeted for production operations, $800 million for developments, and $850 million for exploration. With regard to Exploration and Production, in 2009 we replaced 103% of production at an FD&A cost of about $20 per barrel of oil equivalent. At year end, our proved reserves stood at 1.44 billion barrels of oil equivalent, and our reserve life was 9.5 years. In 2009, we increased crude oil and natural gas production 7% to 408,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In 2010, we forecast that crude oil and natural gas production will average between 400,000 and 410,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. This forecast includes a net reduction of about 3,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day resulting from the strategic asset trade with Shell. With regards to developments, the Shenzi field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, in which Hess has a 28% interest, commenced production in March and achieved a net rate of about 40,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day during the second half of 2009. We also sanctioned our Bakken shale development in North Dakota. We plan to build up to a 10 rig program over the next 18 months and invest about $1 billion per year over the next five years. As a result, we expect net production to increase from 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day currently to 80,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2015. In exploration, we had continued success at our 100% owned WA-390P Block offshore Australia, where in 2009 we drilled seven wells, six of which were natural gas discoveries. In Libya, we successfully flow tested the A1 discovery well on our 100% owned Area 54 license and subsequently drilled and successfully flow tested a down dip appraisal well. With regard to Marketing and Refining, our full year 2009 financial results were lower than 2008, as the weak economy continued to have a negative impact on our business. Our HOVENSA joint venture refinery experienced losses as a result of significantly lower distillate crack spreads and narrow light heavy crude oil differentials. In retail marketing, our financial results were adversely affected by lower gasoline volumes, which were 3% below last year, and weaker margins, partially offset by higher convenience store sales, which were up nearly 11% from last year. In energy marketing, we generated stronger financial results and increased sales of fuel oil and electricity. In 2009, we maintained a strong financial position in the face of a difficult economic environment. Our debt-to-capitalization ratio at the year end was 24.8%, a slight increase over 2008. Our liquidity was enhanced by the February 2009 issuance of $1 billion of 10 year notes and $250 million of five year notes to reduce short term debt. Also in the fourth quarter of 2009, we refinanced notes due in 2011 by issuing $750 million of 30 year bonds. We are pleased with our performance during 2009 despite a challenging and volatile year. We remain committed to our strategy of investing to profitably grow our reserves and production on a sustainable basis. We are extremely excited about our future investment opportunities, which we believe will create long term value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Greg Hill.
Greg Hill: Thank you, John. Let me begin with production. In 2009, crude oil and natural gas production averaged 408,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was up 7% versus 2008. Production growth was underpinned by strong performance from the Shenzi field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, a full year of Phase II natural gas sales from the Malaysia, Thailand Joint Development Area, and overall solid operating performance. In 2009, we added proved reserves of 157 million barrels of oil equivalent at an FD&A cost of about $20 per barrel of oil equivalent, yielding a replacement ratio of 103% and an ratio of 9.5, a good result considering the capital spending reductions we made and our strong production growth in 2009. Including this years results, our five year average rig reserve replacement ratio is 162%, and our average FD&A cost is about $16 per barrel of oil equivalent. In December, we announced a strategic asset trade with Shell that provides us with an opportunity to consolidate our portfolio and double our interest in the now Valhall and Hod fields in Norway, which are long life producing assets with significant reserves and upside potential, which will further support our long term objective of profitably growing our reserves and production. Turning to our capital program for 2010, we plan to invest nearly $1 billion in the Bakken oil shale play in North Dakota, where we hold more than 500,000 net acres. We expect our average rig count to increase from three in 2009 to 10 in 2011. At Pony in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we plan to drill an additional appraisal well and anticipate unitization of Pony and Knotty Head in 2010, followed by project sanction in 2011. The remainder of our capital program will focus on continued investment in a number of our core assets including Shenzi, field redevelopment at Valhall, and additional development drilling in Equatorial Guinea, the Malaysia-Thailand JDA, and Pangkah in Indonesia. Turning to exploration, in Australia, as a result of the 2009 drilling program on our 100% owned Western Australia 390P license, we have now drilled 11 of the 16 commitment wells on the block and have had nine discoveries. We plan to drill the additional five commitment wells during the first half of 2010 and are considering further appraisal wells. At the same time, we are continuing discussions regarding commercialization. Also at the Western Australian 404P license, in which Hess has a 50% interest, the operator, Woodside, will drill eight wells during 2010. Earlier this week, the operator announced that the first of these wells, Noblige-1 resulted in a natural gas discovery. By the end of the year, we should therefore have a much clearer picture of the future development options in Australia. In Libya, we have completed operations on two wells on our 100% owned Area 54 license. In 2010, we will reprocess 3D seismic and begin discussions with the government about future plans and commercial options. In Brazil, we completed two wells, obtained 450 feet of core, and gathered a large amount of log and pressure data on the BM-S-22 license, in which Hess has a 40% interest. In 2010, the partnership will use this data to reprocess 3D seismic and drill a third well in the second half. In both Ghana and Semai V in Indonesia, we continue to technically mature our 100% owned prospects during 2009 and expect to be in a position to drill in late 2010 or early 2011 and finally, in unconventional resources, we continue to selectively grow our position with the acquisition of 80,000 net acres in the Marcellus in 2009. In 2010, we will begin evaluation drilling and seek to acquire additional acreage. In closing, Im very pleased with the performance of E&P in 2009. We successfully navigated difficult business conditions in the early part of the year through tight spending controls and strong operating performance. We also continued to advance our portfolio of material exploration opportunities and strengthened our growth options for the future.  Thank you. Now, Ill hand the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thank you, Greg. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare fourth quarter 2009 results to the third quarter. Fourth quarter 2009 consolidated results amounted to net income of $358 million, compared with $341 million in the third quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production, Exploration and Production operations in the fourth quarter of 2009 had income of $494 million, compared with $397 million in the third quarter. The third quarter included after tax income of $89 million relating to the resolution of a royalty dispute on production from certainly leases subject to the U.S. Deep Water Royalty Relief Act. Excluding the effect of the royalty matter, the after tax components of the improved results are as follows. Higher selling prices increased earnings by $151 million. Higher sales volumes increased earnings by $49 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $14 million, for an overall increase in fourth quarter adjusted earnings of $186 million. In the fourth quarter of 2009, our E&P operations were over lifted compared with production, which increased after tax income by approximately $40 million. However, earnings were lower in the fourth quarter by $20 million due to deliveries of natural gas to partially settled take-or-pay obligations at the JDA for volumes previously paid for by the buyers at a lower price. The E&P effective income tax rate was 47% for the fourth quarter of 2009. The E&P effective income tax rate was 48% for the full year of 2009, excluding items affecting comparability between periods. Turning to Marketing and Refining, Marketing and Refining operations had income of $17 million in the fourth quarter of 2009, compared with income of $38 million in the third quarter, which included a non-recurring income tax benefit of $12 million. Refining operations lost $40 million in the fourth quarter, compared with a loss of $15 million in the third quarter, excluding the non-recurring income tax benefit. The Corporations share of HOVENSAs results after income taxes was a loss of $40 million in the fourth quarter compared with a loss of $30 million in the third quarter, primarily reflecting lower margins. Port Reading broke even in the fourth quarter compared with earnings of $16 million in the third quarter. Marketing earnings were $45 million in the fourth quarter of 2009, compared with $35 million in the third quarter, principally reflecting seasonally higher margins and refined product volumes in energy marketing operations. Trading activities generated income of $12 million in the fourth quarter, compared with income of $6 million in the third quarter. Turning to our bond offering and tender, in December 2009 the Corporation issued $750 million of new 30 year bonds at a coupon of 6% and tendered for the $662 million of bonds due in August 2011. The Corporation completed the repurchase of $546 million of 2011 bonds as of December 31. The remaining $116 million of bonds were redeemed in January and will result in an after tax charge of approximately $7 million in the first quarter of 2010. Turning to corporate, net corporate expenses amounted to $97 million in the fourth quarter of 2009, compared with $33 million in the third quarter. Net corporate expenses in the fourth quarter included after tax charges of $34 million for the repurchase of the $546 million of 2011 bonds referred to earlier and $10 million for pension plan settlements related to employee retirements. Excluding the effect of these two items, net corporate expenses increased in the fourth quarter due to higher bank facility fees, employee related expenses, insurance costs, and lower returns from pension related investments. For the full year 2009, net corporate expenses were $145 million, excluding items affecting comparability. After tax interest expense was $56 million in the fourth quarter, compared with $61 million in the third quarter. For the full year of 2009, after tax interest expense was $224 million. Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter including an increase of $256 million from changes in working capital was $1.271 billion. Net proceeds from the bond offering were $744 million. Repayments of debt amounted to $656 million. Capital expenditures were $925 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash flow of $29 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $405 million. We had $1.362 billion of cash and cash equivalents at December 31, 2009 and $908 million at December 31, 2008. Our available revolving credit capacity was $3 billion at December 31, 2009. Total debt was $4.467 billion at December 31, 2009 and $3.955 billion at December 31, 2008. The Corporations debt-to-capitalization ratio at December 31, 2009 was 24.8%, compared with 24.2% at the end of 2008. Now turning to 2010 guidance, in addition to the 2010 production and capital expenditure guidance given by John Hess, I would like to provide further information on certain 2010 financial metrics. Our E&P cash operating costs are expected to be in the range of $15 to $16 per barrel of oil equivalent produced. Depreciation, depletion, and amortization charges are expected to be in the range of $14.50 to $15.50 per barrel for a total production unit cost of $29.50 to $31.50 per barrel of oil equivalent produced. For the full year of 2010, we currently expect our E&P effective tax rate to be in the range of 47% to 51%. In January 2010, HOVENSA commenced a turnaround of its FCC unit, which is expected to take approximately 40 days. The Corporations estimated share after income taxes of HOVENSAs turnaround expenses is approximately $20 million. The Corporation is also planning a turnaround of approximately 35 days for the Port Reading refining facility in the second quarter of 2010. The estimated after tax expenses for the Port Reading turnaround are approximately $25 million. Net corporate expenses in 2010 are estimated to be in the range of $160 million to $170 million, and after tax interest expense in 2010 is anticipated to be in the range of $220 million to $230 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: A couple questions, just the first on the Bakken. You mentioned the rig count there is going from three rigs in 09 to 10. I believe you said 2011. Just so I make sure I kind of understood the contribution to 2010 from ramping up your Bakken activity. Will we see kind of much production contribution from the increased activity this year? Or should we think about that as sort of more of 2011 and beyond?
Greg Hill: Yes, we will see some production contribution next year. We anticipate volumes to be up on average 4,000 to 5,000 barrels a day in the Bakken next year. Sorry, in 2010.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: In 2010 and would that be 10 rigs by early 11 and so, we can kind of think of as proportional, or is there a midyear or some point where it kind of steps up in terms of the rig count in the Bakken for this year?
Greg Hill: Arjun, it will be a gradual ramp to 10 rigs by the middle of 2011.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Then apologies, if Im nitpicking the language here, but I think you said the Brazil well will be second half of this year. I think weve always thought it was closer to year end, which obviously does fall into the second half, but is there a chance you actually do go back to the third well say in the third quarter, or sometime earlier? I guess the related part of that is do you know when youll get the rig back from Petrobras that was loaned out to them for a temporary basis?
Greg Hill: No, Arjun, of course it will ultimately be the operators decision, but kind of the hard line in the sand is the well has to be spudded by October 2, of 2010. So we have to have the well underway by that period of time.
Operator: Your next question comes from Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: I had a question, whether it was a change of language in your preceding comments. I thought you mentioned that Ghana may be late 2010 versus a 2011 spud date. Is that correct? How is that allocated under your current budget?
Greg Hill: So whats going to drive the timing on both Ghana and Semai V in Indonesia is our technical readiness. So we are trying to get those wells ready to drill at the end of 2010, but thats going to depend upon whether we have all our seismic reprocessing work done. In terms of the budget, what weve assumed is that, well actually spud those wells in 2011. So obviously if we pull those into the late fourth quarter, therell be some minor budget impact in 2010.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: I think you also mentioned, did you say that youd expect to know more on Australia until year end, I thought midyear prior. Is that correct? Is there any change there? If there is, whats going to driving that change?
Greg Hill: No, I think what weve said is that, we will finish out our exploration drilling program by mid year, July-August kind of timeframe. What were currently evaluating is additional appraisal wells on the back end of that program. So I think, obviously, as we get towards the end of the program and into our appraisal program, well have a much better understanding of what the total volume on the block is at that point in time.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: Then youre still allocating yourself sometime to consider various monetization alternatives; is that the difference in the timeframe as well?
Greg Hill: Yes, absolutely. I think this year, we are in discussions with Chevron, Shell, and Woodside about liquefaction options and anticipate being in those discussions for the majority of 2010.
Operator: Your next question comes from Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: I want to try a couple here. First one, I guess, is for Greg. Greg, the Bakken production target 80,000 barrels a day is obviously a big number. Its kind of come out of nowhere, if you compare back to the last couple of years, to where the focus was. Can you maybe just give just a little more color as to what exactly has going on here in terms of why this has now been given such a high profile? If I may just layer on a related question, the operating costs from the likes of Brigham and Continental and those other guys out there are obviously much, much lower than your guidance lets say for the current year. So, if this thing is going to be 20% of your production a couple years down the line, why are we not seeing any drop in the guidance on cash flow operating costs? I have a follow-up for John Rielly, if thats okay.
Greg Hill: Yes, that will be fine. So let me take the first question and then Ill turn it over to John after that. So, Doug, I mean really what nothing has really changed in the Bakken. Of course, what happened in 2009 was that the oil price shock in the early part of the year. We were actually well advanced in our thinking in the Bakken in late 2008; and we actually put the brakes on a bit in 2009 just to wait and see where the oil price was actually going to go. That actually gave us some breathing space to really get our entire plans together, figure out our contracting strategy, etc. So really over the course of 2009, thats what we did. We finalized our thinking; we finalized our contracting strategy; and then at the end of the year took sanction on that project. So nothing has really changed in our thinking about the Bakken. It was just a timing thing related to the oil price shock in early 2009. Again, Id like to remind everyone the Bakken is robust at $40. It returns the cost of capital at $40. So thats why we feel very confident kind of pulling the trigger on the Bakken now and aggressively going after a five year program. Ill turn it over to John to answer the cost question.
John Rielly: I mean as far as the cost, and I guess youre referring to the overall cost figure that I gave for the portfolio, in the Bakken and our costs are very competitive. We benchmarked our drilling time and our drilling costs there. So our costs are very competitive, but when youre in the Bakken and were in a growth mode and as Greg said, as were ramping up the 10 rigs. The amount of drilling activity its there, its fairly intensive at this point. The overall cash cost in the Bakken are higher than our average of our portfolio. So at this point in time, actually the Bakken is one of the reasons that our overall cash cost in the portfolio are going up. Now as Greg said, the returns are very good. We like the returns in the Bakken; and obviously we like being in the U.S. in the shale play and the lower risk, but if youre looking at the one line from the cash cost standpoint, the Bakken does have an average production cost higher than our portfolio.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: I guess the cash operating cost, something around $6, does that sound about right in the Bakken?
John Rielly: We actually dont get into individual aspects of it, but again, as Ive saying, Doug, the cash costs in the Bakken are above the average of our portfolio.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: I guess Im thinking more about a run rate versus your competitors as you go forward. The follow-up I had, it maybe isnt for John Rielly, but Ill see which one of you guys wants to take this, but reserve replacement, if youve got I guess a five-year program, $1 billion a year, again related to the Bakken. What are we talking about in terms of reserve ads? How we are likely to see that, given project has been sanctioned? How are we likely to see those be booked as we move forward?
Greg Hill: Yes, Doug, I think you know we dont project that far into the future, but of course, the reserve ads will be an annual reserve ads as we kind of drill out the acreage. Just to give you some perspective, in our reserve adds of $157 million this year, the Bakken was about $30 million, $31 million barrels associated with a three rig program. So likely to get gives you some context.
Doug Leggate - Merrill Lynch: Okay, Greg, just to clarify on this. Youve talked about drill laterals, a million barrels per drill lateral. Is that still a good number?
Greg Hill: Yes, I think at this point thats still a pretty good number. To be fair, we only have four dual laterals in the ground now. So I think its a little early to give definitive numbers about that, but I think at this point in the play, thats probably a decent number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Maybe several quick questions for Rielly. Youre talking about the fourth quarter, that you have an over-lift. As of year end from an inventory standpoint, are we still over-lift, or under-lift, or neutral?
John Rielly: Right now, Paul, we are over-lifted, if you want to say from the standpoint. So we can see that potentially as we look at the first quarter, that we can see an under-lift coming. Now, while it all turn around in the first quarter? No. Overall, though, we are in a slight over-lift position as we look at inventory.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Can you tell us that by how much?
John Rielly: Paul, its just so different, because it all really compares on the amount of the liftings that come in and the timings of those liftings. So its not an extensive amount, but you could easily see a million barrels flipping on us.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Then for Greg, for sometimes that you guys really have not spent any time talking about West Med in Egypt. Does that means that the play is not a priority and that the resource potential is really nothing excited for you guys to talk about yet? Or whats the reason why we havent heard much about it?
Greg Hill: I mean the simple answer is weve got some well results; were reprocessing seismic data and figuring out what our next steps are, so again, we prioritize all our investments in our global portfolio, and thats just where its fallen in the seriatim of ranking.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So is it just really that as of this point, at least based on what you know when you rank it, this is a way behind Bakken, way behind Brazil, Ghana, and everything, right?
Greg Hill: I think thats fair to say. I mean, its in the queue later than those development programs.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: You have not talked about, or maybe I missed it; if I do I apologize. Have you talked about what is your deepwater Gulf of Mexico drilling program for this year; is there any interesting or high potential well that youre going to drill for the first six months of the year that we should be aware?
Greg Hill: In the Gulf of Mexico, our first well that were going to drill in the Gulf will actually be the Pony appraisal well. Well drill that with the Stena Forth in the early part of the year. After that, were still trying to finalize the sequence, the Gulf of Mexico relative to other parts of the world. Part of it depends on Ghana, Libya, some of these other things as to whether, how were going to utilize that rig and where she goes. So we just dont have a definitive answer on the Gulf of Mexico program beyond Pony at this point.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Why we would be drilling another well in Pony? I thought that is already quite thoroughly delineated by, say, early last year?
Greg Hill: It is, but we have a block next door called 469. So wed like to drill a well in 469, and assuming its successful brings that into the unit. What that also does it allows us to hold the block 469. So thats why we decided to drill that Pony appraisal well.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So youre not actually drilling at the existing block for the Pony. Youre actually drilling it in the adjoining block and trying to see whether that the reservoir extend into that.
Greg Hill: Exactly.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: How far is that from the discovery or from the appraisal well?
Greg Hill: Dont know the distance, but you can say its probably about a half a Gulf of Mexico block to the edge of 469.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: When Im looking at your capital spending, youre only going to spend about $800 million for the development effort and far lower I think than the percentage to the past than what you spend in the development. So other than Bakken, is there any other major development project maybe coming on stream over the next two years?
Greg Hill: Yes, the way Id rather think about this, Paul, is I dont really split it between production and development. That is a bit of an arbitrary split inside of our own company. The big areas where were spending money in 2010, of course North Dakota is the flagship; so that will be around $1 billion. Valhall of course is in the final phase of its redevelopment; that will be around $650 million or so in Valhall, followed by the deepwater Gulf of Mexico next, about $300 million. Thats a combination of Shenzi and some other wells that were going to do in the Gulf and then after that, its a whole seriatim in $150 to $100 million chunks really across the board.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Greg, can you remind me always to drag on so long. For the Valhall, when that redevelopment is going to come on stream and what is the net production to you guys going to be after this well?
Greg Hill:  Well, the bulk of the redevelopment work will be done by mid 2011. So, all of that work will be done by then and then youll see additional wells come on be drilled and come on production.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: What is net impact to you guys after the asset swap?
John Rielly: Just for information, Paul, in 2009, the net production for Valhall to us was 14,000 barrels a day. So, that was, again, at our 28% interest. So subsequent to this transaction we will double that 28% interest.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay, but Im saying that after the completion on the redevelopment, what is the benefit that is going to be to you?
John Rielly: Right, I think what Greg was saying, it will start once we start doing the drilling. So the redevelopment again is replacing the facilities that are out there on the field, which will allow us to continue the development drilling and then the production will ramp up from there once the drilling starts
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So in other words, when you say complete by mid 2011, you are not going to see any increase in production in perhaps that after that as you ramp up your drilling?
John Rielly: Thats right.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Kessler - Simmons & Co.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Co.:  I wanted to see if you could clarify a few numbers on the reserves. In the Bakken, it sounds like you added about 30 million barrels, if I heard correctly and I want to say the prior number on Bakken reserves was about 50. So can you confirm youre at about 80 million barrels for the Bakken now and then on Shenzi, given that the positive production performance there in 2009, any positive revisions to reserves?
Greg Hill: So let me just kind of highlight some of the major areas of reserve adds because I said, the Bakken was about 31. We had some performance additions at Libya for another 24 to 25 million barrels. Russia and Okume were each just shy of 20 million barrels. It was really just across the board additions and revisions. So the biggest single area again was the Bakken.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Co.:  Then just a quick one on the Bakken as well. You guys put out for data think some long term service contracts. How close are you to those at this point have any been awarded or what is the expected timing from here?
Greg Hill:  Very close and imminent.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Co.: Im assuming you are still fairly happy with what you have seen come back from contractors.
Greg Hill: Yes, we are.
Operator:
  :
Bruce Laning - NCCI: A couple questions follow up on the reserve replacements that were just asked. Can you give approximate breakout of the additions and revisions? That would be the first question. So, in other words, what is the net organic number out of that total?
Greg Hill: Okay, so let me see if I can walk you through this a bit. So if you add back the price, the total addition from all sources is 192 million barrels. The only acquisition number in there is 16 million barrels. So if you take that out, your organic additions, your true organic additions are about 176 million barrels.
Bruce Laning - NCCI: Was the bulk of that through additions, revisions, or actual drill bit? Can you comment on that?
Greg Hill: Yes, the bulk by far was through revisions. So, of the 157 million in total, 144 million was associated with revisions and 31 was associated with extensions and discoveries; and then 17 was associated with acquisitions. So, that gives you kind of the breakout of all three pieces.
Bruce Laning - NCCI: Just one more question on Libya, can you add any more color or detail to what you are seeing in Libya now that you have two wells down I mean do you have any idea of what size you are dealing with and anything associated with that?
Greg Hill: No, we dont yet. I think what we can say is weve had two successful path. The result of one was published, so that was about 27 million cubic feet and 500 barrels a day of condensate or so through a 52, 64 choke. The second well tests werent published and thats because we dont have permission from the Libyan Government. So we really cant speak too much about Libya, but suffice to say we had two very successful tests.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: A couple things, John Rielly, could you just clarify your comment about the impact of the take-or-pay situation on the JDA I guess I kind of lost you on that?
John Rielly: Sure, Mark at in prior years, actually it was in 2005, 2007, and 2008, the contract that we have with the JDA is take-or-pay and so what happened is that the buyers, pretty much related to their pipeline delivery to their pipeline they couldnt take all the quantity of gas under the contract. So they paid us for that and at that point in time, it was approximately 36 Bcf was in this gas bank. So now in the fourth quarter of 2009, they took 17.6 Bcf related to that gas bank and so they had already paid for that gas at prices that were in effect in 05, 07, and 08. So what we had to do was essentially deliver that gas to them at basically those prices that we had built up deferred revenue associated with it. So they received that gas free during that when they start taking down the gas bank and what we have is basically 18 Bcf left in the gas bank; and we have deferred revenue on our books of just under $80 million associated with that take-or-pay liability.
Greg Hill: John, when you referred to the $20 million hit, that was an opportunity cost?
John Rielly: Absolutely compared to current market prices for the gas.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Im with you on that now. Greg, I guess Im a little unclear on what the economic and NPV merits are of the asset swap with Shell. No matter how I look at it, unless there is some big upside numbers associated with the incremental resource on Valhall and incremental production, it looks NPV negative. Particularly with the front end increase in spend as well as the very low profitability of those barrels given the tax situation. Can you help me understand that a little bit?
Greg Hill: Yes, Mark. I think we see significant upside in Valhall. This is a joint field with very, very low recovery factors. So I think there is an awful lot more upside potential in Valhall. We will be working with the operator, BP to unlock that upside potential. So we dont see it as value neutral at all. We see additional value.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: What is the recovery factor currently, Greg and what do you think it can go to?
Greg Hill: Im not going to give you that number; but we can certainly call you back and give it to you. I dont know what it is off the top of my head.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Greg, just one other. Can you give us your current thoughts on length of plateau on production at both Shenzi and Ceiba/Okume going forward? How long do you think the plateau holds?
Greg Hill: I wish I could. On Shenzi, I think we have been pleasantly surprised, pleased I guess, with the performance of the aquifer. So, how long that plateau lasts depends upon the performance of the aquifer and so far so good. Now, of course on Shenzi you have additional drilling opportunity as well that will keep that plateau for a number of years, but again, the big uncertainty is the aquifer and the pressure and how long does that hold.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Have you seen any pressure fall off in any of the wells yet?
Greg Hill: Not significant. So we are seeing good pressure support from the aquifer. Having said that, we are in the stages of planning for water injection, so I think the operator and us believe we believe ought to be conservative there and make sure that we have adequate injection support . Equatorial Guinea, we continue to drill additional wells there. Weve got a number of years left of kind of plateau production in Equatorial Guinea.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I appreciate a lot has changed here, but in many respects thats the reason for the question. If we roll all the way back to the 2006 analyst meeting, the last analyst meeting, you talked about I believe 3% to 5% volume growth and 5% to 8% reserves growth. Obviously, theres been a huge change here in regards particularly to the Bakken. Weve also got a situation where youve talked about 09 as being a very strong year, well above that target for production growth. Not so much next year on the volume growth side. Can you just give me some idea of how youre thinking about the parameters of reserves growth going forward relative to the game changer in the Bakken and the higher CapEx that you have this year? The 9.5 year reserves life and the aspiration I believe was to get that to above 10, and any other sort of new parameters that we can think about at a corporate long term level relative to that previous target? Thanks.
John Hess: When we had the analyst meeting, we were definitely in the investment mode to grow our reserves. With the ultimate objective of getting to a reserve production life of 10, which we reached last year and were close to it in terms of where we were at the year end. Our targets going forward as you are well aware over the last year or so have evolved to where on a sustainable basis to optimize financial returns to set a 3% growth target per year for reserves and a 3% production target as well on an annual basis. That is really to be looked at because the E&P business being so capital intensive and lumpy in the timing of developments. Its over the longer term, year-in, year-out, like last year we were over 7%, now its a 3%, 2010 closer to flat on production, but our long term targets, meaning a five year rolling average. We still aspire to and certainly feel that we have captured the opportunities in our portfolio of exploration and developments and production investments to deliver a 3% a year reserve growth and 3% a year production growth. So those are the targets going forward. You cant judge us on a one year basis. You have to do it over the long term, because this is a long term business and we feel very good between our Bakken program, our exploration projects that we have in queue, the Pony project going forward, that were pretty much on trend to meet those objectives.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: If I could just ask a follow-up on FD&A, you mentioned $20 a barrel for the year, again allowing for the lumpiness. What do you think the outlook for that is? Can you bring that number down back towards the average that you talked about over five years of $16 a barrel?
John Rielly: Thats obviously very difficult to forecast. Again, with the lumpiness that we have, so I mean Greg had mentioned we have the Pony sanction that will be coming up in 2011. Bakken will be more of a consistent provider, but again, with the way exploration projects and things like that come on stream, its very difficult to forecast and where is industry cost going to go? Where are commodity costs going to go? So its difficult. I mean were very focused on being as efficient as possible to drive that cost down as low as we can.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I guess the Bakken, obviously is bringing the cost down overtime and I guess youre also seeing that its going to be able to continue this sort of the reserves add performance that youve seen in 09.
Greg Hill: I think thats a fair assumption. So the Bakken will bring it down and I think youll see very similar kind of reserves adds year-on-year. Obviously, the pace is going to go up, so with that will come more reserve adds.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Then just a very specific one for me, the swap with Shell, was that a reserves? Was there a net reserves impact from that?
Greg Hill: Yes, there will be. There will be a positive upward revision to our account of over 100 million barrels this year. Shell In 10, obviously?
Greg Hill: Yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Most of them have been answered, but when I look at your year end 09 versus year end 08 reserves, can you tell me what the change would be had oil prices been constant year-over-year? In other words, how much did you lose through higher pricing under your production sharing contract?
Greg Hill: So the price revisions in our reserves number were a negative 35 million barrels this year.
Pavel Molchanov - Raymond James: Is that essentially all under your DSCs overseas?
Greg Hill: Yes, it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: I had a question on the Bakken. I know youre testing kind of dual lateral, single lateral, trying to find the optimal well. Im just curious if you have any estimate on kind of the timeframe before you identify that, presumably once you identify it and move to a more of a program kind of drilling program, Im assuming that should get you some efficiencies and help lower the cost, but wanted to get your thinking on that?
Greg Hill: Our development plan is to drill dual laterals, one in the Three Forks, one in the Middle Bakken, and as I said earlier, we only have four wells done so far with that configuration, but suffice to say theyve been very successful and the cost of a dual lateral versus two single wells, theres quite a cost advantage there. Were early in the learning curve, and were also contracting rigs at a little bit better price. So I think youll see those costs continue to drop. We also plan to apply lean manufacturing to the play as well. So my experience with that is youll see these costs continue to drop on the wells as we go forward.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: The only other one I had for you, on the Marcellus, it looked like the verbiage in the release suggested you were looking to add acreage. Im just curious if there was any targeted amount and what your thinking is on entertaining new plays or just kind of focus on the Marcellus for the time being?
Greg Hill: I think we will be opportunistic in the Marcellus is what I would say. I mean theres still some more acreage in and around our existing acreage that we would like to pickup. In regards to the second part of your question, I think Ive spoken about this before. We view the globe as really the unconventional playground for us. So we are looking in a number of places around the globe at unconventional.
Operator: Your final question comes from Kate Lucas - Collins Stewart.
Kate Lucas - Collins Stewart: Just a couple of quick points of clarification on the Bakken, first of all, you talked about the economics being robust down to $40 a barrel and the project returning cost of capital returns at that price. Is that your realized price in the Bakken or is that a NYMEX price?
Greg Hill: Thats, WTI price.
Kate Lucas - Collins Stewart: Then just as you look at the Bakken production growth that youre targeting over the next several years, are you concerned at all about any infrastructure constraints?
Greg Hill: We have a plan in place for the infrastructure. Obviously thats an issue for all the players in the Bakken. Were fortunate because we have a privileged infrastructure position already. So that will carry us through a period of time and then after that were looking at rail options and/or pipeline options. So I think youll probably see both of those come in to our future export strategies.
John Hess: To be clear, Kate, just so you get, when Greg says WTI $40, our realized price from that marker is currently about $4 under for the North Dakota crude. So its the netback price that we use for the economics, but its tied to a $40 WTI marker.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes the Q-and-A portion of the presentation. We would like to thank you very much for your participation in todays conference. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John Hess - Chairman & Chief Executive Officer John Rielly - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Greg Hill - Executive Vice President & President of Worldwide Exploration & Production Jay Wilson - Investor Relations
Analysts: Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Neil McMahon, Sanford Bernstein Robert Kessler - Simmons & Co Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank  
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to Hess Corporation 2009 third quarter earnings conference call. My name is Carmel, and Ill be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions)  I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jay Wilson, Investor Relations; please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you very much. Good morning everyone, and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website www.hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements.  With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President of Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you Jay and welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments, after which John Rielly will review our financial results. Net income for the third quarter of 2009 was $341 million versus $775 million a year ago. Our results were negatively impacted by sharply lower crude oil and natural gas selling prices, and lower marketing and refining margins, which more than offset the positive impact of higher crude oil production volumes.  For the third quarter of 2009, exploration and production earned $397 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 420,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 16% above the year ago quarter. This increase resulted primarily from higher production from the Shenzi field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, and the Malaysia-Thailand joint development area, and the resumption of production from the Gulf of Mexico that was shut in during last years third quarter due to Hurricanes Gustav and Ike.  As a result of strong year-to-date production performance, we have raised our full year 2009 production forecast to a range of 400,000 to 410,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, versus our previous estimate of 390,000 to 400,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.  With regard to exploration, drilling is continuing on Permit WA-390-P in the North West Shelf of Australia, where Hess has a 100% interest. We have now completed nine wells and expect to drill the remaining seven wells of the program by mid 2010.  In Libya, the Stena Forth drill ship is expected to arrive soon on location in Area 54, where Hess is the operator and has a 100% working interest. We intend to perform a drill stem test of our 2008 Arous Al-Bahar discovery, which encountered 500 feet of gross hydrocarbon column, and also drill a down dip appraisal well to delineate the prospect.  Turning to marketing and refining, we reported a profit of $38 million for the third quarter of 2009. The weak economy continued to have a negative impact on both margins and volumes. Refining margins at our HOVENSA joint venture refinery were significantly lower than the prior year quarter, as a result of lower distillate crack spreads and narrower light/heavy crude differentials.  Marketing results were weaker than the year ago quarter, reflecting lower margins and volumes. Retail marketing gasoline volumes on a per site basis were down 6%, while total convenience store revenue was up 12%. In energy marketing, electricity and fuel oil sales were higher, while natural gas sales volumes declined year over year.  The improvement in crude oil prices and increase in our production volumes during 2009, have enabled us to fund most of our capital and exploratory expenditures with internal cash flow. We remain committed to maintaining our financial strength, so that we have the capability to fund the future growth of our reserves and production.  I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks John. Hello everyone. In my remarks today I will compare third quarter 2009 results to the second quarter. Third quarter 2009 consolidated results amounted to net income of $341 million compared with $100 million in the second quarter.  Turning to exploration and production; exploration and production operations in the third quarter of 2009 had income of $397 million, compared with $215 million in the second quarter. The third quarter included after tax income of $89 million, relating to the resolution of a royalty dispute on production from certain leases subject to the US Deep Water Royalty Relief Act, while the second quarter included after tax charges of $31 million.  Excluding the items affecting comparability and earnings, the after tax components of the improvement in results are as follows: Higher crude oil selling prices increased earnings by $108 million. Lower sales volumes reduced earnings by $55 million. Lower exploration expense increased earnings by $81 million. Higher operating costs, including DD&A, reduced earnings by $76 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $4 million, for an overall increase in third quarter adjusted earnings of $62 million.  In the third quarter of 2009, our E&P operations were under-listed compared with production, resulting in decreased after tax income of approximately $35 million. On a year-to-date basis, production and sales are approximately equal.  The E&P effective income tax rate, excluding items affecting comparability between periods was 38% for the third quarter and 49% year-to-date. The effective tax rate was lower in the third quarter due to the mix of income from varying tax jurisdictions, and our under-listed position in the third quarter. The E&P effective income tax rate for the full year, excluding items affecting comparability between periods, is now expected to be in the range of 47% to 49%.  In early October 2009, the US Supreme Court decided it would not review the ruling by the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals, relating to royalty relief under the Deep Water Royalty Relief Act of 1995. During the period from 2003 to 2009, the corporation accrued royalties for the contested leases.  Following the Supreme Courts decision, the corporation recognized an after tax gain of $89 million in the third quarter of 2009. The pretax income of $143 million is included in other non-operating income. Approximately $7 million of the after tax gain related to 2009 operations.  Turning to marketing and refining; marketing and refining operations had income of $38 million in the third quarter of 2009, compared with a loss of $30 million in the second quarter. The third quarter included a benefit of $12 million due to an income tax adjustment relating to our refining operations.  Excluding the item affecting comparability, results of refining operations amounted to a loss of $15 million in the third quarter, compared with a loss of $26 million in the second quarter. The corporations share of HOVENSAs results after income taxes, amounted to a loss of $30 million in the third quarter compared with a loss of $46 million in the second quarter, primarily reflecting improved margins.  Port Reading earnings were $16 million in the third quarter, compared with $19 million in the second quarter. Marketing earnings were $35 million in the third quarter of 2009, compared with a loss of $13 million in the second quarter, principally reflecting higher margins in retail operations. Trading activities generated income of $6 million in the third quarter, compared with income of $9 million in the second quarter.  Turning to corporate, net corporate expenses amounted to $33 million in the third quarter of 2009, compared with $26 million in the second quarter. Net corporate expenses were higher in the third quarter, primarily due to higher bank facility fees and timing of expenses. After tax corporate expenses in 2009 are estimated to be in the range of $145 million to $150 million, excluding items affecting comparability.  Turning to cash flow; net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter, including a decrease of $557 million related to changes in working capital was $534 million. The principal use of cash was capital expenditures of $604 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash flow of $36 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $106 million.  We had $957 million of cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2009, and $908 million at December 31, 2008. Our available revolving credit capacity was $3 billion at September 30, 2009. Total debt was $4.379 billion at September 30, 2009, and $3.955 billion at December 31, 2008. The corporations debt to capitalization ratio at September 30, 2009 was 25.2%, compared with 24.2% at the end of 2008.  This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: I had two questions; my first question John is regarding capital structure. I know your opening language has softened over the last few quarter introductory comments, and omitted here in your opening comments that you just made was regarding potentially accessing the debt or equity markets, which was a potential overhang and a concern for some investors.  Clearly as market conditions have improved, commodity markets have improved, your cash flows have improved. I mean is it safe to say that in a reasonable price band in the commodity, that this potential overhang has largely been mitigated or was there any other additional element that maybe I didnt appreciate with regard to increased capital spending into 2010 etc.?
John Rielly: Its a fair question. Obviously the financial condition and some headwinds we were facing in the last few conference calls of lower prices, and I would say fairly uncertain financial markets weighed on our mind in terms of how we would fund our future growth. Obviously since then the oil prices improved, as well as the financial markets. So as a consequence, as we look forward, we feel pretty good that the majority of our future funding requirements will be met from cash flow from operations going forward, but we will also continue to do what is required to ensure our balance sheet is sufficiently strong to fund our growth of reserves and production for the long term. So as a consequence, we will always have as an option redeploying capital internally through asset sales or maybe even bringing partners in for some of the exploration prospects that we have as they mature, and also raising new capital externally in the form of debt or equity. As you know, we accessed the public debt market in the first quarter for $1.25 billion. All this is on the table, and I think thats the real takeaway.
Evan Calio - Morgan Stanley: And my second question if I may, in the last conference call we talked about potential unitization of Pony and the discussions you have with Knotty Head partners, ongoing yet premature. This morning lynxes announced that theyve finally taken delivery of a rig, with results in its delineation well expected in the second quarter of 2010.  Would it be fair to assume that it is going to be after those parties have figured out what they have, that we would expect some potential decision regarding unitization of those blocks, meaning its something in a mid 2010 type of event?
Greg Hill:  Thanks Evan, this is Greg. No, thats not the intention at all. The discussions are ongoing as we speak. Were getting very close to final agreement. Were drafting agreement documents, so the timing of actual unitization is not contingent on the results of the well. We will have an equity re-determination later after the results of the well are known, but those two are not contingent on each other.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: I think this is first for Greg. Greg, on Bakken, I know that you guys have been doing some additional drilling. Can you give us an update in terms of what the program may look like in 2010 regarding about the CapEx or the number of rig? Also is there any operating data you can share with us in terms of the reserve per well, production per well, after the initial 30 day job and also the CapEx per well type of information?
Greg Hill: Yes, thanks for the question Paul. Where are we now? Weve got 135 wells in the ground. Weve got three rigs operating in the Bakken. Were in the middle of our 2010 budget and operating plan exercise, so we havent yet finalized our plans on the Bakken, but what I will say is, what we plan to do is significantly step up activity there.  I believe in our recent meetings with you, we told you that we are planning to take the Bakken up to about $1 billion investment program over the next four or five years, and a 10 rig program. So thats kind of what were contemplating.  Now, obviously we will ease into that, feather into that over say an 18 month period and get up to that 10 rig level. So that is currently what were contemplating now, but we have not finalized that yet with our Board.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So should we assume that next year we may be talking about five to six rigs, and youre talking about $500 million tie up investment?
Greg Hill: Yes, I think thats a good assumption. I would go north of that a bit. So I think well ease into it, get up to six or seven rigs by the end of the year. So it could be as much as $800 million or so in investment next year.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And I presume that that should allow you to grow the Bakken production from currently about 10 to maybe about into 15 or so?
Greg Hill: I wont give you that detail yet. As we said, and as in our investor handout, what we contemplate doing is growing the Bakken to about 80,000 barrels a day over a five year period.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Greg, is there any additional data you can give about the Espirito Santo Basin? Where are we in terms of the drilling? When are we going to be complete on that well?
Greg Hill: So we just completed that well literally. Were now pulling riser and pulling anchors. So that well has been completed. As you said, it is an Espirito Santo well, so it is a post-salt well; it is not a pre-salt well, as is the BMS 22 block. Were complete on the well, and we encountered noncommercial quantities of hydrocarbon, so the costs associated with that well will be expensed in the fourth quarter. We are the operator of the well. We farmed it down, so we only had a 30% working interest in the well.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Along that line Greg or maybe this is for John, you have some very large exploration acreage that you have 100% interest, like in Ghana and in Libya Area 54. What is the overall logistic view from the corporation in terms of farming those down? When will be a good idea to farm down to de-risk yourself or do you think that because there is opportunity there, that you really want to hold onto the entire 100%? 
Greg Hill: I think on both of those cases, were in the midst of processing seismic and finalizing our plans there. So I think it is premature to talk about what our commercial strategy is going to be. The way we approach this is we look at every well individually, we look at the risk profile, and make an informed decision on whether we want to farm down or not.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: I know Ive taken up enough time. Two final quick questions; one, in Australia, seven wells youve already drilled. Can you tell us how many of them is a success and how many was dry? And the last one will be for John Rielly; for the $89 million royalty resolution gain, I missed that, you said some of them is for 2009 operations. How much is that? Thank you.
Greg Hill: So turning to Australia, just for clarity we have nine wells done now between last years program and this years program. Recall we drilled four last year. One was a dry hole. Weve got five under our belt this year, one of which is a dry hole, which John will address in terms of the exploration expense this quarter.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So the total program so far, eight wells are a success, three from last year and five from this year?
Greg Hill: Yes, weve got nine in the ground, and two have been declared dry holes or non-commercial.
John Rielly: And then Paul, from your question on how much of the royalty relief was in 2009, $7 million after tax was related to 2009 operations.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: My question is on your unconventional gas strategy. You entered the Marcellus this quarter with a venture with Newfield; can you talk about where you see your interest in unconventional gas over the years? Do you want to really build that up and enter a number of these plays or you are focused on the Marcellus? Im just trying to see how much interest you have long term in that slight change in strategy. Thank you.
Greg Hill: Thank Arjun. I think you set some context first. So our thinking about this is, if you take the long view and you look at where the energy mix in the world is going to come from in the future, clearly unconventional is going to play a big part, not only in oil, but also in gas. So we feel we need to build a position in both of those areas. Now in unconventional oil, obviously weve got the Bakken, and we felt like to round out a portfolio we wanted to build a position in unconventional gas. Thats going to be confined right now to the Marcellus.  As you have seen in the press, we partnered with Newfield for up to 140,000 acres in the Marcellus with them. They will operate, and then we will make an informed decision as we learn about the Marcellus and the areas where we are, as to whether we want to go bigger or smaller or whatever. So that is kind of where we are.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: I guess unconventional gas in the US is one of those things where it seems like the most successful companies are exclusively focused on it, and I just wondered if it is really something for the majors to do on a part time basis, one project depending on the portfolio. Youve obviously taking an entry level position here, but thats probably where more of the question is. Can this really be part of the majors? Im going to use the phrase of part time basis, where its one of many projects you have?
Greg Hill: Yes, well I think it can, because if you look at what were doing on the Bakken in terms of completion techniques and all that, it is very similar, and were being very successful in the Bakken. So I dont think there is anything unique about unconventional gas that you have to be 100% focused on it. Again, in the Marcellus weve taken a good partner, a proven unconventional gas player in the form of Newfield. So we feel like weve got a good mix and a good partner there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Really, its a question around the Bakken again. If you look at your upcoming expansion program, I think what you were trying to do is get enough oil service contracts in place to begin with to do that program, which would require at least some idea of upfront CapEx associated with that program. Can you give us an idea of the sort of numbers you were thinking about in terms of the CapEx outlook for the next few years, maybe next five years on the Bakken? Then secondly, I dont think you explicitly said that you were not going to do an equity issuance. Is there something you can categorically say over the next six months or so, given where weve got to with oil and gas prices, to take that sort of risk out of the market? Thanks.
Greg Hill: Let me address the Bakken question, and then Ill turn it over to John for the equity question. As we said on the Bakken, we havent finalized our plans with the Board yet, but what we are contemplating is taking the Bakken up over time, so over about an 18 month period to a 10 rig program, which would equate to about $1 billion a year.  So our plans contemplate a $4 billion to $5 billion spend over the next four to five years in the Bakken. Next year it will probably be around $800 million, although we havent finalized our plans yet. So you can assume $800 million walking up to $1 billion a year thereafter, and the production that follows that will be a peak rate of 80,000 barrels a day at the end of five years. So thats currently what we are contemplating for the Bakken. 
John Rielly: And Neil, a fair question, oil prices obviously have strengthened our financial ability to fund our capital requirements from internal cash flow. As we go forward, even though the need on CapEx which well define in the January call further for 2010, the need for that will be met for the most part by internal cash flow, well always keep the option of asset sales, and well always keep the option of accessing the markets for debt and equity. So those options are going to be there, but the majority of our needs will continue to be met by internal cash flow.
Neil McMahon - Sanford Bernstein: Maybe John, just put it another way, since it is a major issue, thats right there. Is there a sort of oil prize that you could give us, that if we had a blended price of $65, $70 per barrel oil equivalent, is that what you would foresee as sort of safety level when you look forward, including the expansion in the Bakken for assessing that youre going to be able to fulfill your capital needs from your ongoing operations, just to get a handle on it?
John Rielly: Yes, of course. Obviously $60 is better than $45, and $80 is better than $60. So these higher prices have helped our financial position, to fund our growth requirements, and yet at the same time we are going to keep the options ahead of us in terms of asset sales and accessing the markets externally in terms of debt and equity, because it would be foolish of us to do otherwise.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) our next question comes from Robert Kessler - Simmons & Co. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Co: Just want to circle back to the potential for farm-outs of your acreage, and going back to Ghana, I recognize that you still were running through the seismic, and I assume you plan on poking a hole there in 2011.  Just conceptually though, assuming you were approached by a major before that point, with that major interested in farming into the acreage, would you be willing to farm down your interest there or do you want to wait until youve actually got drilling results no matter what before de-risking that block?
Greg Hill: I think in all of these Robert, the first thing is we have to get our homework done. So weve got to get our 3D seismic fully processed, then well understand the risk profile of the well itself. So that will give us a piece of data and then we can figure out whether or not what our commercial strategy will be, based upon the risk profile of the well. Now I will tell you, there is nothing that really scares us about Ghana. If you look at a development concept, its an FPSO. Its things weve done in Equatorial Guinea. So you have to ask yourself, what does a partner really bring, and so thats how we think about these things. What is the risk profile of the well, do we need a partner, can a partner bring something unique to the party, and certainly, how much capital will it take, and do we need a partner just to share that capital? But we are not in a position to say one way or the other yet, until we get all the seismic reprocessed on that block.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Gilman - Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: A couple things; first, on the lifting variance John, and its potential implications on the foreign tax rate, is it safe to assume that you were very, very heavily under-lifted in Libya, and that that is what accounted for the abnormally low international tax rate?
John Rielly: That is clearly part of it. Libya was I guess the second country with the most under-lift, and the other one was Norway. So our two highest tax countries, Norway and Libya, is where the predominance of the under-lift were and thats what drove the rate down.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay. I was hoping we might get a little bit of a performance update on Shenzi. Initial indications were that it was exceeding by about 20% estimated plateau rates. I would also appreciate some clarification as to whether the DD&A rate on Shenzi is exceedingly high, and thus accounted for the significant step-up in US DD&A in the quarter.
John Rielly: Mark, Ill start with the DD&A. The DD&A rate for Shenzi is clearly higher than our portfolio rate, and that is what is driving DD&A up. Again its typical. Its not like its unusual for Shenzi. It will come down over the life of the field, but youve got the high capital from the development starting up with the low reserves that are initially booked, and then as performance comes in, the rate will come down, but youre absolutely right, that is what is driving the DD&A rate. Now on the flip side, Shenzi is a very low cash cost field. So if youve noticed, especially in the US, you can see where our cash costs per barrel are coming down and thats what Shenzi is providing for us. So overall when you look at it from our cash costs and our DD&A, Id given unit cost guidance of between $27.29.  Year-to-date right now, our unit costs are running at $27.30 and whats going to end up happening is, on the cash side were actually going to be coming below our guidance, again due to cost reduction efforts and the increased production from Shenzi, and we will be at the higher end of our DD&A, or probably above the top of the range of the DD&A rate due to Shenzi, but overall, were going to come in in our guidance.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: John, can you be just a little bit more specific in terms of the numbers? What does the full-field DD&A rate look like on Shenzi or what was the full-field development cost, and how does that compare to the rate that you were accruing at in the third quarter?
John Rielly: Im sorry Mark, we dont give specific rates out on a field. We dont get to that kind of individual field kind of economic data, but what I will tell you, I mean our DD&A rate thats running $15.60 during the third quarter, Shenzi right now is above $20. Its running above $20 and will be coming down as the field continues to perform and we book more reserves.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Okay, John if I could, just one more, it looks like after adjustment if my arithmetic is correct, and thats always subject to question, that the R&M, refining and marketing tax rate in the quarter was exceedingly low, am I missing something?
John Rielly: No, youre not missing anything. So if you adjust as you said for the income tax adjustments, the rate is still low, and what we have Mark, one is some small adjustments as you get to the smaller income levels, it drives it.  We also have income from our St. Lucia terminals, and down there we are not charged income tax on that income down at St. Lucia. We have other throughput costs and things like that that we pay, but the income tax, we have a holiday down there at St. Lucia, and that drives down our income tax rate at lower income levels.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: I have a question on HOVENSA. Could you maybe comment on what youre doing operationally there in terms of continuing to idle part or all of the plant, and are you seeing any pickup in recent weeks in the economics available to HOVENSA which might make you change what you do in the fourth quarter?
John Hess: From my understanding Mark, no, the reduction in rates, be it in the crude units or the coker, are purely a function of the poor refining economics that existed in the third quarter and continue to exist today. So no, we dont see a material change right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil.
Blake Fernandez - Howard Weil: My question is actually back to the Bakken. Im just curious, as the program ramps up over time, what kind of transportation issues you foresee, and how that might impact differentials and realizations going forward. Thanks.
Greg Hill: Yes Blake, obviously in the Bakken, that is an issue for all of the operators, and were in the midst of developing a very detailed and comprehensive transportation strategy to get the liquids out of the basin. So I cant comment too much more than that, because it is a bit competitively sensitive, but suffice to say were on it, and were looking at multiple options to get our crude out.
Operator: Your final question comes from Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: If I could kind of go back to the cash breakeven or the oil price breakeven question, looking at your summary cash flow, youve got about $534 million, including working capital changes or cash flow, and then around about $700 million if I include dividend payments of cash out. So extensively youre, whatever that is, $170 million cash negative in the quarter.  Would it be unfair then to say that youre not breaking even at $68, which is the average oil price for the quarter, because I shouldnt be adding in some working capital issue or there is some other issue that makes that an unfair comparison, and if we could look back over the year, its been fascinating so far as youve had $50 in Q1, $60 Q2, arguably about $70 Q3.  Can we use that as a way of iterating back towards where we think you do break even cash-in, cash-out, and could I then also confirm that you are using $60 as a planning assumption, which I think has been a prior statement, but Im not sure if its still correct? Thanks.
John Rielly: Sure. Just to go over it, and yes, I would say there are some unfair comparisons in the numbers. I would not include working capital. So for instance, it will turn around, and we had a big working capital decrease this quarter that was $557 million. So let me just give you cash flow from operations. So our cash flow from operations was close to $1.1 billion in the third quarter, and that is up from $700 million in the second quarter. So were getting the benefit from the higher prices. When you look at our CapEx, and you pull the $668 million that is capital spend, that also double counts the exploration expenses. So really, you have to pull out $64 million of exploration expenses that are included in that spend. So for the quarter, with working capital, we were just over $100 million from a deficit standpoint, but as I said, theres $557 million of working capital change in there, and I know some of that is clearly going to turn around in the fourth quarter.  So our cash flow, actually from our operations is quite strong, and if you want to say from a breakeven standpoint, we were clearly cash flow positive from an operations standpoint and CapEx this quarter.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes, thats absolutely fair enough. I know theres obviously a big cost issue also underlying all this, but if we were to go back to Q2 John, knowing that you know the numbers off the top of your head, could you provide us how the same numbers looked in Q2?
John Rielly: Sure. We had $700 million of cash flow in Q2, and you have to pull out $100 million of exploration expenses that was already in our net income number and is in that capital spend number. So we had $700 million of cash flow from operations, and had $685 million of capital expenditures, so again, basically breakeven then in the second quarter.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I think we got the answer, but of course the costs are going to be an issue, which I guess we could talk more about if we had more time. If I was to keep pressing on that, just the planning assumption, is that still 60?
John Hess: We certainly have 60. We certainly test for lower prices. We also test for the strip. So its a range of prices we look at to test the resiliency of the investment opportunities we have. So its not an iron clad one number deterministic.  Its obviously risk business, and part of the risk is price, and we formulate that in our investment decisions, but I think one takeaway that you can get is that, now that weve sort of gone through this very difficult period of oil prices, as well as financial markets, we will start looking at investing for growth in 2010, and the specifics of that capital program, no later than the January call well be able to give you more specifics on our program for next year.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes, but you have seemed to be and I think almost directly saying, that you expect CapEx to be up somewhat, all things equal I guess is the way to control that next year John?
John Hess: Obviously, with what Greg was saying with the Bakken, that in and of itself will drive the number higher.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes sure. The year-to-date is actually behind your guidance, if Im not mistaken, on CapEx. Is there going to be a big jump in Q4, or are you just running behind?
John Rielly: Were staying with our $3.2 billion of capital spend, and including our exploration spend, and we are staying with out guidance. Weve always had our fourth quarter was a bit backend loaded in our CapEx plans.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I was told I was the last question, so Im just going to keep going on if you dont mind. The volumes, you did have a big under-lift here obviously, and youve then raised your guidance, but it still seems you are behind, assuming that you get the under-lift back in Q4, it still seems to be conservative full year guidance, given that were pretty close to knowing what the average has to be. You would have to step volumes down for Q4 to be within the range that you have given.
John Rielly: No. I mean again, with everything were seeing right now, and again, the under-lift that doesnt come into our consideration for our production guidance. So were sticking with that 400,000 to 410,000 of production guidance now for the full year.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: The under-lift doesnt count?
John Rielly: The under-lift is the way we record revenue. So when you hear production, like the 420,000 barrels of production, that is literally the barrels that we produce in the quarter. However we didnt sell all those barrels. We were about 2 million barrels short, a little over, I guess 2.1 million barrels short on sales of those barrels. So that affects our revenue line; however when you hear our production numbers, that is always the amount of production that is produced from our fields.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yes, that makes perfect sense. Then if we were to look into 2010 on the volume side, I think its a 3% to 5% volume expectation, or is the fact that weve sort of advanced the volumes going to put you towards the bottom of that range? Are there any implications to your view for 2010?
John Hess: A fair question Paul; well give that number, what our guidance for 2010 is, in January.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Right okay, but essentially were still working off a 3% to 5% volume target?
John Hess: I just said we will give you our guidance for 2010 in January. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Gilman - Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: I just wanted to close the loop on the Shenzi performance. Are we still looking at about 120 a day gross on the platform as we speak today?
Greg Hill: Yes. Certainly on a net basis in the quarter, Shenzi was operating between 35,000 and 40,000 barrels a day net, and it averaged 38,000 for the quarter. So Shenzi is performing very well and continues to do so. Obviously, how long the peak lasts, all that depends upon the influence of the aquifer and we are monitoring pressures daily, but so far so good.
Operator: This concludes the Q-and-A session for today. This concludes the presentation for today, ladies and gentlemen. You may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-07-30 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Hess Corporation Second Quarter 2009 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Wayne and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We'll be facilitating a question and answer session towards the end of this call. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn this presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. J. Wilson, your Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Wayne. Good morning everyone. And thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President Worldwide Exploration and Production and John Riley, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you Jay and welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments after which John Rielly will review our financial results. Net income for the second quarter of 2009 was $100 million, versus $900 million a year ago. Our results were negatively impacted by lower crude oil and natural gas selling prices, which more than offset the impact of higher production volumes compared to the year ago quarter. For the second quarter of 2009, Exploration and Production earned $215 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 407 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was nearly 4% above the year ago period. Higher year-over-year production resulted primarily from the addition of Phase 2 volumes at the Malaysia-Thailand JDA and the ramp up of the Shenzi Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico; each of which added about 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day versus the same period last year. As a result of strong year-to-date production performance, we have raised our full year 2009 production forecast to a range of 390 to 400 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day, versus our previously forecasted range of 380 to 390 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day. With regard to exploration, as was announced in early July, the operator of the Guarani well on Block BM-S-22 offshore Brazil did not file a Notice of Discovery and our share of the well cost was expensed in the second quarter. The next steps are to analyze the significant amount of seismic, log and core data gathered from the first two wells, and to plan the location of a third well to help further evaluate the BM-S-22 license. On Permit WA-390-P in the Northwest Shelf of Australia, we recently resumed exploration drilling. Over the next 12 months, we plan to execute a 12 well program designed to further appraise the block. Hess has a 100% interest in Permit WA-390-P. Turning to Marketing and Refining, we reported a loss of $30 million for the second quarter of 2009. The weak economy continued to have a negative impact on both volumes and margins in our M&R business. Refining margins at our HOVENSA joint venture refinery were significantly lower than last year's second quarter primarily as a result of lower distillate crack spreads and significantly narrower light/heavy crude differentials. Marketing results, while negative, were better than the year ago quarter. Although retail marketing fuel volumes, on a per site basis, were down 4%, total convenience store sales were up 9%. In Energy Marketing, electricity sales were higher, while natural gas and fuel oil sales volumes declined year-over-year. Capital and exploratory expenditures in the first half of 2009 were $1.6 billion, substantially all of which were related to Exploration and Production activities. For the full year 2009, our capital and exploratory expenditures forecast remains $3.2 billion. We continue to control our capital expenditures and operating expenses in light of the weak economy and uncertain commodity price environment. As we mentioned on our last conference call, we are committed to maintaining our financial strength so that we will have the capability to fund our attractive investment opportunities to sustain growth in our reserves and production. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly: Thanks John. Hello everyone. In my remarks today I will compare second quarter 2009 results to the first quarter. Second quarter 2009 consolidated results amounted to net income of $100 million compared with a net loss of $59 million in the first quarter. Turning to exploration and production; exploration and production operations in the second quarter of 2009 had income of $215 million compared with a loss of $64 million in the first quarter. The second quarter included after tax charges of $31 million to reduce the carrying value of production equipment in the UK North Sea and materials inventory in Equatorial Guinea and the United States. While the first quarter included a 13 million after-tax charge for the impairment of two lived fields, located offshore UK. Excluding the items effecting comparability in earnings, the after-tax components or the improvement in results are as follows: Higher crude oil selling prices increased earnings by $240 million. Higher sales volumes increased earnings by $121 million. Increased depreciation expense reduced earnings by $54 million. Increased exploration expense reduced earnings by $57 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $47 million for an overall increase in second quarter adjusted earnings of $297 million. In the second quarter of 2009, our E&P operations were over lifted compared with production, resulting in increased after-tax income in the quarter of approximately $50 million. Turning to marketing and refining; marketing and refining operations had a loss of $30 million in the second quarter of 2009, compared with income of $102 million in the first quarter. Results of refining operations amounted to a loss of $26 million in the second quarter compared with a loss of $18 million in the first quarter. The corporation share of in these results after income taxes amounted to a loss of $46 million in the second quarter compared with a loss of $25 million in the first quarter primarily reflecting lower margins. Port reading earnings were $90 million in the second quarter compared with $7 million in the first quarter. Marketing results amounted to a loss of $13 million in the second quarter of 2009 compared with income of $101 million in the first quarter, principally reflecting seasonally lower margins and sales volumes of fuel oil and natural gas in our energy marketing operations. Trading activities generated income of $9 million in the second quarter, compared with income of $19 million in the first quarter. Turning to corporate; net corporate expenses amounted to $26 million in the second quarter of 2009, compared with $49 million in the first quarter. Net corporate expenses in the first quarter of 2009 included an after-tax charge of $16 million for retirement benefits and employees severance cost. Excluding this special charge, net corporate expenses were lower in the second quarter, primarily due to gains from pension related investments and lower employee and administrative expenses. After-tax interest expense was $59 million in the second quarter, compared with $48 million in the first quarter, primarily reflecting higher average debt and increased letter of credit fees. Turning to cash flow; net cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter was $616 million. The principle use of cash was capital expenditures of $685 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash flow of $25 million resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $94 million. We had $1,63 million of cash and cash equivalents at June 30, 2009 and $908 million at December 31, 2008. Our available revolving credit capacity was $2,964 million at June 30, 2009. Total debt was $4,313 million at June 30, 2009 and $3,955 million at December 31, 2008. The corporations debt-to-capitalization ratio at June 30, 2009 was 25.8% compared with 24.2% at the end of 2008. This concludes my remarks. We'll be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question will be from the line of Dough Leggate with Howard Weil Please proceed sir.
Dough Leggate: Thanks. Good morning guys. Thanks for taking my question.
John Hess: Good morning.
Dough Leggate: A couple of things. One operational and one I guess big picture on the debt structure of the company. Operationally, can you just talk a little bit about where you are and potentially negotiating sales contracts for your Australian Gas? Is it too early in the process or is the joint venture with Woodside really positioning you to potentially participate in the L&G project down the line? My follow up on is really on the capital structure. On the first quarter call, I think everyone noticed the reference to the potential for or preparedness rather to come to the equity markets, both to protect the credit rating and perhaps fund through development sanction projects maybe later this year. I notice an absence to any reference to that this quarter, I just wonder if you can clarify where you stand on that, again it's kind of a big picture question? Thanks.
John Hess: Okay, thanks. On the first question its early days to be talking about any commercial terms really. We do have discussions ongoing with both Woodside and Shell. So its way early to be talking about commercial terms or which price we're going to take the gas?
John Rielly: And on the capital structure Doug, now really, I was making a reference to that, at the end of my remarks but for clarification, I'm happy to give further clarification. Once we further divide our future development projects and growth projects, the Bakken being the one, hopefully, the Pony project is well. We'll have a better feel on our funding needs and the thing that we want our shareholders and potential investors to know, that we will maintain a strong balance sheet, have adequate funding to pursue those projects. So as those projects get further definition, we have many options on the tables. Some may be asset sales in the normal course of business, some maybe diluting down some of the projects we have. If that makes sense and they're define enough and another maybe accessing the equity markets. So we just want our shareholders to know that all options are on the table because as you've mentioned yourself, maintaining a strong balance sheet in these uncertain times, with the capital projects that we have ahead of us, it's a prudent thing to do.
Dough Leggate: Terrific. Thanks a lot. I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Evan Calio from Morgan Stanley. Please proceed sir.
Evan Calio: Good morning gentlemen. Thanks for taking my call.
John Hess: Good morning.
Evan Calio: I have two general questions. The first regarding Pony, as you discussed in prior calls guys, the discussions were not you had partners on potential utilization of blocks. Is there any update on those discussions or general information on the cost or timing impact of potential unit station? And I guess, maybe John, you just maybe answered this question but I guess, would you also consider selling down some of your interest in Pony?
John Hess: On the first question, the discussions are ongoing with the Knotty Head Partners. Those discussions are progressing. And we're still in the midst of doing our development planning studies for Pony, so it's early to talk about when it might come on or anything like that.
John Rielly: In terms of funding, Pony is not one of the assets on the list for selling down.
Evan Calio: Okay. Thank you. And my second question maybe more of a question for Greg or for both it's a strategy question I mean is it fair to say there has been some modest shift in strategy; a shift towards unconventional in the mix versus that exploration with Bakken and potentially unconventionally U.S. gas going forward and after, Greg after spending time reviewing Bakken activities, and can you give any update on pace of drilling going forward for your large position in the play? Thank you.
Gregory Hill: I wouldn't say there's a strategic shift. However, we do know we're very pleased with our position in the Bakken. So I think that we'll play an increasingly important part of our portfolio mix and we're currently in the middle of evaluating various development options in terms of pace and additional late rigs etcetera. So when we have those development plans done, we'll share more information about the Bakken but we're very pleased with what we have and we're anxious to get moving on the Bakken.
Evan Calio: Thank you.
Operator: And thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Arjun Murti from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Arjun Murti: Thank you. I think you mentioned on the expiration program, the Australia wealth. Can you just give a quick update on the timing of any follow up in Libya, Ghana and I think the third well in Brazil, when you might get the rig back from Petrobras. I assume that's in early 2010 but if you have any comments on those three areas? Thank you.
Gregory Hill: Okay. So for the go forward exploration program as you know, we are starting our -- we have started our first of 12 back-to-back drilling campaigns in Australia. We just completed the first well and we're now on the second well. We have a new build drill ship called the Stena IV that's currently in the shipyard in Korea. It's due to set sail sometime in August and it's headed to Libya to do a follow-up past on our discovery last year and also in a next appraisal well in Libya. Regarding Brazil, as John mentioned in the call up front. I mean we've got an awful lot of core data, seismic data and log data to go through to determine next steps on a fair ground in Brazil. So it's early today to be talking about when we might drill a third well in Brazil. Regarding the format of the rig the Petronas had, I'd encouraged you just refer that question to Exxon Mobil.
Arjun Murti: For sure. Ghana, when did you think it might come back there?
Gregory Hill: Ghana, we're still evaluating our seismic and scientific out wind we may drill our next well. So really can't comment yet.
Arjun Murti: That's great. And then just one final one, you mentioned the Pony discussions with the Knotty Head Partners. Any update on than tubular wells and where that development potentially stands?
Gregory Hill: I think BT is in the same position we are with Pony. They are evaluating development studies and we don't yet know when that's going to come on.
Arjun Murti: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Robert Kessler with Simmons and Company. Please proceed.
Robert Kessler: Good morning guys. A couple of accounting related questions if I can. The first on BM-S-22, if I recall correctly, you've capitalized the first well on that block and now that you've taken somewhat of a hiatus on drilling activity, I'm curious how long you might be able to lead that capitalized or held in suspension. Is there any sort of one year or two year time out on that in which case, you might have to expense it? And then secondly, on tax, curious if do you any update on your expectations going forward in particular on international E&P taxes?
John Rielly: Sure. On the first one with the well you're correct. The first well is capitalized and the second well as John has mentioned earlier has been expense. Greg just mentioned that, we got a lot of log and core data and that we will be reviewing right now and as well as combine it with all our seismic information to determine the location of the third well. But the accounting rules are just based on the notice of discovery that we found on the first well and are continuing studies, we can lead that well capitalized and what it is, its just part of the evaluation to determine a commercial development. So there's no real hard and fast timing cut off for expense in a well; this is just going to become part of our normal operation there in Brazil as we evaluate the BM-S-22. As far as the tax rate we did have a lower tax rate than expected or that from a guidance standpoint in the second quarter. And it really had to do as I mentioned earlier, we had an overlift in the second quarter. And the significant areas that had the overlift were West Africa, which was EG and Gabon that have lower tax rates that our over all portfolio rate. So that helped us on the tax rate in the second quarter. Going forward, it's always difficult to forecast the tax rate based on where commodity prices are and based on the mix of income, depending on the where the lifting's occur. What we generally see here going for the next six months is a rate around 50% overall, for the next six months. Now, it's going to vary based on the quarters, on the mix of income. Right now, I'll tell you a little bit lower in the third and a little bit higher in the fourth related to that 50, but overall about 50% going for the next six months.
Robert Kessler: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you very much.
John Rielly: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed, sir.
Paul Sankey: Hi everyone. It's like you keep drilling down into your exploration program if possibly, right way to think of it. It sounds just Libya well will before the end of the year, I've heard what you said on Ghana, I heard what you said on Brazil, I believe that you got a couple of other wildcats possibly Gulf of Mexico and non-subsoil Brazil could we just round that out with a particular idea of what you're going to be drilling this year? Thanks.
John Hess: That was the only one I haven't mentioned so thanks for bringing that up. As we are drilling a pre-salt well in this Santos Basin in Brazil, so that's the only well I did not mention. As far as our Gulf of Mexico program we're looking at using a rig there for either a production program or an exploration program, we've not made that decision yet of where that rig would go.
Paul Sankey: Okay. And if I could take it up to a high level John, you mentioned having to define how your future development outlook will shape up in some and present by how much capital you need to spend, you mentioned Bakken, you mentioned Pony. And you mentioned keeping a strong balance sheet. Obviously, that's a both, is actually development programs. Does that mean that you keep pressing ahead with the exploration as a primary focus of the value add that has generate. And think more about less spend on development and slowdown of development. And within that question John, if you could also just define strong balance sheet for me, so that I can have a good idea of how to model there? Thanks.
John Rielly: Sure. On the exploration side, now exploration is a key component of our strategy going forward. Looking at our global portfolio of opportunities and high-grading them. So we're going to be financially disciplined and technologically disciplined as well, in terms of which projects we pick next year. The good news is we have a healthy inventory to pick from, but we're going to be disciplined about how much we have an appetite for. So, I would say in the normal course, we are still committed to having exploration be a key component of future resource growth. And in terms of how we think about our capital structure and our funding, obviously, as you look at the first two quarters, we had slight deficits capital spend versus cash generated. It's certainly manageable, but as our spending will step up for things like the Bakken and Pony once they are further defined, we want to make sure all options are on the table to make sure we keep a strong investment grade. Meaning, not lower than more the ratings that we have now and hopefully leaning forward to where they will strengthen with the passage of time.
Paul Sankey: That's just great. Thanks very so much. I need to consider about one question a quick follow-up. We had an interesting discussion John, about price elasticity of U.S. Gasoline demand and how people behave to your service station networks in terms of filling up tanks completely and other observations that you had about that subject. If you could just give us the latest on how you're seeing demand in your system that would be great. Thanks.
John Hess: Good question. I obviously, gasoline prices are lower this year. So you would think the volumes would go up accordingly and while I think we get our fair share of business from competitors because of the value proposition and customer service that we differentiate ourselves with, I think what's going now is overwhelmed in terms of the income effect versus the price effect. And when I say income effect, the fact there is 9.5% unemployment in the country. People are being more conservative with their personal expenditures. And I think that we're seeing that in terms of our retail chain the fact that gasoline volumes are still down year-versus-year on a per site basis. So I think it's much more the economy. I also think that in the Northeast the lousy weather we've had last several weekends when summer driving should be peeking it's not so you have weather effect to go along with the income effect that's hurting the gasoline volumes.
Paul Sankey: Yeah. I understand but the DOE data level we do see gasoline demand up year-over-year, you're saying that your reliance of the fact that you're price competitive, you're still seeing year-over-year declines?
John Hess: Yeah. That's right. And I think it's the two issues that I talked about one is effect for consumers and the other weather effect in the Northeast.
Paul Sankey: And finally if could you put a number on that, is it down 1%, 2% or3%?
John Rielly: Well the number that we mentioned earlier in the speech that I gave, I want to make sure it's the same number that I'm giving you now. It's down 4%.
Paul Sankey: Excuse me, I missed that. Thank you.
John Hess: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our next question will be from the line of Paul Cheng. I am sorry, Neil McMahon from Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Neil McMahon: Hi, just few quick questions again, sorry along the exploration front. In Ghana and what happened about the future activities there. It seems like the main players in Ghana, Anadarko are moving further west along the coast. What are your plans there? Do you know enough about the strata-graphic traps and natures of the geology to start going along that as well or are you going to wait for the first well to be drilled or second well, I should say to be drilled in your block?
Gregory Hill: No, I think again we're in the phase of reprocessing the seismic to figure out where we want to drill. So I think its early days to be talking about, where we're thinking about drilling or how it reflects, what teller and the other partners are doing, so it's just way too early Paul to be talking about that.
Neil McMahon: It's Neil actually.
Gregory Hill: Neil sorry.
Neil McMahon: But it's rather than going tom Sierra Leone and Liberia and places like that, have you considered that yet?
Gregory Hill: No, we haven't Neil. No comment on that.
Neil McMahon: Just one final one back on Brazil. Have got any scope at all in your thinking given the fact that its been sort of voyage of discovery on BM-S-22 so far to go after a fourth well, and we're talking about a third, but that has all being figured out to make sure you've drilled all the potential prospects on the block?
Gregory Hill: No I think Neil again as John said in his opening comments. I think we just got a lot of seismic core. We got several hundred feet of core to go through, from the last well. Extensive seismic core data, MBT data, all kinds of data that we need to evaluate. And the one thing I'm excited about is we actually have physical rock now tie it to the size mix. So we'll be doing am awful lot of work over the next six to nine months, trying to understand what we have and then figure out where to drill the next well. So I think to be preliminary to talk about a fourth wealth. Our focus is really going be now on where do we drill our third well.
Neil McMahon: Okay, great. Thank you.
Gregory Hill: Yeah.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Mark Flannery, from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Mark Flannery: Hi, yes. I'd like to talk a little bit specifically about the international upstream tax rate. I know John you just gave us a blended tax rate guidance of about 50%. Could maybe just talk about how sensitive the international tax rate is? Say to commodity prices or if you prefer if there's no change in commodity prices from here to the end of the year, what would you expect that international tax rate to look like?
John Rielly: Sure. First of all it's very sensitive to commodity prices. You saw the first quarter and the way our tax rate performed in there and that's just because Libya becomes a bigger part from a pre-tax standpoint in our portfolio and it just drives up the rate, just pure mechanics. So again the guidance that I gave earlier which is overall blended rate was assuming that commodity prices stayed in this range. So from an in international standpoint I would just tell you that versus the 50% it will be a little higher than 50%. So obviously the U.S rate being below down at that 38% international rate we see being just slightly higher than the 50% for the next six months. However, again I would tell you if I'm looking -- what I looking at right now in the third quarter if things can change with lifting I would tell you the third quarter rate would be a little bit below that and the fourth quarter would be a little bit higher.
Mark Flannery: Okay. And this is a sort of semi follow on. The lifting I'm sorry if you answered this before but the overlift in the second quarter, do you expect that to be balanced up by an underlift in the third or was it balancing of the first quarter underlift?
John Rielly: For the -- well, let's just say in the second quarter it was almost for $3 million barrels overlift. For the first half of the year we're a little over 2 million barrels over lifted. We don't forecast how these will turn around again because it's very easy that lifts can slip at quarter ends. So what I would tell you is this should normalize overtime. It will normalize overtime but, it's clearly not going to reverse all in one quarter and so this will happen overtime and I won't be able to give you exact forecast on that.
Mark Flannery: Okay. Thank you very much.
John Rielly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question will be from the line of Paul Cheng from Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Paul Cheng: Hi, hey guys. Maybe this is for Greg. Greg, you've been joining the company for several quarter now. Have you finished with your review of the entire E&P portfolio in organization and if you have done so, any shift or change in the strategy or that the focus that you may come along?
Gregory Hill: Yeah, Paul. So thanks for the question. We're in the middle of our portfolio review and analysis right now. What I will say there's not going to be a change in strategy. I mean, our strategy is to continue to grow reserves in production at 3% and so that is where we're headed VP. We are doing a detailed portfolio analysis and whether the mix changes or whatever it's just too early to say.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And Greg, I know that it's early day in the BM-S-22 you have drilled two well, can you share with us what you may have learned from those two wells so far?
Gregory Hill: Yeah, Paul. Again I just refer you back to our comments before I think we have an awful lot of data to sort through and as I said I'm excited about the amount of data we do have particularly physical lot data so we can tie that now to the actual seismic lines and reprocess all the seismic and figure out where the next well should be. So again I'm very excited about the data we have and just what it means in terms of next steps and where we go next.
Paul Cheng: Breaking out Exxon finished their negotiation with ANP on the evaluation based terms here?
Gregory Hill: We're currently still in discussions with the ANP and I'd refer to the operator for a specific questions about that.
Paul Cheng: Okay. And can we follow up though maybe you could give us an update, if there's any update at all, on the West Met appraisal? And the development option?
Gregory Hill: Yeah. For West Met, again we're still I believe in the last call we commented, we're in the midst of development studies. On West Met, we're still in the middle of those development studies. So we've made no decisions yet, in terms of where the next drilling is going to be.
Paul Cheng: Okay. This is probably for you to John Hess or John Rielly. John, on the -- I know note you don't normally don't give estimate that far but in 2010, any the kind of the direction of your capital budget may look like is it going to be higher than this year about the same or lower? And secondly, for John Rielly, I think previously that you have given a full year unit cost estimate for the cash cost and DD&A, any change on those number before?
John Hess: Yeah, Paul as you know our practice is to give guidance for 2010 spend at the end of the year at the beginning of 2010. So I would wait till that. We're still in definition mode there. Obviously we were signaling that in area we're looking at beefing up some once the clarity of commodity pricing hopefully gets a stable base and gives us encouragement as the Bakken. If we make progress we're going to partners to the south and Knotty Head for Pony that something, that maybe we start to look forward. But the definition of that is still in the scope being and work phase so it would be premature to talk about any numbers there. So, we would look to the end of the year as the time for giving you an update on our spending, expectations for next year, at the end of this year.
Paul Cheng: John, you said at this point, it's more likely than not Pony is going to be unitized and developed together with the Knotty Head Partners or that you still think that you may go ahead and just do it on your own?
John Hess: No, we continue to make progress and talking to our partners to the South. And we're cautiously optimistic that we will have a agreement with them because it's in both our interest to proceed that way. We are prepared to go alone but having said that, the talks are making progress for us to unitize. And we'll keep our fingers crossed that as we make progress there, we can finally bring it across the finish line.
Paul Cheng: And John Reilly.
John Rielly: Yes. I can give you the guidance for the unit cost. We did lower unit cost guidance on the first quarter conference call based on some cost cutting initiatives that we put in place. The cash costs we lowered to a 14 to $15 range and the DD&A was left at the 13 or $14, so overall unit costs of 27 to $29 for the year. And we're on track to achieve those at lower target guidance.
Paul Cheng: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Mark Gilman from Benchmark. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman: Hello guys. Good morning, I had a couple of things. The release, Greg referred to two dry wells in the Gulf of Mexico, could you be specific as to what they were please?
Gregory Hill: Yeah those two dry holes were okay operated by GP and total lake operated by Chevron.
Mark Gilman: Okay. So they were not your prospects?
Gregory Hill: No, they were not.
Mark Gilman: Okay. Could we get just a bit of an update on the Bakken in terms of individual well metrics and what kind of production level you saw in the second quarter please?
Gregory Hill: So on the Bakken we're averaging about little over 10,000 barrels a day right now. In the Bakken we've got about 130 operated wells, in the Bakken. And as I said before we're in a midst of formulating our development plans, but we're very excited about the opportunity that we do have up there.
Mark Gilman: How about well costs, Greg and reserves per well?
Gregory Hill: It's early to be talking about that because we're still really figuring out what we have, Mark.
Mark Gilman: Okay. If I could shift gears just a little bit Greg, I believe going back perhaps the first quarter call, you offered the observation at the time you thought the rock quality in the second well namely Guarani would be better than that what you saw in the initial well on BM-S-22. Was that in fact the case?
Gregory Hill: Well Mark, I think obviously we're disappointed that it was dry hole. So I think that tells you something. But once again what I'm pleased with is we did get an awful lot of core out of the well. So that allows me to tie core now directly back to the seismic and it'll give me a better sense of how the sub-surfaces is all hooked up in the various rock qualities. So that's what I'm exited about.
Mark Gilman: Okay. I just one more from me, it appears that in JDA you at least in the second quarter and I think in the first as well are selling at a level above contract quantities. I believe there is also some additional fields coming online in the near term in the JDA, should we assume that as a result there was in the context of comparatively weaker regional gas demand that it's likely your volumes will drop back to contract quantities, let's say over the second half of the year and into 2010?
Gregory Hill: Mark I think it's early to speculate on what's going to happen in the second half of the year in that part of the world. But you are correct; we had much higher quarter two gas nominations above our DCQ. So we're obviously pleased with the amount of production that's coming out of JDA.
Mark Gilman: Can you say anything about competing sources of supply and the timing and extent to which it's likely to have an impact?
Gregory Hill: No, I can't Mark, I can't really comment, I don't want to speculate on how the second half of the year might unfold in that part of the world. As you know the economies are higher again certain all around the world right now.
Mark Gilman: Okay. Thanks very much guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question will be from the line of Pavel Molchanov, from Raymond James. Please proceed.
Pavel Molchanov: Thanks for taking my question. Just another follow up about the Bakken end. You've previously given out a number of 230 among BOE estimated net resource. Do you have any update on that, at least directionally?
Gregory Hill: No, we don't. Again, we're in the middle of doing our development planning and studies right now. Really looking at all the 130 wells that we drilled and really trying to assess what is the development strategy going forward and how quickly do we want to develop this stuff. So as we, as that picture becomes more clear, we can give you more guidance when that work is done.
Pavel Molchanov: Got it. And as a quick follow up on a very different topic. Are you planning to participate in the second Iraqi licensing ground and if so, what are your generally thoughts on that process?
John Hess: Yeah. We are in normal course competitive information like that we don't comment on.
Pavel Molchanov: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next and last question will be from the line of Kate Lucas from Collins Stewart. Please proceed ma'am.
Kate Lucas: Good morning gentleman. Could give us an update as to your current PSC related production sensitivity to oil price changes?
John Hess: Sure. Again, we don't have there's nothing really significant from our stand point on the PCS aspect of it. We, with the higher prices coming in the second quarter, we did have some lower production resulting from it, but nothing that material. So from the standpoint of where we are today and where we see lets say strip pricing or anything like that, I think it's all baked into the guidance that John has gave you earlier.
Kate Lucas: Great. And then, if I can just follow up quickly on HOVENSA. Your crude utilization levels have averaged less than about 85% during the last three quarters and the FCC in it has been running below 75% since the first quarter of last year. Is this really a temporary decision related to the economics of the facility in the current margin environment or are we observing more of a strategic shift in the way that HOVENSA is being operated?
John Hess: Very good question and its really the first supposition you made, which is, with the poor economic environment, its much better to run that refinery for yield and then it is to run for volume. So, the lower rates, we get better recoveries and it's much more driven from economics than anything else.
Kate Lucas: Great, thank you.
Operator: We now take one more question from Mark Gilman from Benchmark. Please proceed sir.
Mark Gilman: Yeah. Regarding, also regarding HOVENSA John, I noticed that the coker utilization in the second quarter was really high and I'm sure you don't to need me to say something about the relatively poor coker economics. We're seeing others cut coker utilization rates. Why nothing from you with respect to this?
John Hess: The joint venture there obviously has their economic parameters and based upon the inputs of the prices that we get and the cost profiles that we get, we try to run it at the optimum rate. So I wouldn't want to dove into coker versus FCC versus crude units but basically, the general concept is with the poor economic environment much better run for yield than it is for volume.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes our presentation. We have no additional questions. We like to thank you for participating in the conference call. Ladies and gentlemen, enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson - Vice President, Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer J. P. Rielly - Senior Vice President and Chief Executive Officer G. P. Hill - Executive Vice President and President, Worldwide Exploration and Production
Analysts: Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch Doug Leggate - Howard, Weil, Labouisse, Friedrichs Inc. Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs & Co Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company LLC Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse First Boston Neil McMahon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co Faisel Khan - Citigroup
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. And welcome to the Hess Corporation First Quarter 2009 Conference Call. My name is Louisa and I will be your operator for today. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I'd now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Louisa. And good morning, everyone. Thank you for participating in our first quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; Greg Hill, President Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess: Thank you, Jay. And welcome to our first quarter conference call. We'll make a few brief comments after which John Rielly will review our financial results. For the first quarter of 2009, the corporation posted a loss of $59 million. Price of crude oil declined to $46 per barrel in the first quarter of 2009 from $96 per barrel in the year ago quarter. Significantly, lower commodity prices negatively impacted our first quarter financial results. For the first quarter of 2009 exploration and production had a loss of $64 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was roughly even with the same period last year. Hurricane related shut-ins reduced our first quarter 2009 production by 11,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. By the end of the first quarter most of these volumes had been restored and we ended the quarter with a production rate of about 400,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Our full year 2009 production forecast remains 380 to 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Regarding our field developments, JDA Phase II in the Gulf of Taiwan in which Hess has a 50% working interest commenced production late last year. Our net natural gas production from the JDA complex averaged 285 million cubic feet per day during the first quarter. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, production commenced in March at the Shenzi Field where Hess has a 28% working interest. The field is currently producing at a net rate of about 10,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and is expected to reach a net rate of 20,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by the end of the year. In Indonesia, oil and LPG production commenced during the first quarter from our Ujung Pangkah Field, in which Hess has a 75% working interest. The addition of liquids production is expected to increase net production from Pangkah to about 18,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day by year-end. With regard to exploration, the operator of the BM-S-22 license offshore Brazil, in which Hess has a 40% interest announced in the first quarter that our first well, Azulao was an oil discovery. The operator filed a notice of discovery and submitted a plan of evaluation with the government. On March 10th, drilling of a second exploration well on the license commenced. The well, known as Guarani is currently drilling ahead. In the Carnarvon basin offshore Western Australia, the operator of the WA-404-P license, in which Hess has a 50% interest reported a natural gas discovery that encountered a gross column of 360 feet. Drilling on our 100% owned WA-390-P license is scheduled to resume in the middle of the year and we expect to complete five to six additional wells before the end of 2009. Turning to marketing and refining, net income in the first quarter of 2009 was $102 million, which was above last year's first quarter. Primarily due to higher earnings from both energy marketing and trading, which more than offset weaker results in retail marketing and refining. Energy marketing benefited from colder weather in the first quarter of 2009 which experienced 10% more degree days than the same period last year. Fuel oil and electricity sales were both up by more than 20%, while natural gas sales grew by about 4% year-over-year. While retail marketing fuel margins declined as a result of wholesale prices increasing faster than pump prices, versus the year ago quarter. Average gasoline volume per station was up 2% and convenient store sales were up by about 7%. Refining results were negatively impacted by the weak global economy. Margins of the Hovensa refinery were lower particularly for this year versus last year's first quarter. In response to the weak economic environment, we have taken a number of actions to strengthen our balance sheet and maintain financial flexibility. In December, we announced a 2009 capital and exploratory budget of $3.2 billion which was 33% below 2008 expenditures, and sized to reflect the impact of lower commodity prices and protect our long-term growth options. During the quarter, we implemented company wide cost reductions. These initiatives included selective personnel reductions, as well as cost savings from many of our suppliers and service providers. Also in the first quarter, we issued $1 billion of ten-year and $250 million of five-year debt securities. Proceeds from the offering were used to reduce short-term borrowings and improve near-term liquidity. We will continue to take the steps required to preserve our financial strength and protect our growth options. Depending on future market conditions and commodity prices, we may consider accessing the financial markets for equity and/or debt. We are committed to maintaining the strength of our balance sheet, so that we are well positioned when the economy recovers to capitalize on our exciting future investment opportunities which will sustain the long-term growth of our reserves and production. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
J. P. Rielly: Thanks, John. Hello everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare first quarter 2009 results to the fourth quarter of 2008. First quarter 2009 consolidated results amounted to a net loss of $59 million, compared with a net loss of $74 million in the fourth quarter. Starting with exploration and production. Exploration and production operations in the first quarter of 2009 had a loss of $64 million compared with the loss of $125 million in the fourth quarter. The first quarter included a $13 million after-tax charge for the impairment of two short life fields, located offshore U.K., while the fourth quarter of 2008 included charges totaling $26 million after-tax for asset impairments and hurricane costs. Excluding the items affecting comparability in earnings, the after-tax components of the improvement in results are as follows: lower selling prices, including the effect of hedging decreased earnings by $149 million, lower expenses increased earnings by $125 million. Lower foreign currency losses increased earnings by $78 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $6 million, for an overall increase in first quarter adjusted earnings of $48 million. As indicated in the earnings release first quarter production was 390,000 barrels per day of oil equivalent production. In the first quarter of 2009 our E&P operations were under lifted compared with production, resulting in decreased after-tax income in the quarter of approximately $10 million. In the first quarter of 2009, the unusually high E&P effective tax rate primarily reflects the impact of Libyan taxes in a lower commodity price environment together with the mix of income and losses from countries with varying tax rates. Turning to marketing and refining, the results of marketing and refining operations amounted to income of $102 million in the first quarter of 2009 compared with $152 million in the fourth quarter. Results of refining operations amounted to a loss of $18 million in the first quarter compared with income of $27 million in the fourth quarter. The corporation share of a vendor's results after income taxes amounted to a loss of $25 million in the first quarter compared with income of $13 million in the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting lower refining margins. In February 2009, the corporation received the final payment on its note receivable from PDVSA. Oil heating earnings were $7 million in the first quarter compared with $14 million in the fourth quarter. Marketing earnings amounted to $101 million in the first quarter of 2009 compared with $138 million in the fourth quarter, principally reflecting lower margins. Trading activities generated income of $19 million in the first quarter compared with the loss of $13 million in the fourth quarter. Turning to corporate, net corporate expenses amounted to $49 million in the first quarter of 2009 compared with $59 million in the fourth quarter. Net corporate expenses in the first quarter of 2009 including after-tax charge of $16 million for retirement benefits and employee severance costs. As a result of the cost reduction initiatives as well as lower commodity prices, exploration and production cash operating costs are expected to be reduced by $1 to a range of 14 to $15 per BOE. Total unit costs are now anticipated to be in the range of $27 to $29 per BOE for 2009. In addition net corporate expenses are expected to be reduced by $10 million to a range of 155 million to $165 million, excluding special items. In February 2009, the corporation issued 1.25 billion of senior unsecured notes. The majority of the proceeds were used to repay revolving credit debt and outstanding borrowings on other credit facilities. After-tax interest expense was $48 million in the first quarter, compared with $42 million in the fourth quarter. Turning to cash flow; net cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter, including an increase of $80 million from changes in working capital was $625 million. Net proceeds from our debt offering were $1,246 billion. Repayment of borrowings amounted to $873 million in the quarter. Capital expenditures in the quarter were $704 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash flow of $45 million. Resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the first quarter of $249 million. We had 1,157 billion of cash and cash equivalents at March 31, 2009 and 908 million at December 31, 2008. Our available revolving credit capacity was 2,406 billion at March 31, 2009. Total debt was 4,328 billion at March 31, 2009, and 3,955 billion at December 31, 2008. Net debt increased by $124 million to 3,171 billion at March 31, 2009. The corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at March 31, 2009 was 26.3%, compared with 24.2% at the end of 2008. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Robert Kessler with Simmons & Company. Please proceed.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Good morning, gentleman. I wanted to see if you could provide some more color on BM-S-22, particularly the second well, where you are in terms of the current drilling depth relative to the target depth? And then if in fact you are targeting a second structure with that well, rather than further deionization of the first structure?
John Hess: Yeah, thanks for the question. Let me just first, after a few contextual comments about Brazil, just put it on perspective. I think, I always want to remind people, the size of the blocks that we are trying to evaluate down there is half the size of Rhode Island. And we do have one well that we saw hydrocarbons which is a positive sign, because that's better than no hydrocarbons in the well. We are on our second well, we are about 80% of the way to TD and we are currently in salt. So I think the punch line is, it's still very, very early days for Brazil.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Great. Thanks for that. And then a quick follow-up, with regard to the plan of the evaluation. When you expect approval to be received from the ANT for that plan of evaluation. And based on that, would you expect to move straight to a third well after the second one completes?
John Hess: Can't really comment too much on that, the operator is currently working with the Brazilin authorities now to on the evaluation plan as we speak.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Erik Mielke with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Yeah, good morning. John, I was a little bit puzzled by something you mentioned in your prepared remarks. You may have used this phrase before, I certainly haven't come across it in your quarterly conference calls. You talked about accessing equity markets. Given your bond issue at the beginning of this quarter I thought your cash position and balance sheet was, relatively robust which means you wouldn't need to access further capital. Should I think of this more in terms of new development opportunities, rather than just putting bank quotations, issuance rather than lower wells environment necessitating further finance?
John Hess: Fair question. I think the context is important here. Obviously, we have wonderful growth investment opportunities ahead of us. We want to make sure in these times of financial turmoil that we keep a strong balance sheet, so as the economy recovers we can capitalize on those meaningful investment opportunities. So we have several options that we have available to us, certainly keeping CapEx and OpEx under control and reducing wherever appropriate to keep our financial strength is first and foremost in our mind in the things that we've done. But we also have other options and one of them is to access financial markets as the future unfolds. Though it's just a question of letting people know that we are very vigilant about keeping a strong balance sheet, the investment grade rating is something we will protect so that we keep our financial strength, so that the economy recovers and there is little more visibility and hopefully strength in oil price, we'll be in a strong position to pursue investment options that will be ahead of us.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Okay. So if I'm -- just to make sure I understand this correctly, so the circumstance is that would lead you to considering extensions will either be driven by the opportunities that which could be organic or inorganic '08 and need to maintain your current credit rating?
John Hess: Yeah, it's a question of keeping the appropriate balance in the short-term to stay financially strong, but in the long-term to keep our growth trajectory intact.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Very good, thanks. If I may just a second follow-up question on for John Rielly on operating cost, can you give a little bit more color on where -- what you're seeing in the E&P segment on operating cost and your expectations going forward? I know you've given some guidance today but more trying to get a little bit more color on that?
J. P. Rielly: Sure. I mean again the guidance I gave you is what I think going forward you should use for modeling purposes. But let me just give you even more context on what we are doing in our cost cutting initiatives and then I can talk about the industry in general. So we've initiated a global cost cutting program which we right now expect to reduce cost by approximately 200 million in 2009, of which about a 120 million is expected to be ongoing post 2009. The savings that we are achieving right now they include operating efficiencies which is primarily driven by renegotiation of our supplier contracts and optimization initiatives. But as you saw from the charge we took in the quarter we do have reductions in force and we are deferring projects. I guess the important thing that I want to let you know about our cost saving program is it's not one-time, we have our global organization focused on this. So we have an ongoing effort and we hope to achieve additional cost savings as the year progresses. As we are talking about the industry in general again as we're seeing from our supplier contracts and our renegotiations costs are coming down. Now again it all depends on lead time and where we are in our projects, some of them we've got contracts in place that will take some time before the lower cost. But you probably heard the numbers when you hear let's say pipe and steel down about 20% or so in the industry, the onshore land rigs are down considerably again you have to work through where we have contracts or not. But you're seeing in the industry down about 50% as it relates to those onshore land rigs. The deepwater offshore, the latest -- the deep shore rigs they are staying pretty tight right now. The utilization is still high, but you don't see tremendous cost decreases in that area. But again we have a lot of pending negotiations going on as I said it's an ongoing effort for us, so we look to hopefully increase these cost savings as the year progress.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: That's great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Howard Weil. Please proceed.
Doug Leggate - Howard, Weil, Labouisse, Friedrichs Inc.: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. A couple of questions, when you look back at your strategy over the years when you refine to, I guess rebuild the reserve debt you had I guess of course you are taking very large positions in material assets and I guess that's continued in the last couple of years. But in light of your comments John has about potentially topping the equity markets, I imagine that -- that is related to the possibility that some of the things you have are really too large for you to finance from your current cash flow. So I'm wondering if you could put into context therefore, is that indeed what you are kind of a alluding to and if so why would you not consider selling down some of the very large positions that you have currently and how before what?
John Hess: Well, first Doug, thanks for the question, it's a good question. First, we have to get these wonderful growth options more defined, whether it's God willing Brazil or Australia, Libya, the Pony prospect is obviously something we are continuing to work on to refine the cost estimates on. So we have these growth options, they need more definition. But in the environment we are in, we want to make sure we keep our balance sheet strong and our liquidity strong. We significantly reduced our capital spend to do that, we have ongoing cost reduction efforts that John Rielly just talked about to do that. We did the debt offering in the first quarter to do that. And then depending on future market conditions and commodity prices, we will consider various options one maybe diluting down on some of these investment options once they are more defined, one maybe upgrading our portfolio of assets with the normal course of some selected asset sales. And another would be considering to use the financial markets if and when it makes sense to do that. So what we are signaling here, is that we have great growth options, they need further definition, we are in an uncertain times and in all this we just think it's prudent to keep all our options on the table so that we keep our balance sheet strong, so that when the oil price improves, as well as financial markets improve, we will be in a position to capitalize on the growth opportunities we have.
Doug Leggate - Howard, Weil, Labouisse, Friedrichs Inc.: Great. Thank you for answering that one. Going through the next one to Greg, is my final question. As I look at your project portfolio this year, Shenzi come on a little early, Pangkah looks like came on a little ahead of schedule also, and you're not still embarking in the Gulf of Mexico. So I'm looking at you production guidance for the year, and wondering where the offset comes, because it looks that 380 to 390 could be a little conservative, given the success you've had so far. I am just wondering if you could put into context of underlying decline rates, the impact of maybe slowing down the capital program in the Bakken Shale for example. And just so we put into context where the risk lies, about 380 to 390 the guidance you have given us?
G. P. Hill: Yeah, thank you. Of course we'll update our guidance mid-year. But as you recall in that, in the third quarter that's a heavy maintenance season in the North Sea so you have to really dial that into your estimates. I mean, so we feel pretty good about the 380 to 390 range still being in an acceptable range. So it's all related to how much maintenance is being done in the North Sea, in the third quarter.
Doug Leggate - Howard, Weil, Labouisse, Friedrichs Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs & Co: Thank you. I was wondering if you could provide any comments on your follow-up plans in Ghana. I think last time you had mentioned, you were shooting seismic on the western portion of the block, as well as the follow-up plans for Libya. And then I think, Pony, it sounded like you are working on the development cost there, could you just provide an update on Pony as well? Thank you.
G. P. Hill: Yeah, thanks for the question. Let me start with Ghana first. So yes, we've recently acquired some seismic over the western block, we are in the process of processing that seismic, so we don't have anything definitively to say, yet. So it's early to talk about follow-up wells, when and where. Libya, as we've said before, I think we are excited about the results of the discovery well, it's a large structure that's a direct extension of the base in onshore. We are going to shoot additional seismic in Libya, this year and we are likely to drill an appraisal well in Libya in the latter half of the year. If I turn to Pony, we are in the midst to seed right now for an own development of Pony. We're also in discussions with the Knotty Head Partners about a potential unitization of our block and their block, which we think would give economies of scale to both parties. So that's kind of where we are on all three of those areas.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs & Co: In terms of the pony, I think the Knotty Head Partners are finally going to get their rig in the second half of this year to drill delineation, are you discussions with them, contingent upon them drilling those wells or could you have unitization and such things before that?
G. P. Hill: Well, our discussions are ongoing as either for unitization now or unitization later. So we are just in advance discussions on unitization.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs & Co: That is terrific. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America: Hi, everyone, good morning. If I could just continue reaching around a little bit in your priorities here, with the reference to volumes. Firstly, on a long-term basis, is the 3 to 5% aspiration something that we should consider as, if you like a bedrock aim that you have as a company or would that be part of the balance and maybe we wouldn't expect quite so much growth from you in the future. I'm very specifically thinking about the importance of U.S. growth that you have got in the relatively near-term against the profitability, the current profitability of the U.S. business? Thanks.
G. P. Hill: Okay. So let me provide a little context first. So I think the portfolio definitely has the capacity to grow in excess of 3% per year. But as John said the current prices it's prudent to reduce capital expenditures and therefore moderate disclose. So yes we are going to see lower production growth numbers in the short-term. Of course as prices increase we'll then increase our growth rate accordingly. So just to reiterate our current strategy, we are moderating our program to stay financially strong in the short-term while preserving our long-term option.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America: Right, I've got you. And just in terms of how that effects the U.S. business, could you just talk a bit more about your activity perhaps I understand what you're saying about this year, but perhaps for next year as well given that the expected growth that you previously had in that business?
G. P. Hill: Yeah. So I think -- I mean if I look at the U.S. business the one program that we have moderated is the Bakken. So we plan to drill about 33 wells this year it will be a three rig continuous program through the year and of course as the cost come down, continue to come down, we will obviously end prices go up we'll moderate that program accordingly. I think as John O'Conner said in the fourth quarter, I think the belief has been get for us on the Bakken we've been working with our suppliers and contractors that bring the drilling and completion cost down further. For our strategy there is to preserve the acreages that we have continue to work on cost and then be ready to ramp up as prices improve.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America: Great thanks. And you've being quite specific about how to think about this year. But I just wanted for this particular quarter I was a bit surprised by the weakness in European gas, I wanted to -- given the weather in what we saw in Europe what I am missing there?
G. P. Hill: Yeah so the biggest story in Europe on gas is Atlantic Cromarty. We're approaching end to field wise at Atlantic Cromarty, and so we lost fair amount of production in those two fields. For those of you that have been on the end of gas fields trying to predict the end of field life is an art much more than the science. And so we are moderating those wells accordingly.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America: Okay, great. And finally from me there is a positive effect that we are doing here which is that do you have lower costs, could you provide more granularity on geographically where the best gains are in terms of costs, I mean I am thinking obviously regionally and then also by theme is there any particular areas that you can just highlight give us a better feel for how things are shifting as we go through this $50 environment? And I leave with that, thanks.
J. P. Rielly: Sure, I will just give you a little bit more update, just to adding on what Greg was saying before there, obviously we've had a significant amount of work in, working with our suppliers in the U.S. so on the onshore, basically the Permian Basin but the Bakken in particular. So from a geographic standpoint the U.S. with now land rigs we did have contracted, so we have those costs in there, but for the drilling and completion work there, there is a lot of work we are doing with our suppliers, chemicals and steel pipe tubulars things like that. There are all those costs are coming down and we are working those hard. So we're seeing reductions in the U.S. As I told you the offshore rigs, I mean we've got those contracts, that we are not seeing much there then it just becomes amount of, as it relates to our steel and our pipe work throughout the company. So a lot of area with our drilling and completions and that goes across the portfolio, because we do have an active program as we know Pangkah is ramping up, EG was still doing a lot of drilling out there. So we are seeing cost coming down across the company as well there. And then obviously you have the general with commodity prices being lower we are obviously seeing reductions in our fuel cost with vessels, production taxes, and even FX we're seeing a little bit of the benefit there.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America: Was there anything to say on staffing levels or labor costs?
J. P. Rielly: Yes, so, as related you saw we had a charge, the charge we took in the first quarter was related to reductions in force. So again that is part of those overall cost savings and the changes in our guidance that I gave to you.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America: Okay, I appreciate it. John, thank you.
J. P. Rielly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman, with The Benchmark Company. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company LLC: Good morning, guys. A couple of questions, first one deals with Shenzi. Could you give us some kind of read Greg maybe on I know it's early but well performance, and I ask I guess principally because 20,000 a day year-end rate as John has suggested was perhaps a bit below what I might have expected?
G. P. Hill: Yeah let me give you just a little more color on Shenzi. So as you know Shenzi came on production a little bit ahead of schedule, we are now at 10,000 barrels a day at Shenzi, the wells are doing a little bit better than expected. And that's where six wells on production, we expect to get four more drilled before year-end. I think the 20,000 barrel of day number is still good, because there is some uncertainty about water are for influx on Shenzi. So you can't be certain until you get some production under your belt there.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company LLC: Is there any issue in terms of the impact of having produced Genghis Khan up to this point fairly aggressively?
G. P. Hill: No, we are seeing no impact as a result of that.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company LLC: Okay. So I shift in North Western Shelf, Greg, and maybe give us a little bit of an idea where you stand to date on your 100% block in terms of a critical mass for development?
G. P. Hill: You bet. So again let me provide some overall perspective on Australia. As you know on our block, we have a 16 well commitment, where 25% of the way through our drilling program. So we've got four of 16 wells under our belt, three of which were discoveries. So that's very good news. But we still have a long way to go to understand exactly what we have. We plan to drill another five to six wells beginning in the middle of the year. I should say though, that we are beginning preliminary discussions with Woodside and Shell on potential options for liquefaction. So again I think we really won't know exactly what we have until some time in 2010 or trying to get ahead of things and starting new discussions on liquefaction. On Block 404, the block we shared with Woodside, they've drilled the first of nine wells, which was also a discovery, with some 360 feet of gross gas and the strophic. So again, here it's good news, but still very early days on Australia.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company LLC: Okay. And one more for me if I could, shifting to the downstream side. The FCC utilization rates, John has, I guess it's not surprising to see a number in the 70s and necessarily in the first quarter. But, as you look back over the various periods in 2008 it was also 70% kind of utilization rates. Is there something going on here and is that operating rate at the FCC at Hovensa higher now, given the shift in road of product economics?
John Hess: Yeah, it's just Mark, and I understand the reason you are asking the question. The combination of planned and unplanned maintenance, not only in the recent quarter, but in the last year, as well as the economic signals we get. Obviously, with the weak gasoline spreads, it did not make sense to run that at high rates and high severity and we cut back on it. So I'm just dealing with the economic markets that we are dealing with. And that's sort of an ongoing thing I would say that, the rates are higher now and running better in part because of some of that maintenance portion that was done, as well side through the economic, but the economics of the refining business as you know are still very poor.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company LLC: Okay, John. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Hi, guys. John, or Greg, when you are talking about the BM-S-22 the second well, did you indicate that you'll start a appraisal well to the first discovery or just really looking at a different view or structure?
G. P. Hill: Could you repeat your question again so you're talking about the second well?
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Right. The second well that you are drilling. Is that a piece or to the same well structure of the first discovery or that this is targeting a different structure in the same Gulf?
G. P. Hill: Yeah. So we're preparing along a different type of structure there is really four kind of structures that we would like to test on that block.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So this is a different structure that you are testing?
G. P. Hill: It's all four different kind of phases but it's all pre-sold.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Right that means the different structure is not extended to the same field that you are testing?
G. P. Hill: Yeah I mean--
John Hess: And keep in mind all the size of this block.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Absolutely fully understand.
John Hess: Rhode Island.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: That's why I was asking Greg whether this is the same field or this is a different structure. And Greg, I know that is early day, can you tell us that what's the process, one that let's say you've finished the second well and did the discovery. Do you have from a regulatory standpoint limitation and when that you've need to submit in terms of the development plan or that a further appraisal plan?
G. P. Hill: That's all part of the ongoing discussions between the operator and the government right now, as to what's the evaluation plans going to be in Brazil. So I really can't talk about that, that's what the operators in discussions now.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. I presume that maybe this is for John Rielly. The 2009 CapEx the 3.2 billion that, I presume there's no change at this point?
J. P. Rielly: Right, there is no change in our guidance right now in this year and then again as we get to the second quarter conference call, we'll update our guidance for the year.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: John, how of the 101 million in the marketing profit for this quarter. How much is related to the home hitting operation?
J. P. Rielly: Paul, we don't get that kind of granularity when we give out that kind of information.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: I don't need an exact number but is it 30%, 40% or--?
J. P. Rielly: Generally energy marketing had a good quarter again with the way the weather and you can see the volumes that were there. So I can tell you it was a good quarter from that standpoint, but that's as far as the detail we give on that.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And how about the 200 million--
John Hess: Paul, the point here is natural gas sales and energy marketing did well, fuel oil sales did well. Electricity sales did well and heating oil sales did well simply because we had a normal winter and degree days were 10% ahead of last year. So it's really more across the board than just singling out one product to another.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Sure. John, since I tell you here in terms of M&A opportunity, I mean some of your peer group maybe a short in cash, do you see opportunity to pick up some interesting offset or that you already feel your pay is too slow and you really want to focus on your existing portfolio?
John Hess: Obviously, we don't comment on specifics of M&A and you know that. How do we think about the business, we worked hard to develop an organic platform to sustain the growth in our reserves and production. We are focused at two things keeping a strong balance sheet in the short-term, so that these exiting exploration and development opportunities that we had ahead of us we can execute and pursue when the timing is right. Obviously, there are things out there in the marketplace that we look at from time-to-time and if they enhance the portfolio strategically or financially, we compare them to the things that we already have in our own portfolio and quite frankly the majority of the time, the opportunities that we have in-house is a better investment for our shareholders because the organic focus that we have.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So it sounds like that you would the priority would be focusing on your organic existing point?
John Hess: That's correct.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: And, John can you give us an idea that what is the EG production, at Equatorial Guinea, on Permian how they are doing are they still holding up pretty close to the peak or that it was not a seemed that the more rapid decline there?
John Hess: No, the Equatorial Guinea is holding firm at about currently it's at about 75,000 barrels a day net.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Okay. And you haven't seen any side that is thought to be more rapid decline yet?
John Hess: Not yet.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Greg, can you give us an update of West Med in Egypt, how is that appraisal process, you guys haven't really talked much any update there?
G. P. Hill: No, I think same status as we reported. There will be additional seismic processing and we are in the midst of understanding what our next steps are.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: So any timeframe say in six months that you have more of the data that you can share or is going to take a year in decline your timeframe you can share?
John Hess: No, we haven't set a timeframe yet, at this point we are saying that we are going to need further drilling to replace the block, but in terms of timing can't really give any definitive guidance.
Paul Cheng - Barclays Capital: Very good, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Flannery with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse First Boston: Thank you. My question is on the CapEx program, which is now down to $3.2 billion, this is in context of what you are mentioning earlier about potentially assets in the debt and the equity market. But if you look at that $3.2 billion, how much more easy deferral would you say is in there, and if you don't need to give a precise number, but I am wondering where we are in the CapEx program reduction cycle, if you will.
J. P. Rielly: Mark, we are continuing to look at actually all our spend, be it CapEx or operating. But at this point, again as the year goes on you have ins and outs that are coming through. And again, we're still working on and trying to get efficiencies from our suppliers. What I would tell you right now is the $3.2 billion is our guidance, we are staying with this at this point, we will continue to monitor it and then on the second quarter conference call, we will give you updated guidance then.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. Let me ask just slightly different question, which is, you said you were expecting continued cost reduction through the year. Maybe I missed the number here. But do you have a target in dollars million, the way you think you will be by year-end?
J. P. Rielly: No, we didn't give a target for where we would be by year-end. So as I said in my opening remarks, we are giving guidance now that are, cost will be down $1 per barrel on the cash operating side. And then from an after-tax standpoint on a corporate expenses down 10 million. And so we'll again continue as this year goes on, if the guidance changes, we get additional savings all add to that guidance as we go throughout the year.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse First Boston: Great. Okay. Thank you very much.
J. P. Rielly: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Neil McMahon with Sanford Bernstein. Please proceed.
Neil McMahon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: Hi, I've got a number of questions, maybe going back to Ghana again. Based on the latest wells, just a bit in all sort of view, things vary much, we are certain that we are dealing with stratographic traps in the Ghana area. I just wanted to do give a sense of what you were seeing in the deeper water blocks to the side, and what's your first well more aimed at a structural trap than a stratographic trap? And secondly, just on Ghana itself how much interest do you have in potentially getting purchasing the Cosmos interest to get more information on that general area, and I've got a follow-up on Brazil too.
G. P. Hill: Okay. On Ghana again, I think year-over-year we're still processing the seismic, we shoot additional seismic, trying to figure out what we have there to the west. And so, it's early days to be talking about what we think there, so we are in the midst of all that now, got the seismic back and we're in the process of -- processing it all currently. So very early days. As far as the Cosmos block no, we don't have any interest in that.
Neil McMahon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: Maybe just so on that previous survey did you use different parameters shooting the survey from the last one?
G. P. Hill: Can't answer that Neil. Have to get back with you on that.
Neil McMahon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: Okay. Maybe just turning to Brazil, I am finding a bit strange maybe I am reading far too much into this, that your comment on BM-S-22, it's only a bit more like the oil industry term a technical success lower than something to be jumping up and doing on. I am just wondering on that particular block since this sitting on top of the very hard structural high and it's relatively shallow to other sub salt discoveries, are you seeing some reservoir issues or tighter reservoirs than you may have seen in other locations, or heard about in other locations in the basin?
G. P. Hill: No I think, I think Neil I'm at again it's just too early days on Brazil to really make any definitive comments about what we have or we don't have. Again on the second well, we are 80% of the way to TD. We are in the midst to solve right now. I think what we can say about the second well on it's position is we believe it's in a better rock quality position than the first well, but that's about it.
Neil McMahon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: And you can't decide is pretty interesting that's all. I was just wondering as well, the other wells in the basin targets three reservoir units whereas on BM-S-22 it's pretty obvious that Gulf of Sidra reservoir is in existence. The lower to sort of Sag reservoir units don't appear to be that obvious. Is that what the blocks move were they additional wells are aimed at lower reservoir structures rather than that of Sag reservoir?
G. P. Hill: Neil I say again, it's just early days. I don't want to get into all the technical details about Brazil and what we are trying to do because obviously it's quite a sensitive area competitively. So I don't want to talk about what we are trying to target.
Neil McMahon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: Okay.
G. P. Hill: Thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your next question comes from the line of Faisel Khan with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Faisel Khan - Citigroup: Hi, good morning. Just curious on your operating cash flow and your per CapEx per quarter do you think that your cost cutting initiatives should be able to bring operating cash flow in line with the current run-rate in CapEx?
J. P. Rielly: I hate to continue to use a early days here in the year. But I'm going to use that I mean again it is early days I don't want to speculate on what commodity prices will be -- assuming commodity prices are kind of flat. With commodity prices kind of flat, if you are going to say that cash flow is around that number there, and I gave you the target for cash operating cost, you can see that cash operating cost number if you have a dollar reduction in our production guidance, that's a $140 million there. So, you can see what that number is and you can run it through and compare to our CapEx number. So again, we run all sorts of scenarios on what commodity prices will be and what our cost savings can target. And we'll continue to update you throughout the year on where we see our guidance will be.
Neil McMahon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: Okay. And in your prepared remarks when you talked about raising -- access in the debt market to the equity markets. I was wondering did you -- with any conversations that you have the rating agencies that kind of stemmed you to talk about those potential capital raisings?
J. P. Rielly: No, actually. Again, as John had said earlier, it's just, as we look out and depending on future conditions, we will consider all options with the point being that we want to maintain our liquidity position and maintain a good strong balance sheet through these uncertain times. And so that's why we are considering various options, and it did not have anything to do with discussions with the rating agencies.
Neil McMahon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: Okay. And just a question on your discovery in Libya in the fourth quarter, was that -- you talked about being a hydrocarbon discovery, but can you give us little more color, is it oil or gas, is it both or is it too early to say?
G. P. Hill: It's to early to say.
Neil McMahon - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co: Okay. Got you. Thanks for the time.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with The Benchmark Company. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company LLC: Yeah, thanks. John Rielly, this is off the wall one, so forgive me for it. But, I think I noticed for the first time somewhat unusual line in the income statement, and entitled net income awards attributable to non-controlling interest, right before the bottom-line net income attributable to Hess Corporation. Could you explain to me what this is about?
J. P. Rielly: Sure. And you should be seeing that on a majority of companies coming out this quarter. If you look, I don't know you saw in the income statement, we have an asterisk at the bottom and it reflects the adoption of FASB 160 accounting for non-controlling interest. So there is a new accounting standard that came out that changes the classification of the way we disclose non-controlling interest, on our balance sheet as well as the income statement. That's why you see that new line there. So where we have non-controlling interest they just show up, I guess giving more transparency to the number.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company LLC: So John, what's the difference between that and overall equity earnings, any?
J. P. Rielly: No, its all before, that number if you want to pick this quarter that 42 just would have been up in our income statement in various lines and it's the minority interest in some our ventures. So that's all it is and it would have been in various line items in prior quarters. So really no change to the bottom-line at all, it's just the way you disclose the minority interest.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company LLC: Okay. Thanks.
J. P. Rielly: Sure.
Operator: With no further questions in the queue. I would like to thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. And have a great day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-01-28 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson  Vice President Investor Relations John B. Hess  Chairman of the Board & Chief Executive Officer John P. Rielly  Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President John OConner  President Worldwide Exploration
Analysts: Mark Flannery  Credit Suisse Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company International Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch Arjune Murti  Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America Doug Leggate - Citigroup Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company LLC
Operator: Welcome to the Hess Corporation fourth quarter 2008 earnings conference call. My name is [Letrice] and I will be your coordinator for todays conference. At this time all participants are in a listen only mode. We will be facilitating a question and answer session towards the end of this call. (Operator Instructions) At this time I would like to turn the call over to your host for todays conference Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President Investor Relations.
Jay Wilson: Thank you for participating on our fourth quarter earnings conference call. The earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website www.Hess.com. Todays conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those that are expressed or implied in such statements. As usual, with me today are John Hess, John OConner and John Rielly. Ill now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess : Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I would like to discuss the current financial environment, review key achievements of 2008 and provide guidance for 2009. John OConner will then discuss our exploration and production business and John Rielly will review our financial results. Weve been experiencing a severe global economic crisis that has greatly reduced the demand for energy and has led to a precipitous drop in crude oil and natural gas prices. We have responded to this reduction in our projected cash flow from operations by sizing our 2009 capital and exploratory expenditure budget to $3.2 billion compared with $4.8 billion in 2008. The purpose of our investment program in 2009 is to maintain financial strength in this time of uncertainty while protecting our long term growth options. As in previous years the majority of our 2009 spending will be targeted to exploration production with $1.4 billion budgeted for production operations, $900 million for development and $800 million for exploration. In 2009 we forecast that crude oil and natural gas production will average between 380,000 and 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. We begin 2009 having delivered strong financial performance in 2008. Full year results benefited from strong commodity prices which were partially offset by higher industry costs. Corporate net income for the year was a record $2.3 billion. Exploration production earned $2.4 billion and marketing and refining earned $277 million. In 2008 we also strengthened our financial position with debt to capitalization improving to 24.3% compared to 28.9% at the end of 2007. With regard to operations, exploration production achievements in 2008 included growing proved reserves to 1.43 billion barrels of oil equivalent, replacing 171% of production and an FD&A cost of about $19 per barrel of oil equivalent and achieving our reserve life target of 10 years, marking the 6th consecutive year in which we lengthened our reserve life. During 2008 we advanced our field developments including the Shenzi field in the deep water Gulf of Mexico and Pangkah Oil & LPG project in Indonesia, both of which are on schedule to commence production in the second quarter of 2009. We also continued to make progress in our onshore US Bakken Shale and Seminole ROZ projects. In exploration we executed a successful program in 2008 which resulted in offshore discoveries in Australia, Libya and Egypt. We conducted successful appraisal drilling on our pony field in the deep water Gulf of Mexico. Also during the year we made significant additions to our exploration acreage including the acquisition of 47 new blocks in the deep water Gulf of Mexico and the Semai V Block in Indonesia. With regard to marketing and refining, our 2008 financial results were similar to 2007. Refining results were negatively impacted by the significant decline in refining margins. However, marketing results were up compared to last year. In retail marketing, higher margins more than offset weaker gasoline sales. In energy marketing results reflected volume improvement and stronger margins. While we have taken prudent steps to appropriately size our capital and exploratory expenditures program for 2009 in response to the weak economic environment we remain committed to our strategy of investing in exploration production to profitably grow our reserves and production on a sustainable basis. We are proud of our organizations ability to deliver performance and remain confident that our future investment opportunities will create value for our shareholders. I am very pleased that Greg Hill has joined us as President Worldwide Exploration and Production. He succeeds John OConner who is retiring after more than seven years of outstanding leadership. Greg had a distinguished 25 year career at Shell where he had most recently been executive vice president Asia Pacific E&P. He also served in leadership roles in the United States and Europe. Greg brings global experience and operations excellence, technology, development projects and building world class organizations through investment in people. As this will be John OConners final conference call, I want to express our deep appreciation for the extraordinary job he has done in building a global franchise in exploration and production. His vision to grow reserves and production on a sustainable and financially disciplined basis has built a strong foundation for the future. We are grateful to John for his many invaluable contributions over the years. He has been a great partner and friend and we wish him health and happiness in his well deserved retirement. I will now turn the call over to John OConner.
John OConner : In 2008 crude oil and natural gas production averaged 381,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day which was up 1% versus 2007. Production was underpinned by strong performance at the Hess operated Okume Complex in Equatorial Guinea and the commencement of Phase 2 natural gas sales at the Malaysia-Thailand JDA in November. On the other hand, the hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico had the effect of reducing our full year 2008 production by 7,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day. While we have thus far restored some 18,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, as a result of third party transportation issues we still have about 15,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day shut in. These remaining volumes are expected to be brought back online by the end of the first quarter. 2008 was another year of improved sustainability for E&P. We added proved reserves of 244 million barrels of oil equivalent which resulted in yearend reserves being up 1% to the rest of 2007. We also achieved our reserve life target which was established some six years ago of 10 years. Turning to exploration, we conducted an active drilling program in 2008 with encouraging results. In the Northwest Shelf of Australia we drilled four exploration wells on our 100% owned WA-390-P license which resulted in three discoveries. We plan to drill and additional five exploration wells during the second half of 2009. In addition, Woodside, the operator of WQ-404-P license in which Hess has a 50% interest will commence its three well program in February. In Libya we made a potentially significant discovery on our 100% owned Area 54 license located in the Gulf of Sidra. We plan now to acquire 3D seismic and drill at least one appraisal well during the second half of 2009. In Egypt we announced a discovery on our deep water West Med Block which Hess has a 55% interest and is the operator. Further exploratory drilling is planned for the fourth quarter of 2009. In Ghana the Ankobra-1 well on our K-3 South Block was a dry hole. However, we remain encouraged by the potential in the area and we recently acquired 3D seismic over the western half of the block. In 2009 we will process and interpret this seismic data with preliminary plans to drill another well in 2010. Im sure that many of you saw that ExxonMobil the operator of Block BM-S-22 in Brazil filed a notice of discovery with the regulators on January 16th. We encouraged by the presence of hydrocarbons in the Azulao well. Logging operations are complete and well will now be drilled to its target depth. Following completion of operations at Azulao, the operator plans to drill a second well on the block. 2008 marked another year of real progress for the companys exploration and production business. Despite the significant decline in commodity prices experienced in the fourth quarter, our performance objectives for the year were met or exceeded. Promising new exploration acreage was acquired, development projects were progressed on schedule and we achieved record earnings. As this will my 29th and final conference call with Hess, I want to take the opportunity to say that it has been a fantastic seven plus years during which our business has been substantially transformed. Im proud of everyone in our organization for the contributions they have made to our companys success and Im also especially pleased that Greg Hill has chosen to join us to continue strengthening the business. Now, Ill turn the call over to John Rielly.
John P. Rielly : In my remarks today I will compared fourth quarter 2008 results to the third quarter and I will provide additional 2009 guidance. Fourth quarter 2008 consolidated results amounted to a net loss of $74 million compared with income of $775 million in the third quarter. Turning to exploration and production, exploration and production operations in the fourth quarter of 2008 had a loss of $125 million compared with income of $699 million in the third quarter. The fourth quarter results were impacted by significant declines in commodity prices, volatility in foreign exchange rates, hurricane down time and incremental costs, asset impairments and a net tax charge. In our earning release we had treated the asset impairments and hurricane costs as special items and now I will discuss the other factors giving rise to the fourth quarter loss and the variance from third quarter earnings. Excluding the special items of $26 million, the after tax components of the decrease in earnings are as follows: lower selling prices decreased earnings by $655 million; higher sales volumes increased earnings by $22 million; increased exploration expense reduced earnings by $68 million; higher foreign currency losses decreased earnings by $74 million; a net income tax charge reduced earnings by $20 million; and all other items net to a decrease in earnings of $3 million for an overall decrease in fourth quarter adjusted income of $798 million. As indicated in the earnings release, fourth quarter production was reduced by 19,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day as a result of hurricane activity in the Gulf of Mexico. We estimate the after tax opportunity costs of this reduced production was lower fourth quarter income of approximately $45 million. The increased foreign currency loss in the fourth quarter reflects the effect of the exchange rate volatility on the re-measurement of assets, liabilities and foreign currency forward contracts by certain foreign businesses. As indicated in the press release, in the fourth quarter of 2008, the corporation had a net income tax charge of $20 million. This charge principally reflects the reduction of deferred tax assets in Algeria due to a lower statutory tax rate associated with falling oil prices. The overall exploration and production effective income tax rate for the full year of 2008 was 49%. Turning to marketing and refining, the results of marketing and refining operations amounted to income of $152 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 compared with $161 million in the third quarter. Results of refining operations amounted to income of $27 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 compared with $46 million in the third quarter. The corporations share of Hovensas results after income taxes amounted to income of $13 million in the fourth quarter compared with $32 million in the third quarter primarily reflecting lower margins. [Inaudible] earnings were $14 million in the fourth and third quarters. Marketing earnings amount to $138 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 compared with $110 million in the third quarter. Fourth quarter 2008 marketing results principally reflect higher margins in retail gasoline operations. Trading activities generated a loss of $13 million in the fourth quarter compared with income of $5 million in the third quarter. Turning to corporate, net corporate expenses amounted to $59 million in the fourth quarter of 2008 including after tax losses of $14 million on pension related investments compared with net corporate expenses of $42 million in the third quarter. For the full year of 2008 net corporate expenses were $173 million. After tax interest expense was $42 million in the fourth quarter compared with $43 million in the third quarter. For the full year 2008 after tax interest expenses was $167 million. Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter including the decrease of $97 million from changes in working capital was $495 million. The principal use of cash was capital expenditures of $1,156,000,000. All other items amounted to a net increase of cash flow of $189 million resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $472 million. At December 31, 2008 we had $908 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our available revolving credit capacity was $2,474,000,000. Total debt was $3,955,000,000 at December 31, 2008 and $3,980,000,000 at December 31, 2007. The corporations debt to capital ratio at December 31, 2008 was 24.3% compared with 28.9% at the end of 2007. Turning to 2009 guidance, in addition to the 2009 production and capital expenditure guidance that John has referred to, I would like to provide further information on certain 2009 financial metrics. Our E&P cash operating costs are expected to be in the range of $15 to $16 per barrel of oil equivalent produced. Depreciation, depletion and amortization charges are expected to be in the range of $13 to $14 per barrel for a total production unit cost of $28 to $30 per barrel. In our projections for 2009 we are not anticipating any changes in statutory tax rate however, for the full year 2009 we currently expect our E&P effective tax rate to be in the range of 57% to 61%. The increase from our 2008 effective rate largely reflect the impact of Libyan taxes in a lower commodity price environment. Excluding Libya the E&P effective rate was 40% in 2008 and is expected to be in the range of 40% to 44% in 2009. Concerning our crude oil hedge positions, as noted in the third quarter earnings release the corporation closed its Brent crude oil hedges by entering in to offsetting contracts covering 24,000 barrels per day of production from 2009 through 2012. The deferred after tax loss as of the date the positions were closed will be recorded in earnings as the contracts mature. The estimated annual after tax loss from the closed positions will be approximately $335 million from 2009 through 2012. The pre-tax amounts will continue to be recorded as a reduction of revenue and allocated to the selling prices of our African production. Net corporate expenses in 2009 are estimated to be in the range of $165 to $175 million. After tax interest expense in 2009 is anticipated to be in the range of $190 to $200 million. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Mark Flannery  Credit Suisse.
Mark Flannery  Credit Suisse: I have a question about costs, John Rielly just gave us some guidance on the cash operating costs but with regard to lets assume a $45 world and a world of $5 US natural gas prices are you confident that the corporation can post a net profit in 2009? I think that net loss in the fourth quarter has raised a few eyebrows. Is there anything you can do to maybe get costs down further than the guidance that youve given us today?
John P. Rielly : What we have Mark in our projections right now for costs is as you know we have contracts that you enter in to and youll fulfill those contracts, especially in the first six months of the year. As these contracts come in well execute those contracts and well incur those costs. As youre talking about a $45 world or a $5 natural gas price world, obviously then industry costs will come down over time and so those costs will then filter through our operating costs. Now, trying to give projections of exactly when that will happen I cant give it to you exactly which quarter and as that will start filter through. But, if theres a $45 price world, we can be profitable in a $45 price world. As you can see from our results that we gave obviously, theres lower commodity prices right now, we had to take a look at our whole portfolio to see if there were any impairments in the portfolio. You can see that we had small impairments at two fields and both of those fields were at the end of their life actually, both ceasing production in 2009. So, at these lower prices our portfolio is resilient and is profitable at these lower prices. Now, the other facts that you have to add in then are exploration expenses. So, are you going to be successful with your wells or not. But again, if youre just talking about the portfolio and the producing assets, they can be profitable at these prices.
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company International.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company International: A couple of questions, firstly on reserves additions Im just curious how much might be in there for Bakken? I dont imagine it was a large number but just curious nonetheless given the combination of year end pricing and costs. Then related to that, what your rough number might be for the WTI equivalent price that would be needed for Bakken to be reasonably economic in the long term for Hess. Then, unrelated to that, in exploration Im just curious on exploration expenses in the fourth quarter, what if any, might have been included for leasehold impairments.
John P. Rielly : Ill take the second one first, theres nothing in the exploration expenses related to leasehold impairments. The only impairments mentioned in that special line of $26 million, theres after tax $17 million related to the impairment of two assets so theres nothing in the exploration expense line. It is just primarily the Ghana well that we spoke about and then we also had the Australia exploration costs that we spoke about on the last call but, its all the fourth quarter portion of that included in the exploration expense.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company International: Then real quick, on Australia other than the dry hole component what was in there for Australia exploration expense?
John P. Rielly : Its just the dry hole component.
John OConner : The Bakken contributed about 13% of the total net reserve adds at the end of the year and thats both a consequence of performance as well as drilling so weve been very pleased with our experience in the Bakken. Weve obviously shifted downwards in the Bakken in terms of drilling activity at this time because we were really ramped up and growing and going during 2008. So, we actually welcome the opportunity to take a more studied approach to the Bakken. With respect to profitability and the Bakken is profitable right now and I expect that in this environment as we see as John Rielly mentioned pressures on contractors and suppliers to reduce costs, that we will continue to be profitable even should crude prices continue downwards.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch.
Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch: Staying with the question on reserve bookings can you confirm that the numbers youve quoted included the effect year end pricing? And if so, can you quantify what the impact was on the end pricing? Then I have a follow up question.
John OConner : I can confirm that the reserves do include the impact of price effects. The net effect between the positives and negatives because of course price effected in both directions was a net plus of 77 million barrels.
Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch: This one is for John Rielly, on depreciation, unit depreciation in the E&P, you guided for $13 to $14 for 2009. If I get my numbers right for the fourth quarter I get you had about $17 in international and about $15 in the US. Can you help me reconcile the fourth quarter with the 2009 outlook?
John P. Rielly : In the fourth quarter the impairments that I spoke about, the pre-tax effects are in the DD&A line so youll need to exclude that and thats $31 million there. So, even when you take that out, the DD&A rate is still higher than what my guidance was for the full year but its difficult. Again, when you look at quarter and quarter and you get in to mix issues that happened in the quarter obviously with some of our US production down and some of our higher international production, higher DD&A rates being in there, so again from a guidance standpoint we feel good for $13 to $14 for the full year. The fourth quarter was just effected by mix of production and then the pre-tax effect of the impairment.
John OConner : Can I Just amplify the answer I gave you, the 77 I told you about was with respects to the increase on [PSC] contracts on price. The offset is -16 due to price impacts [royalty] regime. So, the net effect of the two things is an add of 60.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arjune Murti  Goldman Sachs & Co.
Arjune Murti  Goldman Sachs & Co.: The question is for John, you mentioned the Brazil well finished logging, you were going to start drilling again. Can you just remind us what total depth is, how long you think it might be to get there and the presence of hydrocarbons in the Exxon filing, can you confirm or not whether that was outside of the target horizons or within the target zones you were looking for here?
John OConner : At the back end of the question, certainly the hydrocarbons as indicated were picked up in target intervals that were targeted. With respect to the TD of the well, theres about another 1,000 meters to go and bottom hole assembly is back in the hole headed towards the bottom. There is some conditioning to do and I think I have to say the drilling operations have gone extremely well on this well so I would expect two or three days to get to TD then presumably logging at TD.
Arjune Murti  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Just two or three more days to get to TD?
John OConner : I would think so yes. About 1,000 meters to go to program total depth. Now, as you know, things can change along the way and this is not coming from the operator so I am winging it here. But, I do know its about 1,000 meters to program TD and assuming thats the case and recognizing how well the operator has drilled the well thus far, I thought it was about three days of drilling. There is substantial logging at the end of that obviously too.
Arjune Murti  Goldman Sachs & Co.: To I guess any of the Johns, the debt levels are now at much healthier levels, can you just maybe talk about what your comfort is on things like debt to cap and debt? You have taken down the cap ex and depending on the wall price, were probably not too far from cash flow but how youre thinking about do you want to maintain within cash flow or would you be willing to lever up the company a little bit.
John B. Hess : Arjune, a very good question. As you know, our goal is to live within our means to fund our investment program. As prices fell precipitously in the fourth quarter and with the weak economic environment were in we sized our capital and exploratory expenditure program accordingly at $3.2 billion. As the year unfolds if we have to make further adjustments we have the financial flexibility to do so and depending on prices, depending upon some of these costs rolling off, we will continue to have the objective to maintain our financial strength. We really want to stay a strong investment grade and keep our balance sheet strong and yet at the same time protect our growth options. So, we will stay flexible as the year unfolds and we have further flexibility to make adjustments if warranted.
Arjune Murti  Goldman Sachs & Co.: Its obviously very early days in Brazil. I suppose the thought process is lets see what you have. If it does turn out to be a good discovery and one does have development some day it is going to be a year or two of [inaudible] before you have to spend any consequential income or capital and well just see what oil price environment youre in, what kind of cashes you have at that point before one considers what you may or may not have to do from a financing standpoint. Is that fair?
John B. Hess : Yes, its a high class opportunity and as you know we have some other exploratory successes that were appraising now and God willing also will be future development opportunities. But, obviously in todays price environment and financial environment we will be prudent how we allocate capital going forward but, were happy to be in an opportunity rich strong position.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: A number of questions, John can you refresh my memory what is the development plan for the West Med?
John OConner : West Med is actually now quite interesting because of course with the establishment of liquid hydrocarbons in the newer horizon that we drilled last year. This causes us to revisit the prior development concept which was based around development of dry gas subsidy development and transportation to shore and gas processing on shore. So, as we take in to effect the existence of the liquids we have established together with the recognition in seismic that there are other similar prospects on the block I think its causing us to step back and take a more holistic view of what we may have on the block.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: So should we assume that its great that you found hydrocarbon but that probably means that well probably see a little bit more of a delay for the project to come on stream.
John OConner : I would think thats exactly right Paul. I think it will be bigger in scope and it will be changed in terms of technical content and I think it will benefit everybody if we take a more steadied approach.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: John, on the reserve addition you had indicated that Bakken represented about 13% of the addition and I think maybe I got you wrong you said yearend price effect is a positive $77 million, right?
John OConner : Offset by a negative -$16 for a net overall of plus $60.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: Can you also tell us what other major items, or is there any major item?
John OConner : Actually, its quite interesting, we have as you know been upgrading and enhancing our technical capability with respect to the subsurface understanding of all of our assets. This is showing through in the reserve adds for 2008 particularly because we had only modest new project sanctions so much of the reserve adds have actually came through petroleum engineering and reservoir engineering work in the subsurface so its pretty much across all of the assets Paul.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: Is [inaudible] a particular region?
John OConner : Its Valhalla, its Okume, its Libya, its [Natsume], each one of our regions; North Sea, Southeast Asia, Africa and the U.S.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: John, have you guys already seen any meaningful or sizeable downward trend on the spot rate on order surfaces?
John OConner : No, I think John Rielly was alluding to that because of course most of these contracts that we are involved in certainly were longer term contracts and where we would expect to see that affect 
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: Oh I understand, Im just talking about in the spot market.
John OConner : Even the services from logging companies or [inaudible] weve not seen it yet but what we have seen is a willingness to come negotiate with us. So, I think what you would say now is were in a period of negotiating with suppliers and the environment is one that leads us to believe that we will see downward trends.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: Normally, how long is your contract terms? Is it 12 months or longer?
John OConner : Its all over the place Paul?
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: Other than the deep water rig.
John OConner : Normally, for a deep water rig its probably two years standard with an option for another one. Now, we dont have new contracts, we have an existing contract on the [Baroness] which has about somewhere between 12 and 14 months left on that contract. Thats more typical frankly.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: I was talking about outside the deep water rigs is it more within one year to two years?
John OConner : More typically one year.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: Final question for John Rielly, on the hedging Im just trying to make sure I understand, I think unrealized losses of $335 million and that was spread between 2009 and 2010 and thats after tax, so I assume pre-tax about $515 million. Can we just assume to be about [inaudible] $65 million in the quarter and so whatever is the realized price and then we assume no hedging in that, assume a $65 million hit on the realization?
John P. Rielly : Thats correct. Its kind of a straight line amortization of that $335 annual, thats after tax, just like you said so you take the pre-tax.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: $335 is annual? I thought that was both 2009 and 2010 together.
John P. Rielly : [Inaudible] then you were saying divided by four within the quarters. No, its $335 million each year for 2009 through 2012. Then you would just take it over the four quarter, just divide it over.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: The $335 million is after tax so pre-tax each year is about $515?
John P. Rielly : Correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America: In the spirit of the call John, I wondered what you consider your greatest achievements have been and your greatest regret as you leave.
John OConner : Im always afraid Paul to jump in to greatest regret because theres no way I could answer it adequately. Probably my greatest regret is that Im leaving right now at a point in time where the company is poised to deliver even more exciting outcomes. In terms of successes I think to start six years ago at what I considered to be a very dangerous reserve life ratio for the portfolio of hitting on six, just about six plus and to see it drive every year upwards on the basis of both technical work, sound acquisitions and competent development. Actually, we had set ourselves and internal targeting getting to a reserve life of 10 by the end of 2009, its really quite extraordinary that we managed to accomplish that a year early. Having said that the other thing that I am tremendously pleased about is the caliber of people who both stayed with us during the tough times in the early period and who choose to join us. Both mid career people, outstanding professional petro techs and really smart young kids that we managed to recruit from college. Its quite extraordinary that weve been pulling in 30 kids a year for the past four or five years that have chosen to join us.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America: Can you talk a little bit about your successor and what led the company to choose him?
John OConner : Yes I can, Id be delighted to do that. We have an annual offsite for E&P in February of each year where we set demand and goals and metrics for that year. One of the things that came up last year from a number of the VPs who were present was a concern that I might be thinking of going and how was I going to find a replacement. I committed to the organization that I would find a replacement as good as if not better than myself and I take that obligation seriously. So, fort the past nine months or so I, together with some extraordinary capable people in the HR community have been going through the top qualified E&P people worldwide and weve interviewed a number of those people who were quite keen to be part of this extraordinary adventure. But, when I met Greg Hill and had an opportunity to talk with him and have dinner with him in Singapore I realized we had found exactly the right person. He had the personality and the leadership capabilities that I was looking for that would fit our company, not necessarily all companies but our company. He had had historically experience in extensively onshore in the US which is a wonderful forcing ground for people to learn this industry with their sleeves rolled up and get their hands dirty and then he had had extraordinary success internationally in difficult times in the North Sea and more recently in a very broad portfolio in Southeast Asia. So, in many ways at his age and stage his experience resembled mine at a similar point in time. He has a lot of strengths in areas where I am weak and I think he will bring new eyesight to the opportunities at the current portfolio that presents. So, I have no doubt that that hes going to take the E&P business to a new higher level.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America: What are the strengths were you are weak?
John OConner : I shouldnt give you an opening should I. That might be indicting some of my legacies, Im not going there Paul. Maybe Ill have a drink with you someday.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America: Specifically can you just update us on Pony? Then, one very final one for me is when do you think well see first oil from the BM-S-22 in Brazil?
John OConner : I have absolutely no idea about BM-S-22 quite frankly. I mean, I think the operator has said how pleased they are to participate in this pre-salt discovery which really nobody has really mapped out fully yet, nobody knows the full extent of it yet. Theres a lot more technical work to be done and theres no better operator than ExxonMobil to do the technical work here. So, I think were very confident that we will end up in the right space in the right point of time.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America: But its probably reasonable to say that its five years away, right?
John OConner : By the time you appraise come up with a development plan and then go to construction, that would be fast tracking in my view. Thats just my view, I want to be careful not to get crossed over with the operator.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America: Pony thats the last one for me.
John OConner : Pony, were very excited about. We have done all of the feeds, we have concepts that we think are extremely viable and we are waiting to see if refinements to a number of issues will allow us to go to sanction in 2009. But, thats conceptually where we are.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate  Citigroup.
Doug Leggate  Citigroup: Ive got a couple of quick ones and a larger strategic question. Ill go with the strategic one first, that 10 year reserve life target was kind of a long standing thing for the company. Youve got there as you said a little earlier than you originally thought and I think in light of what Paul was saying about BM-S-22, how does the strategy now change in terms of your approach to exploration? Are you more likely for example to look upon discoveries as assets that could be sold? Just give us an overview of how you see that moving forward?
John OConner : First of all with respect to 10 as a target, when youre reserve life is 6.5 or 7 you say 10 thats a big mountain to climb. Now, I think when you get to 10 you reset the target and you try to add a little more comfort factor in to the reserve life because its the best indicator of sustainability. So, I would not expect that we would rest our laurels at 10. I think that was an appropriate target at the time and what I would think we would shoot for would be to have a reserve life that would be first [inaudible] when compared with our competitors so that might be 11 or 12 so there will be some more work to be done there I think. With respect to the exploration strategy I think it would be wrong of me to anticipate what Greg might want to do as he gets his hands around the portfolio. So, what I would suggest is perhaps on your next conference call you might want to ask Greg about that.
Doug Leggate  Citigroup: The other questions are quite related to that, can you just elaborate a little more on what the plans are in Ghana going forward? The only other one I have really is Valhalla was mentioned as one of the things contributing to the reserve replacement. How do you now that youve got the contract extension there, what are the implications in terms of reserve additions in indeed you did see that lease extension over the next couple of years?
John OConner : No, we have not gotten the lease extension done Doug. It is something that is out there. There have been initial conversations with the regulator but the answer typically is when you get within a shorter time frame of the initial expiry of the license then come talk to us. I think thats perfectly reasonable and we have no reason to assume that at that point and time, given the current performance and competency that we will get an extension. But, it hasnt occurred yet although weve had initial conversations.
Doug Leggate  Citigroup: And Ghana, John?
John OConner : Ghana is really interesting because we only have seismic over the eastern part of the block which showed up a very attractive prospect which we went and drilled which was dry. The offsetting discoveries in Jubilee on the nearer shore block offset the western part of our block and we are currently shooting seismic there right now as we speak. So, my expectation is that once that seismic is acquired, processed and interpreted we will certainly be looking at wild cat locations in that part of the block which we would preliminarily pencil in to be drilled in 2010 Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company LLC.
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company LLC: A couple of things if I could please. John OConner, I guess Im wondering what kind of inference one could draw from the fact that the first well in the Ghana block was not really targeted at a Jubilee analog type prospect given all of the encouragement and enthusiasm with respect to the size of that discovery?
John OConner : As far as Ghana is concerned, it just really is one of those things I would say. I mean, we were tight for rig slots, we had seismic over one part of the block, the seismic indicated a very attractive prospect but as I made clear before we ever spud the well, as you know Mark, this was not in the same target horizons as the Jubilee discovery. So, a lot of things have been said in [inaudible] and really before Jubilee was a discovery and announced we did not have seismic adequate to pick a prospect offsetting the Jubilee discovery. It looked like we had a very viable discovery. We certainly were encouraged in many ways by the information we obtained from [Cobra] well. The one thing that was missing was reservoir but lots of other things worked. So, its part of the learning process and as I said I expect we will identify analogs to Jubilee once we process the seismic. Thats my expectation at this stage, I may be getting ahead of myself but thats the reason why we did what we did.
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company LLC: John OConner, also certain press reports regarding the filing with the ANT in Brazil on the BM-S-22 well, used the words traces of hydrocarbon. Was that a correct reference to the actual report that was filed or was that some editorializing by the journalist involved?
John OConner : That was editorializing Mark. Thats not what my translation of the submission says.
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company LLC: Just a few other quicker ones if I could please. John Rielly, Im confused by the $20 million tax charge which I believe you said was associated with a reduction in the Algeria statutory tax rate. Did I get it right?
John P. Rielly : Yes, you did. Its a bit unusual but in Algeria we have a net deferred tax asset in Algeria. Because of the way the windfall profits tax works in Algeria, when there were higher commodity prices the tax rate when higher because it went by the bands of the commodity prices. So now you come to December 31st and the oil price drops down, the tax rate drops down so you have to apply a lower tax rate to determine your deferred tax asset which is just a non-cash charge reducing the value of that deferred tax asset on the balance sheet.
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company LLC: The comment with respect to the 2009 E&P tax rate, John I just dont understand why in a fixed margin environment such as Libya that the price decline really has such an impact, has any impact frankly on the effective E&P tax rate. Can you help me?
John P. Rielly : Sure. I can give you certain examples. If youre in Libya right and you earn $100 and you have a 90% tax rate you have $90 of tax on that. If you have $100 loss somewhere else be it exploration, dry hole, there now you have zero pre-tax income, that tax benefit is say usually at 40%, youre going to be left with $50 of taxes with zero dollars of pre-tax income. So again, as the commodity prices come down our unit costs in Libya are very low so our pre-tax margin percentage in Libya is our best country pre-tax margin so Libya becomes just a higher part of pre-tax income and therefore with the high rate just mechanically increases the E&P effective rate. Thats why I was trying to say without Libya we were I think 41.7% in 2007, we were 40% in 2008 and were ranging between 40% and 44%, again the range is due to where the liftings are and depending on exploration expenses.
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company LLC: Just one final one, the difference in the quarter between liftings and production John?
John P. Rielly : It was immaterial. It had a small net under lift but it is immaterial.
Operator: Our final question comes from Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch.
Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch: My question also relates to liftings, not whether there is an under lift or over lift but the timing of liftings. Given the sharp change in prices during the quarter were you lifting at sort of an average pace throughout or was there sort of a bias towards the end of the quarter?
John P. Rielly : What it turns out, nothing from pure mechanics or what we were doing with liftings but we did have a bias towards the end of the quarter because lets just take the US. In the US you had the hurricanes, basically we had our 33,000 to 34,000 barrels a day shut in at the beginning of the fourth quarter so we started to restore 18,000 barrels of it during the quarter. That restoration came more in November and December so just from the timing of that lifting were more towards the end of the quarter. Outside of that I wouldnt say theres anything unusual from the timing of lifting.
Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch: Can you quantify the volumes over the three months?
John P. Rielly : For the US you mean?
Erik Mielke  Merrill Lynch: Yes.
John P. Rielly : Just in general? Again, youre picking up I would say from a US standpoint if you looked at our production were not really under lifted or over lifted but I can say that our sales volumes were basically up 10,000 barrels a day from October in November and December.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-29 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson  VP of IR John Hess  Chairman and CEO John Rielly  SVP and CFO John O'Connor  EVP and President, Worldwide Exploration and Production
Analysts: Mark Flannery  Credit Suisse First Boston Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs & Co. Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital Mark Gilman  The Benchmark Co. Sarah Hunt  Alpine
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the third quarter 2008 Hess Corporation earnings conference call. My name is Katina and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for play purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to our host for today's call, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Jay Wilson:  Thank you, Katina. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference all. Earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our Web site, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; John O'Connor, President, Worldwide Exploration & Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our third quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments after which John Rielly will review our financial results. Net income for the third quarter of 2008 was $775 million, up from $395 million a year ago. Our results benefited from higher crude oil and natural gas selling prices and stronger refining and marketing margins, which more than offset the impact of higher upstream costs compared to those in the year ago quarter. For the third quarter of 2008, Exploration and Production earned $699 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 361,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 1% above the year ago period. Facilities downtime associated with Hurricanes Gustav and Ike in the Gulf of Mexico had the effect of reducing our third quarter production by an average of 11,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, delays from the hurricanes in bringing back the operations of third party transportation infrastructure have curtailed full resumption of our production. We have thus far restored 4,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day and the remaining 30,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day is expected to be back on stream by January. Including the impact of the hurricanes, we expect that full year 2008 production will be approximately 380,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is within our original range of our guidance. With regard to our field developments, we continue to make good progress. JDA Phase 2 in the Gulf of Thailand and the Shenzi Field in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico are on track to start up in early 2009 and oil production from the Ujung Pangkah Field in Indonesia is on schedule to commence in mid-2009. With regard to exploration, we have successfully completed our initial four well drilling campaign on Permit WA-390-P in the Northwest Shelf of Australia, in which Hess has a 100% working interest. Following the Glencoe and Briseis discoveries, we announced in September that our third well, Nimblefoot-1 was also a discovery and had encountered 93 feet of net gas pay. In October, we completed operations on our fourth well, Warrior-1, which had gas shows but failed to find commercial quantities of hydrocarbons. While additional drilling is required to delineate the block, we are encouraged by the results of the drilling program to date. Earlier in the year, we acquired a 3-D seismic survey over the WA-390-P Permit. We will now integrate this data with the recent well results to remap the block and define our 2009 drilling campaign that is currently scheduled to resume in the second half of next year. In September, we spudded deepwater exploration wells on Block 54 in Libya and Cape Three Points in Ghana. Drilling operations are ongoing and we expect to have results from both wells during the fourth quarter. Hess has a 100% interest in Block 54 and Cape Three Points. In Brazil, drilling operations recently commenced on Block BM-S-22, in which Hess has a 40% working interest. Results of this well are expected in the first quarter of 2009. Turning to Marketing and Refining, we reported a profit of $161 million for the third quarter of 2008. Both our HOVENSA joint venture refinery and our Port Reading New Jersey facility posted higher earnings than a year ago as refinery problems in the Gulf Coast following Hurricanes Gustav and Ike resulted in higher refining margins. Marketing earnings were also higher than the year ago quarter primarily as a result of improvement in margins. Retail Marketing margins strengthened during the quarter while fuel volumes, on a per site basis, were down 7% reflecting weaker economic conditions. Year over year convenience store sales were flat, after being lower during the first half of this year. In Energy Marketing, sales volumes of fuel oil, natural gas and electricity all grew versus last year. Finally, we are facing a global financial crisis that has decreased the demand for energy resulting in significant decreases in crude oil and natural gas prices. Crude oil, which was priced at over $140 per barrel in July, is now in the $60 per barrel range. Based upon this uncertain economic environment, we will make an appropriate reduction in our 2009 capital and exploratory expenditures to maintain our financial strength. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, John. Hello everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare third quarter 2008 results to the second quarter. Net income for the third quarter of 2008 was $775 million compared with $900 million in the second quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production, income from Exploration and Production operations in the third quarter of 2008 was $699 million compared with $1,025 million in the second quarter. The after-tax components of the decrease are as follows, lower selling prices decreased earnings by $103 million, decreased sales volumes reduced earnings by $213 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $10 million for an overall decrease in third quarter income $326 million. In the third quarter of 2008, our E&P operations were underlifted compared with production, resulting in decreased income in the quarter of approximately $25 million. Turning to Marketing and Refining, the results of Marketing and Refining operations amounted to income of $161 million in the third quarter of 2008 compared with a loss of $52 million in the second quarter. Results of refining operations amounted to income of $46 million in the third quarter of 2008 compared with $3 million in the second quarter. The Corporations share of HOVENSAs results, after income taxes, amounted to income of $32 million in the third quarter compared with a loss of $12 million in the second quarter, primarily reflecting higher margins. Port Reading earnings were $14 million in both the third and second quarters of 2008. Marketing results amounted to income of $110 million in the third quarter of 2008 compared with a loss of $40 million in the second quarter. Third quarter 2008 marketing results reflect higher margins in retail gasoline operations and energy marketing activities. Trading activities generated income of $5 million in the third quarter compared with a loss of $15 million in the second quarter. Turning to Corporate, net corporate expenses amounted to $42 million in the third quarter of 2008 compared with $33 million in the second quarter, principally reflecting losses on pension related investments in the third quarter. After tax interest expense was $43 million in the third quarter compared with $40 million in the second quarter. Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter, including a decrease of $211 million from changes in working capital was $1,205. The principal use of cash was capital expenditures of $1,277 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash flow of $27 million resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $99 million. At September 30, 2008, we had $1,380 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our available revolving credit capacity was $2,683 million at quarter end. Total debt was $3,932 million at September 30, 2008 and $3,980 million at December 31, 2007. The Corporations debt to capitalization ratio at September 30, 2008 was 24.3% compared with 28.9% at the end of 2007. Turning to other matters, as noted on page 10 of our earnings release, subsequent to quarter end the Corporation closed its Brent crude oil hedge positions by entering into offsetting contracts covering 24,000 barrels per day of production from 2009 through 2012 at a per barrel price of $86.95 each year. The fourth quarter 2008 hedges were not affected by these transactions and are still open. The deferred after-tax loss as of the date the positions were closed will be reflected in earnings as the contracts mature. The estimated annual after tax loss from the closed positions will be approximately $335 million from 2009 through 2012. The pretax amounts will continue to be recorded as a reduction of revenue and allocated to the selling prices of our African production. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Mark Flannery representing Credit Suisse First Boston. Please proceed.
Mark Flannery  Credit Suisse First Boston:  Thanks. I have got two questions very loosely related. Firstly on CapEx, you mentioned that you will make some appropriate adjustments to the 2009 CapEx, I suspect you are not going to give me a number for 2009, but can you help us think about that, what does that mean in terms of how you are approaching the 09 capital budget either in terms of lower oil price expectation or just how should we think about that? My second question is on press reports regarding new refinery and solutions.
John Rielly: Okay Mark I will start with your first question and you are right, we are still in the middle of our 2009 budget process and we will give everyone an update on our January conference call going over our fourth quarter earnings and set up our budget for next year but there is no question that the global financial crisis has clearly impacted the performance of the economy and has led to significant decreases in commodity prices. So, as a result, we are looking at a lower price environment going into 2009 and as a result we will be reducing our 2009 capital and exploratory program to live within our means, but having said that we will still be focusing on the growth projects that we have. We are in a fortunate position that Shenzi, the project  we will be starting our production in 2009 and will be completing that project. Pangkah oil that will be completing here, through the end of this year and into mid 2009 and start up on production, we will obviously be completing that. JDA Phase 2 actually is complete on our end; we are just waiting for the buyers to complete the hook-up of the gas pipeline. So, we do have some of our growth projects, they will be funded as part of our program. So we have flexibility in our portfolio to maintain growth maybe at the lower end of our ranges here going forward but we do have that flexibility in the program and what we will do is go through our normal process. We are ranking all our discretionary projects as they rank according to economic returns. We will pick the highest ranked projects and there will be some then that we either maybe need to pull out more depending on what happens in prices in 2009 or could bring back in as we see what happens with commodity prices. Then, as for your next question, I will turn it to John Hess.
John Hess: Yes, St. Lucia Mark, while we have the option to build a refinery in St. Lucia, we have no current plans to do so. So, I think I would be very definitive about that answer.
Mark Flannery  Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. What is the option then, can you just 
John Hess: We just have the option to build a refinery there when we think the economic conditions are right and as strategically it made sense we had that option. We have had that option going back to the 70s when we did the concession agreement and that concession agreement has been extended. So, thats the option but at the same time I want to be very clear here, we have no current plans to build a refinery in St. Lucia.
Mark Flannery  Credit Suisse First Boston: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti representing Goldman Sachs & Co. Please proceed.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs & Co:  Thank you, John. Just a follow up on the hedging close, just curious from an accounting standpoint, I think when others have done this they have tended to take the charge all in one quarter, it sounds like yours will be spread out, why is that and then I guess the related question is I assume the sketch with the issue of the times having to post letters to credit and maybe you might have said in your prepared remarks, if you did I apologize, but just could you review your revolving credit capacity, whats borrowed, whats outstanding and that kind of thing as well. Thank you.
John Rielly: Sure. Just to go over the various background of it, we like stability in times of uncertainty in the credit market, so with the recent drop in crude oil prices it seemed like a good time to close out positions by entering into offsetting contracts. The hedge positions were not a significant amount of our production but the liability was significant and we needed to manage it as you said with letters of credit. So, now that we have entered into these offsetting contracts, we have locked in that liability, it will benefit our financial flexibility going forward by limiting our exposure to any increased margin requirements. And so by entering the offsetting contract it also gets into the accounting there is no change to the payment terms and therefore the contracts will continue to be paid monthly through 2012 and by entering into these offsetting contracts what we have done is already get into a little accounting technical framework but we de-designated the contracts. They end up just going through and since the probable transactions will still happen, the production will still happen, you defer that and take those losses in as the contracts mature. So, again, from our standpoint, we just thought it was a prudent measure in these uncertain times to lock-in that liability. Then as for our credit facility, our liquidity is strong. We have the majority of our $3 billion revolving credit facility available to us and as I said in our prepared remarks that is about $2.7 billion was available as of September 30, the line does not mature until 2012 and also just to add on we have very minimal near-term debt maturities, less than $200 million over the next two years. So, we feel we are in a good position now to operate in these difficult credit markets.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs & Co:  Thats really helpful. Just a follow-up and I appreciate your comments on sort of the offsetting transactions live at the accounting month the way it does, I probably never thought I would ask this but are the current parties the same on both sides of the transaction, the original hedge and now the offsetting transaction or do you have some sort of counterparty uncertainty in terms of any future need to both letters of credit or anything else of that nature?
John Rielly: No, we would not do that. There is one counterpart on the site of the original hedges and we entered into the offsetting contracts with the same counterparty.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs & Co: Thats terrific. Then just one final one, in the 380,000 full-year guidance, did that contemplate the Gulf of Mexico production coming back progressively or do you assume it is out for the fourth quarter, any additional color on that?
John Hess: Arjun, its going to be a gradual approach. We think we will get about 10,000 to 15,000 barrels a day between now and the middle of November and the residual 15,000 barrels a day is probably going to be at year end, early January I imagine.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs & Co: Thats great. Thank you very much.
John Hess: Thank you.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey representing Deutsche Bank North America. Please proceed.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America:  Hi everyone. You have outlined how strong you are financially really but at the same time saying you will live within your means so if you go back to the CapEx question, can you just address how low you will go? Will you absolutely stay within your means if we say for example stay at $64 barrels or for example, in terms of your rigged commitments and if you can talk a little bit more about that would you prepared to really maintain your programs that are above your means given that you are financially strong?
John Hess: Paul very good question and this is always a matter of degree in how you get the balance right. Obviously the specifics that you are looking for and others are looking for, we will give you on the January conference call, but right now just to help you understand how we think about it, we will make appropriate reductions in our capital and exploratory spending in 2009 to reflect the decrease in prices and obviously they are moving around but we will do it in such a way that we maintain our financial strength and flexibility while still protecting our growth options and we will be as prudent as we can be getting that balance right.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America: I think it is sad to say that you are kind of a bit short rigs arent you, I mean you are certainly not long.
John O'Connor:  I think that is the point, I think thats implicit in John Hess answer Paul. We had always talked about having essentially a (inaudible) program to drill the wild cards [ph] between the fourth quarter this year through the 2009 period and we are still within the constraint of capital environment regarding the funds, the rig commitments that we have. I would add that in the event that things change more favorably it might be a benign environment in terms of picking up occasional rays of opportunity. We will have a program capable of pursing those opportunities should the opportunities arise.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America: Great. One separate question but related to cash, it is pension funding, can you talk a little bit about whether there is going to be any issues that we might expect going forward? Thank you.
John Rielly: Sure. If you looked at our 2007 10-K on our  I will call it our qualified pension plans, when you look at it as compared to our cumulative benefit obligation, we were actually over a 100% funded on those plans. We do have a supplemental plan and on that plan we were just under 75% funded. So, in 2007, 2008, we have been funding the plans at around the level of $80 million. So, yes with asset values decreasing as a result of the market decline, clearly we will be less funded but we were in a good position before. So, yes I could see some increases in contributions but from a significant standpoint it wont be material to our cash.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America: Yes, it feels like it will be $20 million type numbers, do you mean that the market stays where it is?
John Rielly: That would not be unreasonable.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank North America: Okay, great, thanks a lot. Finally John Hess, you just mentioned volumes down 7% I am getting down 3% in the release in terms of the sales that you announced, could you just clarify the difference there that I am getting between what looks like a 3% decline, I think you mentioned in your comments that you were down 7% same store sales.
John Hess: Yes, the same store sales that we are talking about is for the  I just want to make sure our numbers are the same ones that we are talking about, in terms of site versus site, I believe the third quarter is about 7%, the North East is actually a little less than that, in places that actually is closer to 9% same site sales on gasoline volumes we are talking about here is (inaudible) which is up a little higher than that reflecting the real estate problems and the economic problems that they have in the state. So, when you add it all up it is about 7% in terms of the third quarter. In terms of convenient store, our store sales are about flat. If you look at same store sales they are actually down quarter versus quarter a year ago about 2%. So, that is a whole dollar number that we show in the press release. So, overall there is a message here that consumers are cutting back on their spending even more at our sites in gasoline and a little less in the C stores.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng representing Barclays Capital. Please proceed.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: Thank you. Hi gentlemen. John, at the end of September since you said third quarter at the end of September, are you neutral or underneath?
John Rielly: Sure. For the whole year, if you looked at our production for nine months, our total volumes are actually pretty much the same sales volume versus production. Now, when you do look at it compared to country by country, there are some countries that are underlifted and some countries that are overlifted. It is very difficult to give guidance going forward about where the lifts are and what countries will end up overlifted in the fourth quarter. From a general standpoint, for the nine months for this year, Libya has been overlifted and the UK is underlifted, that is our general for the nine months. In the quarter itself, what had happened was Denmark, Norway and the UK were the basic countries that were driving the underlift and the $25 million reduction in the income.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: John, in the OM outside, is there any inventory gains in the result given the rapid decline in oil prices?
John Rielly: No, there is none. There is no liquidation left, no letters have been taken out.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: Think this will be for John O'Connor, John you have were talking about Ghana and BMS-22 currently drilling, can you tell us what is the TD that you expect to reach and where are we?
John O'Connor:  Ghana is about 15,000 feet TD Paul and it will certainly TD up my expectation is in the next 45 days. Brazil, the TD is about 18,000 feet, it is really just in the top hole [ph] section right now, it probably will be at the 10,000 feet within the next 48 hours and then we said in John Hess remarks that we expect the TD to do well in February.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital:  So that means that Ghana actually there is a possibility maybe by the end of December that you may be able to announce something?
John O'Connor: I would hope so, absolutely.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: I know it is just the early stage, you just drilled four wells in Australia, three of them have been a success, anything you can share in terms of how much we serve so far you have been able to identify there?
John O'Connor:  Obviously we are very encouraged by what we have seen in these wells Paul. It is a very, very sizeable block and we have acquired and are processing 3D seismic over the block and really it is going to be necessary to take the result of the 3D data and the drilling results from the wells integrate all of that information technically and it is probably going to be into the second quarter before we would be in a position to realistically determine what the ultimate resource will be and at the end of the day it is going to require us to drill more wells in order to confirm what the estimated resource on the block would be. We are very, very pleased at the discoveries that we have made so far.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital:  So, you think that by the second quarter of next year you may be able to come up with some pin memory estimate and then you will continue to go on some additional drilling program there to firm up on that estimate.
John O'Connor: I dont think we would talk about anything at that time Paul because there is so much dependent on subsequent drilling.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital:  How many more wells that you foresee yourself that you need to drill in order for you to come to the point you feel pretty comfortable that (inaudible)?
John OConnor: As you know, we have a remaining commitment of some 12 wells and we will start up doing programs in the middle of 2009 I think that it is more than likely that each of the wells would be required in order to give us the sort of confidence we would have in publicly discussing the results on the block. So, I guess that we will wait till the end of the program before we talk about it.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: Okay, that is fair. Maybe this is either for John or maybe it is for John Rielly, (inaudible) I know everyone is talking about that, can you tell us what may be  is there a number you can share, what is the minimum you have spend in your CapEx program that based on all the commitments that you have already in or that you are already in the middle of trying to finish the project, is there a number you can share, what is the minimum spending level?
John Rielly: No, there is no set number right now that we would share at this time going through our budget. I guess I would like to reiterate that we do have flexibility in that program. So, there is a number of discretionary projects that we have that we can potentially then defer to where  as we try to live within our means next year and we can still fund obviously all our key growth projects and all key appraisal drilling be it as it is, lets hope Brazil, Libya, Ghana that will not be a problem in the program. So, we have flexibility in it, we will adjust it to live within our means and then we will give you more information on the January conference call.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: Then the final one, on the hedge position, I just want to confirm, you said that you have locked in at $86.45?
John Rielly: $86.95.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: $86.95, thats Brent, right?
John Rielly: Yes it is.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: And I think that (inaudible) in year end will be the same as what we are seeing today with the exception then in the pricing, it is not going to be factored based on the spot price?
John Rielly: You are exactly right.
Paul Cheng  Barclays Capital: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
John Rielly: You are welcome.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman representing The Benchmark Co. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman  The Benchmark Co.: Guys, good morning. Just staying with that hedge question for a second, John I am trying to understand the cash situation, did you outlay the cash in October or will the cash be laid out in accordance with the same type of schedule you mentioned in the terms of the earnings impact?
John Rielly: Yes, exactly it is on a monthly basis. So, all we did was enter into offsetting contracts at the market so no cash was put out at that time and the cash will be paid as the contracts mature.
Mark Gilman  The Benchmark Co.: Okay graduating to the capital thing for a second, exploration is always a bit of a wild card in capital budgets and I guess I am wondering whether it is likely to bear the brunt of any reductions in 2009?
John O'Connor:  You are right in your observations but I dont think that it will necessarily be one area that would take the brunt of the cuts Mark. We are still frankly working our way through each piece of the business and as John Rielly said earlier, we want to protect the most profitable investment opportunities of which we have many and at the same time we want to have a balanced approach for the future so that we continue with an exploration program that will determine the strength of our developments and production into the future.
Mark Gilman  The Benchmark Co.: John, would I be correct in characterizing the Seminole and the Balkan as being the projects at the margin in terms of any reductions you might implement?
John O'Connor: Not necessarily, it is not quite as easy as that frankly. The Seminole basically the work is essentially complete, we will complete in the middle of 2009, so this is a development where the bulk of the investment has been made and it is a profitable project even in todays prices. So, we would obviously continue and finish off that project. Balkan we might be inclined to tweak it compared with maybe some more bullish prospectors we had at higher market prices but we will certainly continue with our program there. I think we can come up with a very attractive balanced program that will (inaudible) and will protect most of the opportunities that we have which is a robust opportunity for us.
Mark Gilman  The Benchmark Co.: John OConnor, can you comment at all about the Ames [ph] discovery and potential commerciality?
John O'Connor: We are always happy as you know Mark to have a discovery of any sort, shape or size. This is really sort of peripheral to our portfolio quite frankly and I am not sure what the plans are for the operator, for other people who might be listing in this is an offset operator who made a discovery and then the discovery extended over into the Balkan so we had equity in the North Sea and it has been an encouraging result thus far.
Mark Gilman  The Benchmark Co.: Okay. Then just one final one on the downstream side, it appears that FCC utilization rates at HOVENSA have been fairly low all year and I guess I am wondering is this an operational issue or is this a discretionary economic plan?
John O'Connor: More of it is discretionary economic Mark  but some of it is they are economics affected capacity utilization but there were also some issues in terms of maintenance there that affected it as well.
Mark Gilman  The Benchmark Co.: Okay guys, thank you.
Operator: Your final question will come from the line of Sarah Hunt representing Alpine. Please proceed.
Sarah Hunt  Alpine: Good afternoon or good morning gentlemen. I think most of my questions have been answered because I think the biggest struggle for us right now is trying to figure out what is going to happen to CapEx budgets and I am sure with the way oil prices have been swinging wildly, it is one of your issues as well, but I guess and I know that you would rather talk about some of this in January but is there some oil price that you are thinking of where things go back to what you would originally have thought about or has regardless to where the oil price goes in the short term, has the credit issues and everything else really changed your mind about the way you want to spend next year?
John Rielly: These are uncertain times and oil prices have gone down a material amount. It is prudent for us to reduce in an appropriate way our CapEx and our exploratory spend for 2009 to maintain our financial strength and flexibility while still protecting our growth options and the specifics of what that program is we will give you on the January call.
Sarah Hunt  Alpine: Okay, and I guess if you dont mind I would just follow that up with is there any concern that given what is going on in the credit markets and for governments around the world that you think that Brazil would change some of its current schemes on blocks that are already being worked on or is that something that you feel comfortable with the way government is going to treat that at the moment?
John Rielly: In talks with government officials, we have been assured that the block that we have where we have a 40% interest that the terms that the government has with us will be honored. I think some of the information that is coming out from government officials about potentially going to a different contractual set up be it production sharing agreements or otherwise have to do with the unlicensed block not the licensed block that we are in.
Sarah Hunt  Alpine: Okay, I just wanted to clarify that. Thats what I thought that I wanted to clarify.
John Rielly: Thats the way we understand it.
Sarah Hunt  Alpine: Okay.
Operator: Gentlemen, you have a follow-up question from the line of Mark Gilman representing The Benchmark Co. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman  The Benchmark Co.: John OConnor, I am going to work Western Shelf, can you indicate at this point whether the second half 09 drilling program is going to test additional prospects on the block or is it going to be focused on appraising the discoveries you have made?
John O'Connor:  No, it would be predominantly additional prospects Mark.
Mark Gilman  The Benchmark Co.: Okay. I have also just John OConnor one more, right. European gas volumes in the quarter were quite a bit soft than what we thought, is that demand oriented which I guess am skeptical of or are we seeing declines?
John O'Connor: I think it is the usual third quarter seasonality kicking in Mark. So, there is both the seasonality with respect to demand and there is also that there is heavy maintenance of turnaround activities in the North Sea.
Mark Gilman  The Benchmark Co.: Okay John, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session. Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes you presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-07-30 10:30:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson - VP of IR John Hess - Chairman and CEO John Rielly - SVP and CFO John O'Connor - President of Worldwide Exploration and Production
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Quadrum Capital Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2008 Hess Corporation's Earnings Call. My name is Katina, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for play purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to our host for today's call, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Sir, please proceed.
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Katina. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference all. Earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; John O'Connor, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments after which John Rielly will review our financial results. Net income for the second quarter of 2008 was $900 million, up from $557 million a year ago. Our results benefited from higher crude oil and natural gas selling prices, and natural gas production volumes, which more than offset the impact of weaker refining margins, compared to those in the year ago quarter. For the second quarter of 2008, exploration and production earned $1.025 billion. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 393,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 4% above the year ago period. Contributing to higher year-over-year production volumes were strong performance from the Okume Complex in Equatorial Guinea and higher natural gas production volumes from the Cromarty field in the UK North Sea, the Ujung Pangkah field in Indonesia and the Malaysia-Thailand JDA. Our full year 2008 production forecast remains 380,000 to 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. With regard to our field developments, we continue to make good progress. Production from JDA Phase 2 will commence upon completion of the buyer's 42-inch export pipeline. Upon commissioning, net volumes from the JDA are expected to increase to approximately 250 million cubic feet per day. Hess has a 50% working interest in the Malaysia-Thailand JDA. In the deep water Gulf of Mexico, development of the Shenzi field continues to move forward. The tension-leg platform haul and top sides have been installed on location. Work on the subsea facilities is ongoing. Commissioning and first production are scheduled for the first half of 2009. Hess owns a 28% working interest in the Shenzi field. In Indonesia, development of the oil leg at the Ujung Pangkah field is continuing. Construction of the offshore platforms and onshore processing facilities is on schedule and oil production is expected to commence in the first half of 2009. Hess operates Ujung Pangkah with a 75% working interest. In the Williston Basin of North Dakota, we have increased our net acreage position in the Bakken play to approximately 500,000 acres. We currently have seven rigs operating in the Bakken and we will add one additional rig in the fourth quarter. With regard to exploration, on June 5th, we announced the successful result of our Pony #2 sidetrack well on Green Canyon Block 468. Based on drilling results today, the estimated recoverable reserves from the field are approximately 200 million barrels of oil equivalent. We are currently evaluating development options for Pony, in which we own a 100% working interest. On Permit WA-390-P in the North West Shelf of Australia, we recently announced two discoveries. On June 10th, we announced that the Glencoe-1 exploration well encountered 92 feet of net gas pay. And on July 20th, we announced that the Briseis-1 exploration well encountered a 151 feet of net gas pay. Results, thus far, are very encouraging. We planned to drill two additional wells on the permit in 2008. The next well, Nimblefoot-1 will be drilled about 14 kilometers southwest of the Glencoe-1 discovery and should spud in August. Hess is a 100% interest in Permit WA-390-P.  In addition to the two remaining wells to be drilled in Australia, in the fourth quarter we expect to spud deep water wells on Block 54 in Libya, Cape Three Points in Ghana and BMS-22 in Brazil. Hess has a 100% interest in Block 54 and Cape Three Points and a 40% interest in BMS-22. Turning to marketing and refining, we reported a loss of $52 million for the second quarter of 2008. Our results were below the year ago quarter, reflecting the difficult economic headwinds we are facing in the United States. Refining margins at both our HOVENSA joint venture refinery and our Port Reading, New Jersey facility were lower than a year ago as a result of significantly lower gasoline crack spreads. Marketing earnings were lower than the year ago quarter as a result of supply costs rising faster than selling prices. Retail marketing fuel volumes on a per site basis were down 4%, while total convenient store sales were flat. In energy marketing while fuel oil volumes were slightly lower, natural gas and electricity sales volumes continued to grow year-over-year. Capital and exploratory expenditures in the first half of 2008 were $2.2 billion, of which just over $2.1 billion was related to exploration and production activities. For the full year 2008, our capital and exploratory expenditures are forecasted to be approximately $5 billion, up $600 million from our guidance in January. The increase primarily reflects our success at Central GOM Lease Sale 206 where we were the high bidder on 25 deep water blocks and the acquisition of additional leases and increased activity levels in the Bakken play in the Williston Basin of North Dakota. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly: Thanks, John. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare second quarter 2008 results to the first quarter. Net income for the second quarter of 2008 was $900 million, compared with $759 million in the first quarter. Turning to exploration and production, income from exploration and production operations in the second quarter of 2008 was $1.25 billion, compared with $824 million in the first quarter. The after-tax components of the increase are as follows. Higher selling prices increased earnings by $340 million. The impact of sales volumes reduced earnings by $27 million. Higher costs decreased income by $81 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $31 million for an overall increase in second quarter income of $201 million. Turning to marketing and refining, the results of marketing and refining operations amounted to a loss of $52 million in the second quarter of 2008, compared with income of $16 million in the first quarter. Results of refining operations amounted to income of $3 million in the second quarter of 2008, compared with a loss of $3 million in the first quarter. The corporation share of HOVENSA's results after income taxes amounted to a loss of $12 million in the second quarter, compared with a loss of $6 million in the first quarter, primarily reflecting lower margins. During the second quarter, the corporation received a distribution from HOVENSA of $25 million. Port Reading earnings were $14 million in the second quarter of 2008, compared with $2 million in the first quarter. Marketing results amounted to a loss of $40 million in the second quarter of 2008, compared with income of $32 million in the first quarter. Second quarter 2008 marketing results include seasonally lower margins and sales volumes of natural gas. Trading activities generated losses of $15 million and $13 million in the second and first quarters of 2008 respectively. Turning to corporate, net corporate expenses amounted to $33 million in the second quarter of 2008, compared with $39 million in the first quarter. Our after-tax interest expense was $40 million in the second quarter, compared with $42 million in the first quarter, principally reflecting lower average debt. Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter, including an increase of $294 million from changes in working capital, was $1.691 billion. The principal use of cash was capital expenditures of $1.156 billion. All other items amounted to an increasing cash flow of $42 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $577 million. At June 30, 2008 we had $1.479 billion of cash and cash equivalents. Our available revolving credit capacity was $2.718 billion at quarter end. Total debt was $3.945 billion at June 30, 2008 and $3.980 million at December 31, 2007. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at June 30, 2008 was 26.2%, compared with 28.9% at the end of 2007. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Doug Leggate representing Quadrum Capital. Please proceed.
Doug Leggate - Quadrum Capital: Well, thanks. Hi guys. I guess I'm a little surprised to be on first, but a couple of questions please. The tax rate John Rielly was a little, I guess, light. And I'm wondering how much of that is production effects and if you could give us some idea as to how that changes over the balance of the year, particularly with the JDA? I think you said last quarter that was like a 0% tax rate, if could you just outline that, that would be great?
John Rielly: Sure, Doug. In the second quarter, the E&P effective rate was approximately 46% and there is nothing unusual in the effective rate. What it had to do with, I think as you were inferring, it had to do with our mix of sales volumes. So while overall in the quarter we really didn't have a net under or overlift, it was the sales volumes approximated on production. Within our various assets, there are underlifts and overlifts. So in the quarter, what we were, was essentially underlifted in Libya a bit and then we were overlifted in some of the lower tax countries, and so as a result basically replacing the Libya sales volumes with other countries volumes. The tax rate was just down a little bit low. But again as we seek through the rest of the year, we expect that the balance out, and therefore we still have our guidance of 47% to 51% for effective rate for the year.
Doug Leggate - Quadrum Capital: Great. As the JDA comes on John, does skew it to the lower end of that range?
John Rielly: Well, the JDA will have a lower rate, so yes, whet that does come out, that production will help to lower our effective rate.
Doug Leggate - Quadrum Capital: Okay. Just two other real quick ones. Production cost in the US, again if you could just lay out, how much of that is oil price related in terms of severance taxes and so on as far as any other issues in there? And the final one from me is, if John Hess could give us an idea how marketing looks so far in Q3? That's it.
John Rielly: Sure. I will start on the cash cost on the production side, so just from an overall context point, we actually see our cost pretty much coming in line with as we expected and then in line with our guidance, except to your point with one category and that has to do with production taxes and severance taxes. So due to the increased sale prices, which obviously have increased our overall margins, it does drive up our severance taxes, our mineral extraction taxes in Russia. And actually from our guidance at the beginning of the year, with prices staying at this level, we could see our production cost being up in the range of a $1 just due to the production taxes and the effect on prices. So, that is having an effect. And then just from quarter-to-quarter, I know you look, I think you spoke about the US, we will always have changes as it relates to workovers, so we had additional workovers and additional maintenance in the second quarter and it's typical for us as we go into the third and fourth quarter, especially in the third quarter we have our maintenance season in the North Sea. There will be a lot more workovers and maintenance costs and that will affect unit costs at that time.
John Hess: And Doug in reference to marketing, obviously marketing margins were squeezed in the second quarter. Supply costs were rising faster than selling prices. Obviously with the over $0.50 a gallon drop in wholesale prices of gasoline and other products since the end of the second quarter, that helps the supply cost pressure and now marketing is in a more profitable position.
Doug Leggate - Quadrum Capital: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yeah. Hi, good morning, guys.
John Rielly: Good Morning
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: It just amounts to follow-up I guess. For full year guidance, we have got you coming in here somewhere above our expectations on volumes, but as Doug was just referencing also somewhere above on costs. You seem to be hinting that we should think about an extra $1 on the cost side. Is there anything to say on volumes in terms of guidance? And can you confirm perhaps the production costs will come in a bit higher? Thanks.
John Rielly: From the volume standpoint, as John has said in his remarks earlier, we do expect to be in the range of 380 to 390. We are above that for the first half of the year, but as typical for our portfolio with the maintenance season coming up our volumes will go down in the second half of the year. So, now as you are looking at costs just from volumes as it go down, I mean you can look at last year too where the second half unit costs are always above our first half with lower volumes. The fixed costs going on lower volumes that increases our unit costs. Also from a maintenance standpoint, we have the higher workovers and maintenance. So again, typically our unit costs will be higher as it relates to that in the second half of the year. Then just speaking about guidance, as I said, we actually our costs are coming in right in line, right as we expected really from the cash cross standpoint. So our group is doing a nice job on that. But as it relates to the price, obviously the severance taxes and the middle of obstruction taxes in Russia go up as the prices haven been increased. So from our guidance at the beginning of the year, yes I would say there is a $1 or so increase related to our cash costs and that's all related just to the production taxes.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I've got you. And then a very quick little additional question was the PSC factor this quarter, could you quantify that?
John Rielly: It's basically again right in line with the guidance that we talked about. We are impacted by the higher oil prices with our PSCs and will continue to be throughout the year. But I guess the important thing, as John has said, in his script earlier, we are sticking with our full year forecast of 380,000 barrels to 390,000 barrels per day. And what that is showing is there is some strong production coming out of EG. The Cromarty field is being produced throughout the summer and so we got, our portfolio is performing well and is overcoming any impacts from price on the PSCs.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Great. And just the final the one from me, on the two successes of the quarter. First, it seems like the size of Pony would suggest it won't be a standalone development, could you comment on that? And secondly, on LNG in Australia, is it right given the success, I think you said that it was beyond your expectations, is it right even so to still consider that to essentially be gas that is in an LGN queue? Thanks.
John O'Connor: Let me start with the LNG question, second. I think that it's very premature to decide how and if we would commercialize the resources, Block 390-P. Obviously, we were very pleased to have two successes out of the first two wells. We've got another two underway. As a matter of fact, the rig is pulling anchors today. It moved to the next location over the next 3 or 4 days. So we'll obviously put our heads together at the end of the four well program and see what are the options for commercializing the discoveries assuming they maybe commercialized. I would not really visualize the Asian market as having queuing for LNG. I think there were a variety of competing alternatives to move LNG into a very healthy market. And if it turns out that 390-P offers an LNG development opportunity, I would expect to be competitive into that market. In terms of Pony, obviously we would like to maximize the value created for stakeholders in the development of any resource. If Pony standalone creates more value for stakeholders than a joint development on the other side of the lease lot, then that's how we would go. But technically as we see prices and volumes and costs, it is feasible for Pony as established from the drilling to-date to be a standalone development and to be very active economically.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: When could we hope to see first oil from that, John?
John O'Connor: I wish I had a crystal ball, Paul. We are working diligently on a number of development options, as John has said, but I think that it's going to take most of the next 12 months to come up with a viable development concept.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Sure, thanks. I am sure there is a thousand witty things I could say about being called Doug but I will leave it. Thank a lot.
John O'Connor: Okay. I appreciate that.
Operator: The next quarter comes from the line of Arjun Murti representing Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. Just on the Bakken, it looks like you've meaningfully expanded your position. Can you talk at all about where production is, where you see it headed over the next few years, and just any, clearly you are optimistic about the prospects there in terms, per well recovery rates, how you see things now versus what they look like year ago, two years ago when you last gave an update in the Bakken?
John O'Connor: I think that we are obviously more confident in the commercial attractiveness of the Bakken and we have manifested that Arjun by acquiring additional acreage of the play. At this stage, and we tend to take a relatively conservative view of this, until we move to, if you will, sort of a final investment decision on a major scope of development, which will probably kick off in 2009. But at this stage, we would typically model a well as saying an average production of 250, 300 barrels a day. We think 2-P reserves have the order of 500,000 to 600,000 barrels of oil equivalent, well costs in the region of $5 million to $7 million. Significantly attractive NPB and PVI we are very, very pleased with what we are seeing. I think the major advances that we have made since perhaps the last time we spoke fully about the Bakken is in the completion technology. The use of single extended horizontal wells and then pinpoint fracturing of those wells and that had made a big difference in terms of the completion rates and sustainability we are seeing from these wells. Current rate from the Bakken is around about 8000 barrels a day oil equivalent.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That is very helpful, John. Just a follow-up on the JDA commentary, I believe you are waiting for the company buying the gas to finish pipe, their portion of it, is that expected by the end of this year or we should be are you thinking early 2009?
John O'Connor: No, thanks for your question, Arjun. But let me just give a context for everybody else who may not be quite as familiar with it. We and our partners PETRONAS are 50/50 joint venture producers of gas from Block A-18 in the Joint Development Area between Malaysia-Thailand. Then there are buyers in Thailand and Malaysia who buy the gas from us at the rate of the production facility. The buyers have laid a 170 kilometers of 42-inch pipeline to take the next tranche of gas in Thailand. They have laid that through the center of the Gulf of Thailand to another production facility at a facility called [Ortif]. From [Ortif], there is an existing line that moves to gas into the market in Thailand. The buyers have laid the line, they have dehydrated it and they pressured tested it and they are in the process of tying it into a 42 inch valve at the [Ortif] facility. This has caused them some problems. And they are struggling with it. In particular they need to get hold of a heavy lift vessels as we understand it. If that heavy lift vessel is probably going to become available in November, and so depending on the pace at which they make the tie-in of a spool that connects out line to their facility or rather their line coming from our facility to their other facility, to be precise, with depend on when it starts up. At this stage, I am looking to December, but the monsoon may impact it. And all we could go on is their advice. This is when they think they can get a lift vessel. This is when they can complete the work. Probably for modeling purposes, I would put it in at the beginning of '09.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Yeah, that's great. We've actually got it ramping up over the course of '09, so that sounds like that conservative assumption is probably still good.
John O'Connor: Yeah. The other I should obviously add with respect to that is that while it affects our production volumes and forecast, it doesn't affect us economically because the buyers have got a take-or-pay contract with us and so take-a-pay is accumulating as we speak.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Good point. If I could trouble you for one thing, you've been so helpful so far thank you. Do you have approximate spud dates for 54, Ghana and the BMS block?
John O'Connor: I am hopeful that Block 54 will be spudding earlier of the two and that's probably at the beginning of the fourth quarter. I think that Ghana is probably likely to be November.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: And Brazil?
John O'Connor: Brazil will spud, according to the operator's latest guidance to us right at the end of September. The drill ship will be used to drill at the West Polaris is actually en route and has left the construction facility in Brazil. I think it may be in Singapore right now, then they do some work there, then it moves on to Mauritius, change crews and then move on to Brazil.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's fantastic. Thank you so much, John.
John O'Connor: Sure. Welcome, Arjun.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman representing The Benchmark Company. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Good morning, guys. A couple of things, first for John O'Connor. John, Cape Three Points, is that a structure or a stratigraphic type trap?
John O'Connor: That's a good question. That's true. It's a structure.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Even though Jubilee is stratigraphic?
John O'Connor: You're trying to make me draw a comparison between the play types for an offset competitor and ours, they are not exactly the same place, Mark.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: I wouldn't do that.
John O'Connor: Okay. I thought you wouldn't. But I just gave a clue, they are not the same play.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay. On BMS-22, industry indications are that the well is going to be drilled up tip toward the crest relative to Carioca, do you concur with that?
John O'Connor: Do I concur with the location, I concur with the location because we, the operator and Petrobras have all party to selecting the location. So, yes, we are aligned in terms of choosing the location.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay. Do you have commerciality threshold in mind for 390-P in terms of resource?
John O'Connor: No. And I am careful not to get myself ahead of the drilling results, but I would say that in my experience, and I think it is borne out by other manufacturers of LNG you get benefits of scale when you have more than one train.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: So does that mean a commerciality threshold, minimum 3 to 5 Ts?
John O'Connor: I would really rather wait until we see what the market is, what the costs of the technology are and what is the optimal development. But it is sizable obviously. As industry has pushed forward with getting bigger and bigger trains to drive at better and better efficiencies then that really is the moving target and I think at the end of the day when we see what we'll have on block, we will decide what the commerciality requirement is.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay. And then just finally two quick ones for John Hess if I could. John, we see three straight quarters of double-digit trading losses, any reconsideration of the merits of this particular activity?
John Hess: No, it's a small piece of our business. It's a 10 years of profitability. The year isn't over yet, let's see where they end up at the end of the year before we declare it to be a year where it's losses. But no, it's got good risk controls, good risk managements, smart people running it and they've had 10n years of a very good profitable track record and it's a small piece of the business, so no intent to change that market.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay. And just, one final one. I noticed that HOVENSA, the SEC utilization rate down in the quarter. Is that a voluntary cut back or was there a downtime involved?
John Hess: No, the majority of that had to do with the fact that gasoline margins were so poor and it made economic sense to run the cracker at a lower rate.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay, thanks a lot guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Erik Mielke representing Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Yeah, hi. I have a couple of questions. First starting with the quarter, then getting back to exploration, and the liquids production in the quarters was somewhat better from Africa than we had expected. Was that just a full quarter of production from the expansion of the Okume Complex or whether some other gains taking place?
John O'Connor: Actually, Erik the numbers failed to do justice to Equatorial Guinea quite frankly because we also experienced a reduction in Algeria I think as a result of the operation of production sharing contract. So yes, the Africa production is up on the back of very strong performance, both from Okume Complex and from Ceiba. The matter of fact, in the quarter it's the first time the gross production exceeded $110,000 barrels a day.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: Very good, thanks. And then following up on Australia, you've had two discoveries already and the pre-drilled resource range was a very wide 2 Tcf to 15 Tcf and I gather from what you said earlier that you are not about to know that on this call. But can you give us some idea, when you think you might be able to do that after the third and fourth well, would you be able to come up with a more specific range at that point?
John O'Connor: I definitely would expect that we can narrow the range after the four wells have been drilled. There are two things at work. It's a very big block and while John has talked about the location of the next well being 13 or 14 kilometers from Glencoe, it's actually 25 kilometers from Briseis which is the current well. So, it gives you a sense of how big this block is. We will have the results for wells which will lead to extrapolate in order to get an understanding of the total resource, but, yes, the range will have narrowed. Furthermore, and more importantly, probably, in the fourth quarter we will receive processed 3D seismic over the block and that's really going to help us pin down the resource estimate because what we have seen from the first two wells which were drilled on the basis of 2D seismic is that the post-drill outcome is conforming very much to the pre-drill estimate on the basis of seismic. So this is really encouraging, which means that once we have the 3D seismic in hand at the end of the year, we'll be able to make much more accurate projections we think of the total resource on the block. So it's really towards the end of the year. Erik.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: And finally on Tubular Bells, which you didn't mention in your run through, BP yesterday on their conference call talked about a shared infrastructure for Tubular Bells and Kodiak. Any update on Tubular Bells for you?
John O'Connor: No, I mean, at the present time, BP I think are proceeding to evaluate the number of different options, one of which is to look at it in the context of the offset discovery, Kodiak. We'll have views on that, but at the current time, we are working with BP to ensure that we get the SOP on the Tubular Bells leases. Once that's been secured, then we'll proceed from there to work with them to come up with the best solution.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch: That's great. That's all from me. Thanks.
John O'Connor: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). The next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng representing Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Hi, thank you. Good Morning, guys.
John Rielly: Good Morning.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: John, any rough estimate what the 2009 capital spending in the production may look like?
John Rielly: At this time, we don't forecast what our 2009 plan is, I mean we will be going through the budget process, there is obviously, as you know, a lot of things going on with our exploration program at the end of this year. So right after our fourth quarter conference call, I mean at that call we will give guidance next year on our production and our capital spend.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay. I think this is for O'Connor. John, you talked about EG is doing about 110,000 barrel per day, I suppose that that would suggest that Okume is about in the 70,000, which was higher than what I think the original design expectations. Is the 70,000 barrel per day sustainable at all?
John O'Connor: Sorry, just repeat the last part, Paul?
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Yes, the 70,000 barrel per day, that I presume Okume is currently producing, is that sustainable?
John O'Connor: It is sustainable as a function of the number of production wells that may be drilled. Right now by comparison with well densities that are more typical in United States, Okume is relatively under-drilled, and so one can sustain the plateau for a number of years by continuing to drill.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay.
John O'Connor: And we expect to see that happen by the way.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Right. If that's the case then I'm little bit surprised you did not raise the full year production target. I understand the third quarter you are going to have the downtime from the maintenance work, but at the same time that in the fourth quarter you also have the seasonal uptick from the North Sea gas supply. So net-net, I can't see why the second half is going to be lower than the first half.
John O'Connor: Well, I am not sure.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Am I not being just very conservative or?
John O'Connor: Seasonally, Paul, the third quarter is going to be low like it has been every other year because of North Sea maintenance and then we will pick back up again in the fourth quarter. So, it may run about the same as the first two quarters, but there are a number of negatives. In the third quarter, Ceiba volumes will be reduced net to us as a result of the functioning of the production sharing contact. In the fourth quarter, I am happy to say in a way that Okume Complex will also have net reduction to us even though the gross volumes will be up because of the function of the production sharing agreement. So those are the two major impacts on us and we've said earlier that it is likely that Phase 2 of JDA which is roughly net 20,000 barrels a day to us from the point in time when it starts up will be included in this year's volumes but will be included in next year's.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: So the JDA gas (inaudible) you would expense for the second half of the year similar to the second quarter levels?
John O'Connor: Yes, exactly. And of course, second quarter is up on a comparison with what we used to call Phase 1 because there are some additional volumes which are flowing to a power plant in southern Thailand. So the old 390 number is probably running at about 475 right now at gross basis, dry gas.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Right. But you don't expect that is going to see any additional increase in the second half?
John O'Connor: No, because the buyers can't take the volume and so the markets for the gas are now getting the gas that the markets need. What we need is the pipeline to be connected by the buyers so that they can catch up with their take obligations.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: And John, is there anything you can share with us about characteristic of the Australian gas in terms of, is there any CO2 or solid gas in that? And you talked the bucket that you drilled, I mean how big is that and what kind of permeability that we are seeing?
John O'Connor: The gas samples from the second well have not been back from analysis yes, so I can't speak to that. First well was a Jurassic discovery. So working in two different horizons which will likely have two different gas properties, but in the Jurassic, there was minimal CO2, fairly typical for the Jurassic in the basin.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay. So that means that the development costs that should be pretty typical. You don't have any complication on that?
John O'Connor: Yeah, no complications, but I would not necessary say it was typical because some of the developments in the basin do have CO2 and they have to include costs to cope with that. If we have better gas with less contaminants than the competitors, then I would say the gas development costs would be typically lower.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Right. That's what I was referring to that so far that you haven't seen a high CO2 or solid gas complication as yet. And what is the size of the pre-drill target on those buckets?
John O'Connor: We have a variety of pre-drill targets and it's meaningless to talk about it in that context Paul quite frankly, but what I would say is as we have reported that the net pay thicknesses are consistent with the net pay thicknesses on the pre-drill.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Well, then let me ask you in another way. I mean by the end of the year after you finished all the four well program would that provide you sufficient information to decide whether you have enough gas or not?
John O'Connor: We hope that will be the case. We certainly hope that will be the case.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And I think that this one is for, John Hess. John in the HOVENSA I think that you guys indicated earnings are actually sequentially down but it looked like all the benchmark indicators that we track or anyone track sequentially margin is up. So, is there anything you need about HOVENSA in the second quarter that leads them to be sequentially lower in earnings?
John Hess: Yeah. You're right to ask the question. On a gross basis, margins were sequentially up, but, on a net basis, there is three factors that took it a lower versus what the benchmarks would have said. One is the timing of some ships and we are on a LIFO basis, though that's the timing issue. Two, with a $140 a barrel crude oil, fuel cost was exceptionally high and it's an island refinery, so we need crude oil as the source of our cost of fuel. And third, there were some one-off expense items that just hit us in the quarter. So there were quarterly issues that had to do with the second quarter that took it marginally down.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Right. John, when you say timing of the shipping, you said crude or product?
John Hess: Products.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Products. Okay. And finally this is for John Rielly. I think you had indicated that the unit cash operating cost now may be $15, $16 for a year, any update about the DD&A, are we still looking at 12.5 or 13.5 or that has been changed also?
John Rielly: Not, we are not changing it. I would guide you towards the high end of the range and it has to do kind of, I am following on with John O'Connor when we talked about our production earlier where we do have some PSC impacts going on, but from a gross standpoint, the EG volumes were higher than our guidance earlier in the year. So, on the EG field, there are just higher DD&A fields. The same with Cromarty, it was producing through the summer. From a portfolio standpoint, Cromarty is higher DD&A field. So just from the mix again, it's coming in as expected with our fields, but from the mix standpoint, I guide you to the high end of the range on the DD&A.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your final question will come as a follow-up from the line of Mark Gilman representing The Benchmark Company. Please proceed.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: If I could for John Rielly, the working capital liquidation you refer to John in the quarter, I guess in a rising price environment, I don't quite expect that, is that likely to reverse over the balance of the year?
John Rielly: I mean, yes. And again typically what happens with us if you look at the second quarter last year, we had an increase in our cash flow from working capital, $270 million. So again with the build up from the winter in the first quarter, and then the depletion and the receivables coming back and we usually get a pick up in the second quarter. And yes, I mean, it's very difficult to forecast where the working capital would typically reverse and then obviously in the fourth quarter, when you are building to LIFO inventory layers and things like that, you will end up having some inventory builds back up in the fourth quarter.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay. And If I could, just one final one for John O'Connor. The PSC effect, John you refer to on Okume a moment ago, is that the same as the dollar cost recovery limit effect on Ceiba or were you talking about some other feature?
John Rielly: If you don't mind, Mark I will answer that. Yeah, I mean, that's exactly what it is. It has to deal with the cost recovery if you are going to call it when the saturation point hit on cost recovery on Ceiba and Okume as well.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: So same both John?
John Rielly: Correct. Again from the PSC standpoint, they both will hit cost saturation in the second half of the year.
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay, guys. Thank you.
John Rielly: You are welcome.
John O'Connor: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. Thank for your participation in today's second quarter 2008 Hess Corporation's earnings conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jay R. Wilson - Vice President Investor Relations John B. Hess - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer John P. Rielly - Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer John J. O'Connor - President Worldwide Exploration and Production
Analysts: Doug Leggate - Citigroup Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Mark Gilman - Benchmark Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse
Operator:  Welcome to the first quarter Hess Corporation earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Jay R. Wilson:  Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.Hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in such statements. As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, John O'Conner, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production, and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  I'll now turn the call over to John Hess.
John B. Hess:  I will make a few brief comments, after which John Rielly will review our financial results. Net income for the first quarter of 2008 was $759 million. Our results benefited from higher crude oil and natural gas prices and production volumes which more than offset higher costs and weaker refining margins compared to those in the year ago quarter.  For the first quarter of 2008, Exploration and Production generated net income of $824 million. Crude oil and natural gas production averaged 391,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 2% above the same period last year. Contributing to this growth were higher crude oil production from the Okume Complex in Equatorial Guinea and natural gas production from the Ujung Pangkah Field in Indonesia. Our full year 2008 production forecast remains 380,000 to 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.  With regard to our field developments, the JDA Phase 2 project in the Gulf of Thailand, in which Hess has a 50% working interest, is on track to start up this summer, and we expect net production from the JDA to increase from approximately 120 million cubic feet per day to nearly 250 million cubic feet per day.  At the Shenzi development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, in which Hess has a 28% working interest, the tension leg platform, TLP. hull arrived at Kiewit Yard in Ingleside, Texas in February. Installation of the TLP and topsides is planned for this summer. Installation of sub sea facilities is scheduled for the second half of 2008, followed by commission and first production in the first half of 2009.  In Indonesia, commencement of oil production from our Ujung Pangkah Field, in which Hess has a [25%] working interest, is on schedule for the first half of 2009.  With regard to exploration, in March we announced the results of the Pony No. 2 well in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico in which has a 100% working interest. The well encountered the objective sands in a downdip position in the water leg. During the first week in April, we kicked off a sidetrack well which is designed to establish the location of the oilwater contact and should allow us to further refine the range of resource potential on the block. We have recently set casing and the well is currently drilling near the first objective section. Results for the well are expected to be announced during the second quarter.  Following completion of the Pony No. 2 sidetrack, we will release the Ocean Baroness rig for one well slot to another operator. At the end of the second quarter we expect to spud the first of four wells that will be drilled back-to-back on our 100% owned Block WA-390-P in the Northwest Shelf of Australia.  In the third quarter, we plan to drill a well on Block 54 offshore Libya in which we have a 100% working interest, and we also plan to participate in an exploratory well on Block BMS-22 in the Santos Basin of Brazil in which we have a 40% working interest. In the first quarter, we expect to spud our first well on our Cape Three Points Block in Ghana, in which we have a 100% working interest. Turning to Refining and Marketing, net income was $16 million in the first quarter of 2008, which was below the year ago period due to sharply lower refining margins, particularly for gasoline and residual fuel oil. Retail marketing operations continued to be negatively impacted by rising wholesale prices in the first quarter. Fuel volumes were up nearly 2% versus the year ago quarter, however convenience store sales were lower by about 2% due to weaker economic conditions.  Energy marketing was negatively impacted by milder weather in the first quarter of 2008 versus the same period last year. While fuel oil sales were down, natural gas and electricity sales continued to grow year-over-year. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly:  In my remarks today I will compare first quarter 2008 results to the fourth quarter of 2007.  Net income for the first quarter of 2008 was $759 million compared with $510 million in the fourth quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production, income from Exploration and Production operations in the first quarter 2008 was $824 million compared with $583 million in fourth quarter. Excluding the fourth quarter impairment charge of $56 million, the after-tax components of the increase are as follows: Higher selling prices increased earnings by $122 million. The impact of sales volumes improved earnings by $23 million. Lower costs, primarily exploration expenses, increased income by $42 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $2 million, for an overall increase in first quarter income of $185 million. In the first quarter of 2008, our E&P operations were overlifted compared with production, resulting in increased income in the quarter of approximately $15 million. The Exploration and Production effective income tax rate for the first quarter of 2008 was 48%, within the expected full year range of 47% to 51%.  Turning to Marketing and Refining, Marketing and Refining earnings were $16 million in the first quarter of 2008 compared with $31 million in the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter 2007 results included an after-tax gain of $24 million from liquidating LIFO inventories. Results of refining operations amounted to a loss of $3 million in the first quarter of 2008 compared with income of $27 million in the fourth quarter.  The corporation's share of HOVENSA's results after income taxes amounted to a loss of $6 million in the first quarter compared with income of $12 million in the fourth quarter, primarily reflecting lower margins. During the first quarter, the corporation received a distribution from HOVENSA of $25 million. Port Reading earnings were $2 million in the first quarter of 2008 compared with $14 million in the fourth quarter. Marketing earnings were $32 million in the first quarter of 2008 compared with $19 million in the fourth quarter. First quarter 2008 Marketing results include seasonally higher margins and sales volumes of natural gas.  Trading activities generated after-tax losses of $13 million and $15 million in the first quarter of 2008 and fourth quarter of 2007, respectively. Turning to corporate, net corporate expenses amounted to $39 million in the first quarter of 2008 compared with $59 million in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter 2007 results included an after-tax charge related to MTBE litigation of $25 million.  Our after-tax interest expense was $42 million in the first quarter compared with $45 million in the fourth quarter, principally reflecting lower average debt. Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter, including a decrease of $92 million from changes in working capital, was $1.176 billion. The principal use of cash was capital expenditures of $849 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash flow of $32 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the first quarter of $295 million. At March 31, 2008 we had $902 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our available revolving credit capacity was $2.693 billion at quarter end. Total debt was $3.960 billion at March 31, 2008, and $3.980 billion at December 31, 2007. The corporation's debt-to-capitalization ratio at March 31, 2008 was 26.9% compared with 28.9% at the end of 2007. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Doug Leggate - Citigroup.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup:   If you take the disclosure you gave on DD&A and cash operating costs, both are down quite a bit from the fourth quarter and I'm curious as to why that might be. And if you could update, John Rielly, please, the guidance for the balance of this year and perhaps similarly on the tax rate guidance for this year, which was also low end of your guidance range on the upstream.
John Rielly: There's no changes on our guidance, actually, for the unit costs or for the tax rate. Typically in the first quarter when our production's running full out and we really haven't entered the maintenance season, our unit costs are lower in the first quarter, and it's not unusual. It happened actually the last two years that our unit costs come in under our guidance range for the year. And it will build just because production will be reduced as we move into the maintenance season in the second and third quarters, and then the fixed costs get spread over lower barrels. So again, just to reiterate, our guidance for cash costs are $14 to $15 for the range, DD&A $12.50 to $13.50, for an overall range of $26.50 to $28.50, and we do see ourselves for the full year coming in that range.  Same thing on the tax side. There's nothing unusual from the tax rates. What we just have is a change in the mix of production, so if you're moving from the fourth to the first, you have a little more EG production at the 25% tax rate. And also if you remember in the fourth quarter, the JDA was shut down for Phase 2 construction so now we've got a full quarter running on JDA at the zero percent tax rate. We just happened to lower it. But again, our guidance for the year, it was 47% to 51% and we don't see any change in that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs:  In light of the sharply higher oil prices and natural gas prices, just wondering if you had any update on how you're thinking about capital spending and incremental use of free cash flow this year?
John Rielly: I hate to sound like a broken record but there's really no change, also, on our view on what we're doing with cash flow and where we see our capital expenditures at this point.  We were successful at the Gulf of Mexico lease sale. Not all the licenses have been awarded at this point, but we were excited by that. We did have a placeholder in our capital expenditure budget for that. Where we see early in the year, we don't have any change in guidance. We'll certainly update you on the second quarter conference call on where we see capital expenditures going. As far as use of our cash flow, it really is the same strategy. We're focused on our developments. We will be reinvesting in the E&P operations. That's where we look to fund it. If we have some excess cash flow during the year, what we'll do is - again, same strategy - we'll look potentially to reduce debt during the year, but I don't see it. [Inaudible] giving you guidance right now, I don't see our debt coming down and, again, the focus will be keeping the cash flow ready for our E&P operations and investing in the future. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: And given the plethora of your exploration activities and development programs, probably shouldn't be looking for a big new stock buyback program. It'll be maybe not paid on debt, but cash can build up a little bit in anticipation of future spending? 
John B. Hess: That's a fair assumption, Arjun.
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Any change to your production guidance for the year?
John B. Hess: No, the production guidance is the same, as I mentioned in my comments.
Operator: Your next question comes from Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch.
Erik Mielke - Merrill Lynch:  On the European gas market we've seen from some of your peers that reported they had very strong results in Europe. I'm just wondering if you could comment on what you saw in the quarter and how it affects the outlook for the operations that you have in that part of the world?
John Rielly: You're correct. We saw the same obviously improvement specifically in the U.K. gas market, and obviously we received the benefit of that. What you would say from an operational standpoint, I would say normally we are producing, we'll have the maintain season and we'll get the benefit of higher prices.  The only thing that would be a little different that we're looking at right now is if you remember the Cromarty field was shut in for the summer last year and with these strong U.K. gas prices we will probably look to produce Cromarty through the summer. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank:  A follow-up to Arjun's question which just for the sake of asking I'll ask, any potential for acquisitions from you over the next year or so?
John O'Connor: As is our company practice, we don't comment on acquisitions or divestments. Obviously, we're always looking to upgrade the portfolio, but right now we're focused on the organic opportunities we have before us.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: I don't think you mentioned Tubular Bells. Is there any update there?
John O'Connor: No particular update, Paul. I think that probably BP will be probably the best source of commentary both on Tubular Bells and on another discovery they recently announced in an offsetting block. So I can see some potential for joint development in that area but, as I said, better off leaving the commentary to BP, the operator.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: And can you just finally, from you, just on the rig situation at Pony. Could you just update us on where that is right now? Thanks.
John O'Connor: Yes, sure. In terms of rig usage, I think as John said in his opening remarks, on completion of the current sidetrack - and the current sidetrack should certainly be finished in the next 45 days - the rig will be released for one rig slot to an operator in the Gulf of Mexico, which is a trade to provide us with a rig in West Africa to enable us to drill a well offshore Ghana.  And on completion of that particular trade, we get the Baroness back and we'll have the potential to drill either on Pony or on another location depending on the results of the sidetrack. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: It seems that the HOVENSA FDC is running at very low levels. Can you just comment, if that's the case, what the outlook for 2Q is and any other general observations you have on the gasoline market? 
John B. Hess: With the weakness in the gasoline to optimize economics, it's better to run for yield than volume. And that's why you saw the lower rates in the first quarter. There were economic incentives to optimize the refinery that way. And in the second quarter, let's see how the second quarter turns our before we jump the gun in terms of what the predictions will be. If the gasoline market comes up, the volumes may come up some. If the gasoline market stays where it is, it's likely to assume that we're going to run for yield as opposed to volume.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Gilman - Benchmark.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: John Hess, did you say 25% interest in the Pangkah oil rim? 
John B. Hess: Seventy-five percent.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: John Rielly, did you say zero tax on the JDA? Is that a function of equity accounting?
John Rielly: No, it's not. It's just that there was a tax holiday for the first eight years of production on the JDA, and then it goes up to 10% after a number of years, and then it ultimately ends up at a 20% rate. That's just the contract.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Zero percent for eight years, and then 10% up to how much?
John Rielly: And then it goes to 20%.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: How long at 10%, John?
John Rielly: Seven years at 10%.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: John O'Connor, do you have pre-stack depth migration on BMS-22?
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: On AIOC, there's a rate of return threshold. It looks like you hit in the first quarter. Is that true?
John Rielly: Correct, and it was part of our guidance, again. So our production is 380 to 390 for the year, so our rate of return thresholds and the triggers associated with it were part of our estimate for the year, and so that 380 to 390 encompasses that. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Is the decision, John Rielly, that you've talked about vis--vis Cromarty and producing this summer linked in any way to the decision to establish some forward sales hedges on U.K. gas?
John Rielly: You could look at it that way, Mark, but what we saw was some favorable pricing there in the U.K. so we just locked in. It was only a portion, actually, of the Cromarty field production that we locked in. But again, where we see prices right now, we just see that it's a very favorable pricing regime so we will produce that through the summer.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: And it's hedged against what, NBP?
John Rielly: Yes, it is. Correct.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: And just one final one, if I could. The rationale on the lease acquisitions, John O'Connor, in the Gulf of Mexico sale recently, what were thinking, what were you shooting for?
John O'Connor: We have been doing an increasing amount of work, obviously, in the Gulf of Mexico. The result of that work is to identify a tract of exploration prospects. We had gone fairly extensively if not financially aggressively in the October lease sale, and this time we tried to combine both value and opportunity to capture at this lease sale, so it's just a combination of the consequences of a lot of work we've been doing, data we've been acquiring, increased knowledge base and looking to the future with 10-year leases to continue to maintain a solid inventory of good exploration prospectivity in the Gulf of Mexico.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark: Lower Miocene or lower tertiary focus, John?
John O'Connor: It turned out that in terms of acquisition, the acquisitions were probably more in the lower tertiary than the lower Miocene. That's probably appropriate giving the time [scale].
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: John, at the end of the first quarter from an inventory standpoint are you underlift, overlift or balanced? 
John Rielly: We are balanced right now. We came into the year balanced, and we just had a slight overlift, as I mentioned in my script. But again from your modeling it out, I would just say that we're balanced and look to model in our expected production. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: John, any [peak] drill targets you can share that relate to the BMS-22, Australia and Ghana? 
John O'Connor: Not in any meaningful way, Paul, certainly not for BMS-22 because it depends on what you ascribe to the individual well as distinct from the prospect. There's more to that than I care to go into right now nor that is helpful.  Ghana, I think, is a similar situation in that there are a number of prospects on the block and the block potential is the more material issue than the prospect to be drilled initially. And Australia, actually coincidentally and perhaps strangely, is similarly a sequence of a number of prospects which in aggregate I think we've reported as lying in the range of 5 TCF to 20 TCF on block. A very large block, but the prospects will be significantly smaller than that, Paul.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: On the BMS-22, have you and your partner operator Exxon, have you decided which well to drill yet or are you still contemplating because I presume that has more than one prospect there.
John O'Connor: There is indeed more than one prospect there, and there's more than one partner there. We have partners in both Exxon and PetroBrass. And the group has at technical meetings decided indeed on the first two wells to be drilled on the block.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: So you've already decided? And then are the two wells going to be drilled one right after the other or they're just going to have some, I think now you're saying that in the third quarter you're going to drill on the BMS22, and I think currently you assume probably within six months [inaudible]. Should we assume that the rig is going to right then move to the next prospect or that it's going to take some time? 
John O'Connor: At this stage I would assume that they're pretty much back to back. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Final question, John, on Pony No. 2 sidetrack, what are you expecting to find or hoping to find from that well?
John O'Connor: I would definitely hope to find enough data to establish the oil-water contact in the three target sample.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Is it checking on the up-dip or down-dip? 
John O'Connor: The sidetrack is up-dip. It's being drilled at about an angle of somewhere between 30 and 36 degrees from the vertical. The previous well is a straight hole vertical, and this one is being drilled up-dip.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: And how long is the TD that you're going to drill? How far you'd extend it out on the sidetrack [inaudible]? 
John O'Connor: I think it's something like 1,500 feet. I don't have that number to hand actually. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International:  Just looking at trading, second quarter in a row of a fairly sizeable net loss. Any thoughts given there with respect to derisking the book or any attribution for the net loss?
John Rielly: Basically, as you've seen, our trading activity represents a small part of our business. It's been consistently profitable on an annual basis. We basically remain comfortable with the strategy, the place it has in our portfolio. And again, from a guidance standpoint, I typically just give out about $20 million per year and that's what we'll look to try to attain from our trading activities.
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company International: Any particular reason for the loss this quarter?
John Rielly: No. It's a diverse portfolio. It's spread across the energy commodity so there's nothing in particular there.
Operator: Your last question comes from Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse.
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse:  Could you update us on what's going on in the Bakken and what your plans are there, any changes given recent views and noise and whatever in that area? And the second question's on Pony. Let's just for the moment assume that you get everything you want out of the sidetrack. You release the Ocean Baroness for another well slot. Can you then run us through in an ideal world what the next three or four steps would be at Pony?
John O'Connor: So if the results of the sidetrack are as we hope and expect, we would probably have, depending on precisely the results, so attrition to information to firm up a development scheme, whether that development scheme would be standalone or would be in conjunction with partners to the south depends on the result of the sidetrack. But in any event, by the end of the year I think we would come close to being in a position to have a [inaudible] development scenario.  So that's pretty much the way we see things going forward. We've done quite a lot of work in the subsurface in rock mechanics and fluids and process concept, selection of design, over the past year or so, so it's not as though we're starting now to move forward. A lot of that work has been done, and we're awaiting, if you will, calibration from the sidetrack well and, indeed, the data from the previously drilled straight hole Pony No. 2, Sidetrack No. 2.  On the Bakken, we currently have net 410,000 acres or so. We're still in the business of acquiring more acreage provided it makes economic sense. We have 50 operated wells in the Bakken. We expect production in 2008 to be around 8,000 barrels a day. We're running six rigs. By the end of the year we'll go up to eight, and by 2009 we'll go up to 10. Individual well rates with rates being the average of the first 30 days of production range from about 100 barrels a day to 400 barrels a day. We see some variation in the reservoir quality in an aerial sense. We're doing a lot of work to model the subsurface, to understand the geology better, and we're also continuing to do work to optimize completion practices, particularly fracing technology. 
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Is there any event or anything you might learn this year that could lead you to add another couple of rigs in '09 or is it just steady as she goes?
John O'Connor: Well, that's a very good question. To be honest with you, the limitation is more around having skilled people to operate and to act in support of the operation in North Dakota than it is anything else. Investments in North Dakota will be up significantly this year versus last year. So we are ramping up the pace, but we're trying to do it in a prudent manner.  If we are fortunate and if we found the people I think there would definitely be a push to add more drilling capacity.
Operator:
Operator: I show no further questions in the queue. 
Jay R. Wilson: We appreciate everybody's attendance on the call, and we look forward to your attendance on the next call. Thank you very much.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-01-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: John B. Hess - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer John P. Rielly - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John J. O'Connor - President, Worldwide Exploration and Production Jay R. Wilson - Vice President-Investor Relations 
Analysts: Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse. Doug Leggate - Citigroup. Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company. Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns. Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers. Kate Lucas - JP Morgan. Arjun Murthy - Goldman Sachs. Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank. Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company.   
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Hess Corporation fourth quarter 2007 earnings conference call. My name is Katena and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Jay Wilson - Vice President-Investor Relation:  Thank you Katena. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. These statements are a subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, John O'Connor, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over John Hess.
John Hess - Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you Jay. Welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I would like to highlight key achievements of 2007 and provide some guidance for 2008. John O'Connor will then discuss our exploration production business and John Rielly will review our financial results. Our company generated solid operating and financial performance in 2007. Results benefitted from higher volumes of crude oil and natural gas production and strong commodity prices, which were partially offset by higher industry costs and lower margins in marketing and refining. Corporate net income was $1.8 billion. Exploration production earned $1.8 billion and marketing and refining earned $300 million. In 2008, our company's capital and exploratory expenditures are budgeted to be $4.4 billion versus $3.9 billion in 2007. The majority of our 2008 spending will be targeted to exploration and production. This year, our exploration expenditure expenditures are expected to increase to $1.2 billion compared to $740 million in 2007. While we continue to reinvest a majority of our cash flow in exploration and production, we strengthened our financial position in 2007 with debt to capitalization improving to 28.9% compared to 31.6% at the end of 2006. With regard to operations, exploration and production achievements in 2007 included rolling crude reserves to 1.33 billion barrels of oil equivalent replacing 167% of production at an FD&A cost of about $6.20 per barrel. Lengthening our reserve life to 9.5 years marking the 5th consecutive year in which we lengthened our reserve life, increasing crude oil and natural gas production by 5% versus the prior year of 377,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day.  In 2008, we forecast a production average between 380,000 and 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In terms of our Hess operated field developments, 2007 marked the commencement of natural gas production from the Pungkah fields in Indonesia in which we have a 75% working interest as well as a significant increase in crude oil production at the Acume complex in Equatorial Guinea where our working interest is 85%. We also made significant progress in the development of the Shenzi field in the deep-water Gulf of Mexico where Hess has a 28% interest. The tension-leg platform hull recently left the Samsung yard in Korea and, along with the top sides, is scheduled to be installed this summer. First oil is expected in the first half of 2009. During 2007, we also advanced several Hess operated field development projects including Bakken shell in North Dakota, Seminole Residual Oil Zone in West Texas, and Pangkah Oil in Indonesia. In addition we sanctioned, during the past year, two field developments. The Hess operated (Jamie Morang) Natural Gas project in Indonesia and the Valhall field redevelopment in Norway. In exploration, we continue the appraisal of the Pony and Tubular Bells discoveries in the deep-water Gulf of Mexico. Results of both the Pony Number 2 and Tubular Bells Number 3 appraisal wells are expected by the end of the first quarter. Hess has a 100% interest in Pony and a 20% interest in Tubular Bells. With regard to marketing and refining, our refineries operated reliably in 2007. However, full year financial results for the Hovensa Joint-Venture refinery were impacted by the turnaround of the Coker in the second quarter of last year and lower margin environment that existed in the second half of the year. In retail marketing, fuel sales and convenience store sales continued to show annual increases, but the improvement in volumes was more than offset by lower fuel margins. Finally, our energy marketing business had a strong growth in sales and margin improvement, both in natural gas and electricity. We are pleased with the operating and financial performance that our company delivered in 2007. We are proud of our organization and excited about the investment opportunities we have to provide long-term profitable growth and create value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to John O'Connor.
John O'Connor - President, Worldwide Exploration and Production: Thank you John. Good morning everybody. The fourth quarter of 2007 production of 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day was up 7% versus the fourth quarter of 2006. This increase was underpinned by production from the recently commissioned Hess operated Okume Complex, Pangkah and Valhall Fields. 2007 was another year of strong execution and delivery for E&P. As John mentioned, in 07 our production increased by 5% and improved reserves increased by 7%. This performance resulted in year end 2007 approved reserves of 1.33 billion barrels of oil equivalent and a reserve life of 9.5 year. Approved reserve additions totalled 280 million barrels of oil equivalent before PSC related revisions. Net of these revisions, which totaled 46 million barrels, we added 234 million barrels of oil equivalent. In addition to the impact on reserves of the fields operated under PSEs, the high crude prices that prevailed in 2007 will result in reduced 2008 production entitlements from Algeria and Azerbaijan due to the achievement of contractual rate of return thresholds. In 2008, we expect production to be in the range of 380,000 to 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Obviously, depending on commodity prices, the workings of PSE contracts have the potential to impact our production volumes. As we see the year unfold, we will be better able to quantify this impact. Gross production from the Okume Complex in Ceiba fields in Equatorial Guinea recently reached 100,000 barrels per day with Okume at its design capacity of 60,000 barrels a day. At the JDA, another important milestone will occur in the second quarter of 2008, when we start Phase II gas production following the commissioning of new facilities. Net gas production from the JDA will double from about 120 million cubic feet a day to about 250 million cubic feet per day. Turning to exploration, let me first give you an update on our Pony Number 2 well. We are currently drilling below 28,000 feet with about another 500 feet to drill to the next casing point. Following the setting of the next casing string, the objective (inaudible) section will be drilled. While in 2007 our exploitation drilling efforts were directed to appraising discoveries, in 2008 we will see an active high-impact Wildcat program. In the second quarter, we will drill the first of four back-to-back exploration wells on WA390-P in the northwest shelf of Australia. In the second quarter, we will spread a well and block 54 offshore Libya in the second half of the year well spread our first well in the K3 points permit offshore Guinea and we expect that the operator fee MS22 in the San (inaudible) in offshore Brazil will spell the first of two exploratory wells. Our 2008 exploration program also includes wells in the west of Shetlands, offshore the west coast of Ireland, and in the deep-water Gulf of Mexico. We also plan to continue our appraisal drilling at Pony. 2007 was a year of significant progress for the company's E&P business. Objectives were met or exceeded, new resources were captured, and projects were delivered on schedule. Reserves and production grew in line with stated targets, cost effectively. We look forward with confidence to 2008. And, now I'll hand the call back to John Rielly.
John Rielly - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you John. Hello everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare fourth quarter 2007 results to the third quarter. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2007 was $510 million compared with $395 million in the third quarter. Turning to exploration and production, income from exploration and production operations in the fourth quarter of 2007 was $583 million compared with $414 million in the third quarter. Excluding the items affecting comparability in earnings, the after tax components of the increase are as follows. Higher selling prices increased earnings by $163 million. Increased sales volumes improved earnings by $139 million. Higher costs including exploration expenses decreased income by $129 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $19 million for an overall increase in fourth quarter adjusted income of $192 million. In the fourth quarter of 2007, our E&P operations were over-listed compared with production resulting in increased income in the quarter of approximately $15 million. As indicated in the press release, the fourth quarter results include asset impairments on two United Kingdom oil fields, which are nearing the completion of their productive lives. The impairment charge resulted from reductions in reserves and from increases in estimated operating and dismantlement costs. The pre-tax amount of the impairment charge was $112 million and is included in the line item depreciation, depletion, and amortization. The exploration and production effective income tax rate for the full year of 2007 was 50%. The E&P effective income tax rate in 2008 is expected to be in the range of 47 to 51%. Turning to marketing and refining; marketing and refining earnings were $31 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 compared with $46 million in the third quarter. Refining earnings were $27 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 compared with $25 million in the third quarter. The corporation's share of (Avenza) income after income taxes was $12 million in both the fourth and third quarters. During the fourth quarter, the corporation received a distribution from Avenza of $100 million. Poor rating earnings were $14 million in the fourth quarter of 2007, compared with $10 million in the third quarter. Marketing results were $19 million in the fourth quarter of 2007, compared with $21 million in the third quarter. Fourth quarter 2007 downstream results included an after-tax gain of $24 million from liquidating LIFO inventories. After-tax trading activities resulted in a loss of $15 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 compared with break-even results in the third quarter. Turning to corporate, net corporate expenses amounted to $59 million in the fourth quarter of 2007 compared with $28 million in the third quarter. The fourth quarter 2007 results include an after-tax charged related to MTBE litigation of $25 million. Excluding this item, net corporate expenses for the fourth quarter and year were $34 million and $125 million respectively. Net corporate expenses in 2008 are estimated to be in the range of $130 to $140 million. The pre-tax amount of the fourth quarter charge was $40 million and is included in general and administrative expenses in the income statement. After-tax interest expense was $45 million in the fourth quarter compared with $37 million in the third quarter, principally reflecting lower capitalized interests. For the full year of 2007, after-tax interest expense was $160 million. After-tax interest in 2008 is expected to be in the range of $165 million to $175 million. Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter including a decrease of $307 million from changes in working capital was $806 million. The principal use of cash was capital expenditures of $805 million. All other items amounted to an increase in cash flow of $41 million resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $42 million. At December 31st, 2007, we had $607 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our available revolving credit capacity was $2.780 billion at year end. Total debt was $3.980 billion at December 31st, 2007, and $3.772 billion at December 31st, 2006. The corporations debt-to-capitalization ratio at December 31st, 2007, was 28.9% compared with 31.6% at the end of 2006. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: Thank you. (Operators Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Mark Flannery representing Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Mark Flannery: Thank you. Good morning. I'd like to get a little bit deeper into the PSC impact expected for 2008. It feels like we've pulled the guidance down a little or at least below where consensus might otherwise be, but can you quantify how much you're expecting roughly, the PSC impact to be versus lets say what you would have expected six months ago. In others words, you must have an oil price forecast in that number I guess?
John Hess: Sure, and there are two components to that Mark. Let me go back to what John O'Connor talked about. In two of our PSC contracts, and it's only in those two countries and its in Algeria and Azerbaijan, there were rate of return thresholds in those PSC contracts. Thats what John O'Connor alluded to. If we were just going to do like for like compared to 2007 to 2008, those rate of return thresholds by themselves reduced our production entitlements by 12,000 barrels a day. So, again if you were using our 380/390 probably to your question, it would have been more in the 390 to 400 range related to that.
Mark Flannery: Right.
John Hess: Then when we're laying out our production forecast in the 380 to 390 for 2008, what we've done is used $75 crude price to come up with that production forecast and then let me just give you some sensitivity to that. For every $5 change in the crude price there, so if the crude price is higher by $5, it should impact our full year of 2008 production by about 2,000 to 3,000 barrels per day.
Mark Flannery: Right. Very fine answer, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate representing Citigroup. Please proceed.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning everybody.
John Hess: Good morning.
John OConnor: Good morning
John Rielly: Good morning.
Doug Leggate: A couple of quick ones from me. The reserve replacement number clearly is very strong. Did I hear that the planning and development cost number correct? Could you just repeat that for me, I think I missed it.
John Hess: Sure, it's about $16.20.
Doug Leggate: Okay, I thought you said $6.20. Okay, thank you. Okay, could we get a little more of a breakdown as to where the bulk of those bookings came from? And I'm curious in particular if Egypt did actually make it into the bookings at the end of the year?
John Hess: Yes Doug, Egypt did not and in terms of the source of the proved reserve adds, I think we're particularly pleased with the fact that they come from 19 or 20 fields. So, it really was an effort across the whole portfolio. So, there are new field sanctions such as Pangkah or Valhall redevelopment, but it is also subsequent subsurface work across the rest of the portfolio.
Doug Leggate: Okay, it is pretty widespread, thanks. Just two more real quick ones. I think in the last quarter call you have suggested Australia was going to spud in December and Tubular Bells was already on their way at number three. They look like they've may have been pushed back a little bit. Can you just us an update? 
John Hess: I think Tubular Bells is somewhere below 24,000 feet at the last report and logging. Obviously, for any more details of that I would prefer you go to the operator, but they have a deep spud and they've come a long way. In Australia we are working a rig slot for one of our Gulf of Mexico rigs for a rig of opportunity thats currently working offshore Australia to save on transportation and mobilization, and unfortunately it has had a mechanical problem impacting its timings. So it will now come to us, we believe, end March or early April. 
Doug Leggate:  Great, thanks. And the second one from me is, John Rielly, you normally give us some idea of production costs and DD&A expectations for the coming year. Could we maybe get some guidance for 2008? 
John Rielly:  Sure, and I'll break it up between the cash costs and DD&A. Our guidance in for next year is on the cash side; our range is $14 to $15 per barrel, and on the DD&A side it is $12.50 to $13.50. So, overall unit cost per barrel is $26.50 to $28.50 for the year. 
Doug Leggate:  And that includes SG&A and the cash costs? 
John Rielly:  Correct, it does. 
Doug Leggate :  Great stuff. Thats it. Thanks very much indeed. 
John Rielly:  Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Arjun Murthy representing Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
Arjun Murthy: Maybe to John O'Connor, I realize maybe it is a bit early, but the prospects for Tubular Bells sanctioned or not after the number three well? 
John O'Connor: I would love to able tell you Arjun, but unfortunately I cannot. I think it's got to do really with the operator and their view of developments both in the Gulf of Mexico and elsewhere in their portfolios. So, as we are the 20% owner of Tubular Bells, we're much dependent on their assessment. 
Arjun Murthy: That is great. Pony, with this appraisal, do you think you will be able to meaningfully narrow the reserve range that you've currently got out there? 
John O'Connor: Yes, I think so. Just having moved aerially on the feature results are definitely going to give us some potential for narrowing the range. I would think though more drilling will be required to really refine the range of resources. 
Arjun Murthy: Got you. And then just in Brasil, it sounded like versus maybe the year end spud date that had been talked about that there maybe some ability to accelerate that a bit. I don't know what your sense is of that actually happening closer to mid year versus year end. 
John O'Connor: Yes. I think actually recent advice that we've got would indicate that there is a higher chance I suppose of it being early in the third quarter assessing from fourth quarter. Its a new-built rig and I think its going to undergo sea trails in the second quarter or so. Following mobilization into Brazil, we're ready to go. 
Arjun Murthy: That is fantastic. Thank you. 
John O'Connor: Welcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey representing Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Paul Sankey:  Hi, good morning everyone. John O'Connor, you spoke early last year about the importance of getting a good estimate of future crude prices for targeting your developments. You just said that you're using $75 for your PSC and volume assumptions. It is safe to say that you're now using $75 as your planing assumption as well. 
John OConnor: No, not at all, a good question Paul. We obviously have to pick a number to project volumes to give us a range of outcomes for the year and happened to pick $75. So, its not unreasonable, but for economic evaluation and for project determination, we still run a full range of outcomes median premise of $60 TI. It locates at (inaudible) 40 in the script. So, we look at all three prices and then we decide based on the nature of the project, where the returns should be at any given price.
Paul Sankey:  I guess just on the volume targets despite the kind of slow patch that you've got coming up over the next year, you're still sticking with the 3% to 5% volume target going forward?
John O'Connor:  Yes, yes we are. 
Paul Sankey:  Final one from me John on Ghana, I don't think we mentioned that. Could you just update us on your best guess what happens there? Thanks.
John O'Connor: Yes. I think that again we have arranged to exchange some slot time on one of our rigs in the Gulf of Mexico for a rig in West Africa and we think that will come to us for one well in about September/October time. It difficult to pin a time accurately because it is going to come from another operator, but thats the time line we are working on Paul.
Paul Sankey: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Robert Kessler representing Simmons & Company. Please proceed.
Robert Kessler: Thank you. Good morning. Ive got somewhat of an accounting question, but looking at your marketing results, you seem to have done a little bit better than I would have thought otherwise, and that seems to have been offset by weak trading results. I know that trading is nearly volatile and tough to predict, but I'm wondering if you could provide some comments about any transfer pricing between say the refinery gate on through to retail and whether or not some sort of mark-to-market there might have affected trading and marketing in a similar fashion.
John Rielly: No, I mean, again we do all, if you want to say, intercompany movements of products that they are all done at market prices. Now, you did hear that in my comments that I mentioned we did have a LIFO gain in the quarter. So, we have liquidated some of our prior year LIFO inventories so there is a $24 million gain that predominantly is in the marketing results.
Robert Kessler: Okay. That helps. Thank you.
John Rielly: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nikki Decker representing Bear Stearns. Please proceed.
Nikki Decker: Good morning. Thank you. On Egypt, I did not see anything on West Med in you CapEx plans. Has there been any change in your plans at West Med?
John Hess: No. I don't think so. I think that we've made a lot of progress frankly. We have completed the multi-azimuth seismic survey and starting to load and process that. We're about 60% through front-end engineering at this time from KBR, who are the engineering consultancy working that up in the UK. We have completed a pipeline survey to go from the production facility onshore and we have a secured a location onshore for the gas processing plant. So, we've come a long way and we are far advanced also in terms of commercial discussions for the pricing of gas development.
Nikki Decker: Okay. Thank you. And then just switching to the Gulf of Mexico, first of all do you have an update at Bob North?
John Rielly: Bob North is in our results in the fourth quarter. It was a dry hole. There was an expense of $70 million approximately for Bob North in the fourth quarter.
Nikki Decker: Okay. And has (inaudible) spud?
John Rielly: No. It has not been supplied yet.
Nikki Decker: Okay.
John Hess: It is supposed to be imminent though.
Nikki Decker: Okay, and just on Pony. We are hearing that appraisal on Knotty Head is proceeding fully and it sounds like there are some rig constraints, difficulty in getting a rig that is suitable for the environment there. Have any of the partners sort of approached you. You obviously have a rig working. Has there been any more dialogue between you and the Knotty Head partners?
John Hess: I wouldn't say there has been no dialogue. I think I have mentioned before Nikki that we have exchanged data and we do have dialogue with them, but I think in terms of securing drilling equipment suitable for working in that environment, that is pretty challenging. I mean it is fair to say that drilling on the Pony prospect is sort of world class. I will give you some sense of this. The casing load we ran on Pony Number 1 was 1.85 million and that was a world record hook load. Deepest core ever been recovered in the Gulf of Mexico was recovered from Pony Number 1. Only two Gulf of Mexico wells have ever drilled below 33,000 feet and the current projected TD for our Pony Number 2 well is 32.5. So, I just mentioned that to give you a sense that this is not bread and butter drilling.
Nikki Decker: Sure.
John Hess: It is challenging and I think the industry is up to it obviously. The Knotty Head well went ultimately successfully. We've drilled one and getting ready to get into the objective section with number 2, but the equipment required to do this is typically tied up well in advance and securing a rig capable of operating with that sort of load to that depth is difficult.
Nikki Decker: Okay. And just one final one, at Okume Complex, are you still on target for a plateau in the third quarter of '08?
John Hess: We are, in a word, actually on plateau at Okume Complex. In other words, we have gone past the 60,000 barrels a day gross volume design capacity, but we still have some additional well capacity to tie in. So, yes, the answer is we are at plateau, but in addition we have the potential to may be produce somewhat above design dependent on de-bottlenecking some of the production facilities. 
Nikki Decker: And that upside would occur in the near term? 
John Hess: Yes. It would happen during 2008. I wouldn't make a big deal about it, but I just want to give you the impression that may be there's another 5,000 barrels a day on top of the 60 that we designed for in terms of well capacity and if we de-bottleneck the production facilities then we will be able to, but we are currently above 60,000 barrels a day gross design capacity. 
Nikki Decker: Thank you very much. 
John Hess: Sure. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman representing Benchmark Company. Please proceed. 
Mark Gilman: Hi guys. Good morning. I had a couple of things. John O' Connor could you possibly give us a more specific idea of the Shenzi and JDA contribution to the reserve bookings for year-end '07? 
John O'Connor: Ask me that again Mark. 
Mark Gilman: Well, I was looking for a more specific number regarding the impact of additions at Shenzi and JDA to the reserve adds in 07? 
John O'Connor: Okay. Through Shenzi itself on the Genghis Khan Purchase, rough order of magnitude plus or minus 20 million barrels. JDA, about the same order of magnitude and this is out of the total of 234. 
Mark Gilman: Okay. Back to the production sharing and the entitlement threshold issue. John Rielly, the 12 that you mentioned, is that a full year number? In other words were these thresholds hit in '07 or is it something you anticipate and the $75 environment will be hit in '08? 
John Rielly: No. The thresholds were hit in 2007. And so that 12,000 barrels a day is the full-year effect in 2008. 
Mark Gilman: Okay. John O'Connor, can you possibly give us an idea whether in your mind based on the company's technical work, whether your prospect on BMS-22 is or is not an extension of the Carioca feature? 
John O'Connor: I honestly don't have any insight into that Mark and I think it's best to leave it there. 
Mark Gilman: Okay. And finally just an update on the Balkan program, on production and what's anticipated from the activity standpoint in '08? 
John O'Connor: Okay. Continuing active program in the Balkan, I think we will see additional acreage being acquired. We will be adding two rigs next year and moving up to 10 the following year. Currently, production is around 5,000 barrels a day, but this is not something where you take the average well rate times the number of wells, multiply one by the other to come up with the rate. It's got to do with tying back production facilities, and it's got to with gas handling at the target gas plant. So, in a word, were very pleased with the position, like where we are and like where we are going. 
Mark Gilman: Reserves per well running 0.75 million barrels? 
John O'Connor: Yes. That's the sort of a number we are using Mark. 
Mark Gilman: Okay. Thanks very much. 
John O'Connor: Sure. 
Operator: (Operator instructions). Our next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng representing Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 
Paul Cheng: Hi. Good morning gentlemen.
John Hess: Good morning.
John OConnor: Good morning.
John Rielly: Good morning.
Paul Cheng: I think this is for John O'Connor? 
John O'Connor: John, I think last October that you mentioned Pony, you were hoping to be finished by year end and of course that probably has some delay there. Is there anything changed that you have known or that has come as a surprise? 
John O'Connor: Absolutely not Paul, but I'm glad to address the issue. In October, we expected the rig having come out of the shipyard after its five-year annual inspection to go back to work and make some progress, and point of fact, after 3 months in the yard, it came back on location and then had to take a further 2 months to resolve some mechanical issues which in many ways had been caused by the contractor during its work in the shipyard. So, we lost another couple of months there and that's really what has sort of held us back. Partially, as a consequence of some earlier problems, we also ran into lost circulation fairly severely coming up to the end of December. That put us back about 20 days probably, but we have sidetracked around that, weve overcome it, and as I said in my comments earlier, we should today or tomorrow probably, be in a position to run casing immediately above the objective section.
Paul Cheng: And you still feel confident. I think the last time you said that it's a great learning experience and you believed you have found a solution to get around the drilling difficulty and so that is still the case?
John O'Connor:  Yes. That really has not changed since we talked about that in October. What you are referring Paul was we encountered in the first half of 2007, bitumen had a shallower level than has previously being encountered by other operators in the area and we did have learning's about how to overcome that, but it took some time to do that. Yes, very important, new tools have been developed by service companies in the industry to help us and other operators drill through this bitumen.
Paul Cheng: And John, I think for the last several quarters that you guys have not talked much about your Russian operation after you purchased it. Any update there where we are in terms of production and any plan on that whether that should be considered as part of your core operation going forward, and if it is, any plan on that?
John O'Connor:  I think probably we were not asked any questions and there was nothing abnormal to report. It's performing as planned as projected, Paul. We are perfectly pleased with having it in the portfolio. We have talked in the past about it providing us with an opportunity to understand the nature of the industry in an area with significant hydrocarbon resources and of course thats the business we are in, so it is serving that purpose.
Paul Cheng: Whats the current production there?
John O'Connor:  Varies between 21,000 to 22,000 barrels a day pretty much.
Paul Cheng: Are they increasing or that is pretty much flat for you guys? 
John O'Connor:  It has the potential to go somewhat higher, but I wouldn't see it going much beyond 25,000, plus minus 25,000 barrels a day, Paul.
Paul Cheng: Okay. I have number of short questions for John Rielly. John on the year end, in the fourth quarter, you have an over lifting. At year end, is the inventory now under lifted or balanced?
John Rielly:  It's balanced right now. So, with guidance, I would say for the first quarter is just a factor in production and assume that our sales volumes would equal production. Our inventory levels are at the appropriate amount. Obviously, there can always be timing on lifts, but right now we are in a balanced position.
Paul Cheng: On the Bob North, you said that the net charge to you guys is 17 or 70?
John Rielly:  Sorry, it's is 70, seven zero.
Paul Cheng: Did you carry it or this is your share, the 30%?
John Rielly: If you remember what we have is combined between Bob North and Will K. We were exposed, the guidance we give to approximately $100 million, which does include well costs and (promote). So as related to Bob North, $70 million was expense.
Paul Cheng: So it is not like the well you said is $230 million?
John Rielly:  Correct.
Paul Cheng: Okay, a final one on the DD&A for the full year. You said 2008 is going to be about $12.5 to $13.5, 2007 is around $10 and we are looking in the fourth quarter about $11. What is the new project coming on stream that is going to be much higher in terms of the DD&A?
John Rielly:  There are many variables obviously in there and the production mix is one of it and as you know there is really not too many projects per se coming. Okume is going to be there for the full year. Obviously, that had some acquisition costs associated with it, so that has some higher DD&A, but I point you back to what John O'Connor talked about on the reserves that $45 million to $46 million of PSC related price revisions were part of our reserve adds. Obviously that impacts the DD&A on our ongoing projects, and just on the same project, we will increase the DD&A rates as it related to those individual assets so that was also part of the drive. 
Paul Cheng: John, any idea then how big is the increase related to the PSC?
John Rielly:  We would say approximately a $1.
Paul Cheng: $1?. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kate Lucas representing JP Morgan, please proceed.
Kate Lucas:  Hi. Good morning gentleman.
John Hess: Good morning.
John OConnor: Good morning.
John Rielly: Good morning.
Kate Lucas: Just a quick question thinking about the slate of upcoming exploration opportunities you have, as you look at possible developments through the next decade or so, how do you go about prioritizing how you would allocate your upstream CapEx, either regionally or type of asset or keeping diversification within your upstream portfolio?
John Hess:  Everybody is working around here Kate, trying to see who is going to answer that question. It's a most complex question. It drives a lot towards corporate strategy in addition to E&P strategy quite frankly. Often times, you don't have the luxury of picking which one you do one when, because the timing is driven by rig opportunities and expiry of areas. I think it is fair to say that we would be happy to see our OECD component of production and reserves increasing as a proportion of our total portfolio. At the same time, we have to be exposed to some of the more prolific oil and gas basins around the world, because that' where the resource is. So its partially driven, but strategically, it's partially driven by an opportunity set.
Kate Lucas:  All right. In light of the fact that you have fairly large working interests in potentially large resources, have you been approached at all about potentially taking on partners or been approached about selling down maybe some of your interest where you hold a larger working interest?
John Hess:  The properties we have very attractive. It is premature now to predispose ourselves to selling down or trading. We are happy to have the portfolio of opportunities. They need more delineation and definition and once we have them delineated and defined, then we will figure out how we prioritize them for development, and if during that time period, we can strategically reposition and strengthen the portfolio, that's something we consider, but it is not something that is imminent.
Kate Lucas : Okay. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator:  Gentleman our final question comes as a follow-up from the line of Mark Gilman representing Benchmark Company. Please proceed. 
Mark Gilman:  Thanks. John O' Connor, the production forecast for 2008. What does that assume in terms of any summer gas shut-in at Atlantic-Cromarty.
John O Connor:  Yes, well let me say this that when we put the portfolio together for the production projections for '08, one of the flexibilities we have got is the gas management strategy depending on the price for the UK gas in the summer, so at this stage, we are in more of a mind to have it shut-in than not and we will make a final decision as we see how the prices are between summer and winter in June.
Mark Gilman:  Can you quantify the potential swing on that John.
John O Connor:  Well it's probably less than 10,000 barrels a day average for the year of an impact. Its probably closer to 5% frankly.
Mark Gilman:  John Rielly, capitalized interest rocked to a negligible level in the quarter and yet, I guess, I am not aware of any particular project going into service that would be responsible for it. Could you explain what happened there and what is the assumption embedded in your 2008 interest returns forecast? 
John Rielly: Sure, what it has to do and it's not intuitive as you look at it, but the Shenzi project actually went into production because of Genghis Khan. So, when we purchased Genghis Khan, its the western extension of the Shenzi field; we now just look at that project now as the Shenzi project with some additional area extent due to the acquisition of the Genghis Khan acreage. So, when the Genghis Khan wells started production, we ceased capitalizing interest on it.
Mark Gilman:  Okay. So it's a fairly nominal amount in your 2008 interest forecast?
John Rielly:  Oh yes. Sorry I know you did ask, but yes it is a nominal amount in the year 2008 forecast as well.
Mark Gilman:  Thanks very much guys.
John Rielly: Sure. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentleman we have no further questions. Thank you. I would like to thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Good Day.

===== 2007 Q3  (2007-11-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Jay R. Wilson - VP, IR John B. Hess - Chairman and CEO J. P. Reilly - Sr. VP and CFO John J. O'Connor - EVP and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production 
Analysts:  Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns and Company Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company International John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers Mark Gilman - Benchmark   
Operator:  Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the third quarter 2007 Hess Corporation Earnings Conference Call. My name is Nicole and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the call to Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Jay R. Wilson - Vice President, Investor Relations:  Thank you Nicole, good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal Securities Laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or provided in such statements. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; John O'Connor, President Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll now turn the call over to John Hess. 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Thank you Jay and welcome to our third quarter conference call. I'll make a few brief comments after which John Rielly will review our financial results. Our company delivered solid operating performance in the third quarter of 2007. Our financial results benefited from strong crude oil prices and lower exploration expense which more than offset higher production costs and weaker refining margins compared to those in the third quarter of 2006. Exploration and production generated net income above the year ago quarter.  Third quarter 2007 crude oil and natural gas production averaged 357,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day which was slightly above production for the same period last year. In the fourth quarter we forecast production to increase to approximately 390,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day as a result of recommencement of natural gas production from the Cromarty Field in the UK, North Sea. Start of production from the Snow Wheatfield in Norway and from the Genghis Khan Field in the Gulf of Mexico. Completion of facilities work on various North Sea fields, and the Cats pipeline system, ramp up of crude oil production at the Okume Complex in equatorial Guinea which is on track to reach a net plateau rate of 40,000 barrels per day by the first quarter of 2008 and resumption of natural gas production from the Malaysia, Thailand, JDA which restarted operations on October 10th after a 50 day shut in to install facilities required for Phase II development.  For the full year 2007 we expect production to average between 375,000 and 380,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. With regard to exploration we currently have two wells drilling in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. The first is Bob North which is a micene [ph] prospect being drilled on Mississippi Canyon Block 860. Hess has a 30% interest in the prospect and we expect to reach TD during the fourth quarter. The other well is Pony Number 2 in which Hess owns a 100% interest. Operations resumed last week after being temporarily suspended. While the Ocean Baroness drilling rig completed a statutory Coast Guard ABS inspection, we expect to have results around year end.  In the fourth quarter we will participate in two additional exploration wells. In the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, the Tubular Bells number 3 well in which Hess has a 20% working interest spud on October 19th and is expected to be the final appraisal well on this discovery.  Also in December we will spud the first of four initial Wildcat wells on our 100 % owned WA390-P block in the Northwest shelf of Australia. Each of the Australia wells is expected to take about 30 to 35 days to drill. In September we contracted for the new build Stena MAX III Drill Ship for 5 years beginning in the middle of 2009. This rig will enhance our ability to execute our global deepwater exploration and development drillings programs.  Turning to marketing and refining, our financial results in the third quarter of 2007 were below those of the year ago period. While operating performance was solid across our businesses, earnings were negatively impacted by lower refining and retail gasoline margins. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly. 
J. P. Reilly - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Thanks John, hello everyone. In my remarks today I would compare third quarter 2007 results to the second quarter. Net income for the third quarter of 2007 was $395 million compared with $557 million in second quarter.  Turning to exploration and production, income from exploration and production operations in the third quarter of 2007 was $414 million compared with $505 million in the second quarter. Excluding the items affecting comparability in earnings, the after tax components of the decrease in earnings are as follows. Higher selling prices increased earnings by $64 million, lower sales volumes decreased earnings by $86 million, higher cost primarily exploration expenses decreased income by $36 million, all other items net to an increase in earnings of $15 million for an overall decrease in third quarter adjusted income of $43 million.  The exploration and production effective income tax rate for the first nine months of 2007 was 50%. In the third quarter of 2007 our E&P operations were under listed compared with production resulting in decreased income in the quarter of approximately $30 million. As indicated in the earnings release third quarter 2007 results include an out of period charge for the estimated cost of settling production imbalances at a Gulf of Mexico field and the North Sea field resulting from adjustments to meter readings. Production imbalances were determined to exist between the company fields and third party producers using common transportation and production facilities. The estimated cost of settling these production imbalances amounted to $33 million after income taxes.  Turning to marketing and refining; marketing and refining earnings were $46 million in the third quarter of 2007 compared with $122 million in the second quarter. Refining earnings were $25 million in the third quarter of 2007 compared with $87 million in the second quarter. The corporation's share of revenues income after income taxes was $12 million in the third quarter compared with $49 million in the second quarter due to lower refining margins.  During the third quarter the corporation received a distribution from a vendor of $75 million. Poor rating earnings were $10 million in the third quarter of 2007 compared with $35 million in the second quarter. Marketing results were $21 million in the third quarter of 2007 compared with breakeven results in the second quarter. After tax trading income was breakeven in the third quarter of 2007 compared with income of $35 million in the second quarter.  Turning to corporate and interest, net corporate expenses amounted to $28 million in the third quarter of 2007 compared with $32 million in the second quarter. After tax interest expense was $37 million in the third quarter compared with $38 million in the second quarter. After tax interest for the full year is currently anticipated to be in the range of $160 million to $165 million.  Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter including a decrease of $41 million from changes in working capital was $863 million. The principle use of cash was capital expenditures of $735 million. All other items amounted to a decrease in cash flow of $45 million resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $83 million.  At September 30, 2007 we had $565 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our available revolving credit capacity was $2.618 billion at quarter end. Total debt was $3.985 billion at September 30, 2007 and $3.772 billion at December 31, 2006. The corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at September 30, 2007 was 29.5% compared with 31.6% at the end of 2006. This concludes my remarks we'll be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.  Question And Answer 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes from the line of Ms. Nikki Decker with Bear, Stearns. Please proceed. 
Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns and Company:  Yes, good morning. 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Good morning. 
Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns and Company:  I think I would like to start with your Gulf of Mexico program, you've made some comments in the past indicating that you would be a participant in the lease sales that occurred in the last quarter, maybe you could bring us up to date on the results there. 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Yes. We did bid on prospects that we identified as being attractive to us in the Central Gulf lease sales Nikki. We were pleased with the blocks that were awarded and I don't know if there is anything more I can add to that. 
Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns and Company:  Well perhaps may be you could talk about now that you've got your positions secure maybe what further activity you plan at Jack Hayes [ph]? 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Jack Hayes remains a tight hold. We are obviously doing further amount of work in the Western Gulf of Mexico. The Western Gulf lease sale was quite an active lease sale and more work will be dependent on the context of the rest of our work program in the Gulf of Mexico obviously. 
Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns and Company:  John when you talk about your participation in lease sales were you active in both or just the western sale? 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  We were active just in the Central Gulf sale. We did screen through all of the opportunities that were available in the Western Gulf sale but we did not identify any prospects that really met our threshold for bidding. 
Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns and Company:  Okay,one more from me. You did not mention Wilke [ph] in your formal remarks, what's the status there? 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  We expect that the operator BP will secure a rig and will spud the well this quarter. 
Nicole Decker - Bear Stearns and Company:  Great, thank you. 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Okay. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America:  Hi, good morning everybody. 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Good morning. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America:  Guys you've reduced debt-to-cap over the course of this quarter and obviously we've got the oil price running quite ahead of expectations in Q4 to date keeping in mind also you've got a high leverage to light sweet crude prices. We know that in the past you've talked about growth as a focus of your fewer reinvestments, if we were to continue with this kind of price environment would you, how... could you talk a little bit about how you would spend the excess cash flow that would be implied in 2008, thanks? 
J. P. Reilly - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Good question Paul, it is a little premature to make those sorts of estimates on where prices might be so with that as sort of a guideline we continue to put the priority on investing our cash flow to grow our reserves in a financially disciplined and sustainable manner. Majority of our cash goes to that. Obviously these higher prices are giving us little extra cash and they are improving our debt-to-cap as well, but I think it would be premature to say that there would be a strong call on that cash for other purposes outside of the organic growth program that we have given that we're still finalizing our budget for next year and it remains to be seen where these crude prices end up. So, right now we're happy to have a little bit more liquidity, a little bit more cash on the balance sheet, a little stronger debt-to-cap ratio but at the same time the majority of our cash flow is still being dedicated to our E&P program through our reserves. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America:  But I guess the evidence here, John is that, you would be working for us to paying down debt as kind of excess cash flow destination? 
J. P. Reilly - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  It is certainly continuing to improve our balance sheet, to improve our investment grade rating is top priority for the company but it definitely comes as a second one to the growth in our reserve. So our priority is still the growth in reserves. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America:  Okay, that's great and if I can just have a follow up, could you talk a little bit about your outlook for the UK gas market and your exposure to that, its nice to believe you've got Cromarty you mentioned in your comments coming back on, just any observations you have got would be interesting and I'll leave it there, thank you? 
J. P. Reilly - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Well right now, obviously there has been a very strong rebound in UK gas prices in part to some signs of winter coming and just the supply and demand fundamentals going into the winter. We're very happy that Cromarty is back on getting the current spot price which is in the 50-P range and we're very happy about that. Where the market goes for the winter will depend very much on the weather and right now its very economic for us to produce that gas if prices were to go down to the low levels of last year we certainly would consider shutting the gas in again. So how long we produce Cromarty will very much dependent on the market conditions that we're presented with. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank North America:  Thank you. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from line of Robert Kessler from Simmons & Co. Please proceed. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company International:  Good morning, it seems that EOG has raised the degree of attention paid to the Balkan Shale recently, I don't think you're at the... you have got a direct interest in the Balkan [ph] field but you do of course have a substantial degree of acreage up there, can you comment about, what sorts of initial production rates you have seen of late and what your expectations are for that program going forward? 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Robert we like to think that we're one of the first movers in the Balkan quite frankly as being one of the bigger and longer present operators. Just to recap for others that may not be familiar, we have net interest in about 320,000 acres covering the Balkan play. We currently have some 36 wells on production with three more completed and are waiting tie-in so we will end the year with some 40 wells. We're currently running 6 rigs and we would expect in time to see that number move to 8 and then to 10 in a controlled and effective manner. The issue of initial production rates is somewhat complex one because different operators describe that differently. We tend to discuss an average 30 day rate as being the IP for the wells as they do vary from 300 barrels a day to in excess of a 1000 barrels a day. Currently the average for all our wells on production is some 300 barrels a day of 43 to 44 API crude. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company International:  Thank you for that. How might you describe the longer term production profile decline rates after the initial first 30 days? 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  In aggregate we see significant continuing production over time and we see an extended life for Balkan production net to us. After 30 days the well is pretty much stabilized and I think continue at that rate without significant deterioration after the initial period. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons and Company International:  Thank you very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Great. Got a couple of quick ones, In Australia how long will the well take to reach TD? 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  John we think obviously being the first well that we will operate offshore Australia, we don't have a very good data base but the well is planned of course for 35 days from spud to TD. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Great, thanks John. With Genghis, what's the current rate and what's the ramp on Genghis for you? 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Well currently we are completing the second well on Genghis. It is just one well on production right now and in terms of the performance of the well or wells I would thank you John to leave it to DHP, the operator to comment on that although they are not commenting in advance on that. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Okay and next one from me is on Pony. Have you drilled that to plugs yet, where are you in terms of restarting? 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  We have not, we have pulled the storm packer but we've not filled the plugs out yet. So I am still confident that we will see TD in this well by year end but the intermediate steps are a little less clear. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Okay. Regarding the Central Gulf of Mexico sales, you guys kind of got out did on a lot of things, are you seeking into partners since you had a lot of other competitors interested in same place? 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  There is a degree of knowledge that is compatible with other people who have secured blocks that we were interested in and it would be surprising if we didn't have conversations with respect to sharing both knowledge and equity in some of the prospects. So yes, I think that... those discussions will be ongoing John. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Okay, last one for me is on marketing. Any sign where the prices are running back up on gasoline and that demand is waning at all? 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  No, both outside for gasoline and inside for the sea stores were pretty consistent even at this time of our same store sales being up 2% year versus year. And as you know John and people on the call, while crude prices have gone up quite a bit, gasoline is actually down since April so the retail price is not seeing the full impact of the crude price as of yet. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch:  Great, thanks very much. 
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng from Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  Hi, good morning gentlemen. I have several quick ones. This is for John Reilly. John you mentioned that in the third quarter you have a $30 million under listed position, is that's for the third quarter, as of the end of September are you underneath or are you overleaf of the balance. 
J. P. Reilly - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  So for the quarter correct, we under listed production, just under 1.4 million barrels in the third quarter. The top three countries that were under listed were Norway, EG and Gabon. For the full year we're actually, if you are asking for a year-to-date through September 30, we're actually under listed in the 3 million barrels range. Now this doesn't mean that our inventory position is out of line, we just came in to the year with lower inventory balances at that point and so we've just been in under listed production in the normal course and just in general for guidance for the fourth quarter we don't see any significant over lift or under lift right now. So, based on as John said earlier, 390,000 barrels per day production we see as coming in with sales volumes around that number in the fourth quarter. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  Okay, and John what is the mid-term adjustment, is it related to the periods earlier this year or your prior years. 
J. P. Reilly - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer:  Predominantly for prior years actually, just a small piece in 2007. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  Okay, and this for John O'Connor, John. I think in the second quarter conference call at the time of the fourth quarter production guidance you said in excess of 400 and I think when now that we're talking about 390 is there any feel that have come up lower than expected or the recovery has been little bit higher than expected? 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  No, I don't think so Paul. I think that probably the major impact is that the work of the JDA, the 50 day shut down while the bulk of the work plans to be completed then was completed effectively, there is another 20 day shut down in the JDA for final tie ins that will occur in December and that is something that was not forecast at the point in time that you mentioned that really is the impact. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  So, and I thought an update in December. 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  Another 20 days in December that's correct. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  And given that 20 days that means the JDA that was shut in totally or was just partially shut. 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  No, totally shut in. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  Total shut in okay, John and the I know it must be early, any tie off during program that you can share with us for next year on the exploration front I mean how many Wildcat wells that you're going to drill or what kind of expense or capital that you may spend? 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  I would love to share that with you Paul but my staff would kill me because they are still working this up. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  Okay, so I presume that we don't have anything onto CapEx for 2008 at this point its too early right? 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  It's too early Paul. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  Okay, final one for the Balkan Shale, how many doable prospects there you still have? 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  Oh! Man I mean. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  What is the inventory, are we talking about for the next 5 years that you will continue drilling, how many wells are you going to drill a year. 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  Yes I see the annual drilling rate ramping up over the next five years Paul. As I mentioned earlier we're currently running six rigs. We see the program going to tend probably in a controlled manner by around the end of 2009 or 2010, so there is absolutely no shortage of drilling locations, we'll be very busy in the Balkan for the foreseeable future. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  And when we look at Balkan that, I mean if you do the simple math it seems to me, right now its about 10,000 barrel per day of production to you guys and when we look at by 2010, 2012 when we get to a 10 rig program what kind of sustainable production that we may be talking about? 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  First of all Paul, currently the, net production to offset the Balkan is more in the order of 4500 barrels a day and of course increasing. We are approaching this as I said earlier, in sort of a disciplined controlled manner and forward projections of the total program really won't be available in a sense of the manner until about this time next year. So we are still determining optimum technologies for drilling and completion, we're identifying sweet spots in the play as a whole so a lot of moving parts still. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  John, you are saying that you are spoiling the 500 barrel per day in net so that suggest that your average interest is roughly above 50%? 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  Well, it varies all over the place Paul. I mean in some locations it is higher than 90% and in other it's just more like 50%. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  Okay, very good, thank you. 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  Okay, welcome. 
Operator:  [Operator Instructions]. Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark. Please proceed. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark:  Hi guys, good morning. A couple of things if I could please. John O'Connor, do you have any guesstimate as to when the step down in the profits split on ACG is going to hit you, is it around the middle of next year, plus or minus? 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  Mark, really what's happening with the step down on ACG and in fact we say step down what the PSC has is rate of return type triggers on a profitable oil split and there is actually two triggers that will happen. But really we've got to leave that to BP. They are the operator, they will be working with... on that trigger and again anything we give you as far as our production guidance we give in 2008 would encompass that and again should that trigger happen in 2008. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark:  Okay, thanks John. Secondly it seems that there has been some positive results from recent Fulhorm [ph] drilling activity suggesting there maybe some upside to previous estimates in the field. John O'Connor any comment on that? 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  No comment Mark. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark:  Okay I will try for strike three, John. Has there been any success or attempt to renegotiate the pricing provisions of the West Med gas contract. 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  There is a lot of activity associated with the West Med ownership. We're currently shooting the multi-azimuth seismic. The operating company in Nalpepto [ph] has been established. The contract for a front end engineering design has been awarded and the project engineering design work has commenced as the contractors UK offices. The pipeline of this survey offshore is very near completion, the location for the gas plant has been essentially agreed with the authorities so a lot of progress there Mark and we think that combination of firm, cost estimates together with commodity pricing understandings will come together in the first quarter next year. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark:  Okay, I'll call that foul ball which means I get one more. 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  Oh well. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark:  When you acquired the interest in Genghis Khan, I think that at least in part it was motivated by drainage related concerns and issues re-Shenzi, how should we look at the profile of Genghis Khan versus the previously indicated plateau rate of 100,000 gross at Shenzi? 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  Very good question. I would say just to add a little bit texture to your observation about why the acquisition of Genghis and I think it was first and foremost a clear profit opportunity at the point in time equity interest became available to the Shenzi partners. Secondly, there were a lot of synergies in terms of full understanding of that reservoir management issues once you control the whole feature. And thirdly, there was significant opportunity for cost reductions through elimination of redundant wells both potential injectors and producers so there was an ability to optimize, take points on the feature, have a better understanding of the sub surface together with the profits opportunity, all three of which still remain valid today.  In terms of the impact on the plateau, I really don't know the answer to that to be honest with you but I would think that if the sub surface performs as we expect it to perform then we really have two production facilities on the same feature. So we have the design capability for the TLP elements of which will be installed through 2008 together with the ability to process the Western flank if I could call it that to the Marco Polo facility. So I think we would look at it stage as being additive. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers:  Thanks John. 
John J. O'Connor - Executive Vice President and President of Worldwide Exploration & Production:  Okay. 
Operator:  And I show no further questions at this time. 
John B. Hess - Chairman and Chief Executive Officer:  Well, thank you very much for attending our call and we look forward to having you on our January call, have a good day. 
Operator:  Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2007 Q2  (2007-07-25 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jay Wilson - VP-IR   John Hess - Chairman & CEO   John Rielly - SVP & CFO   John O'Connor - President Worldwide E&P 
Analysts: Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company   Doug Leggate - Citigroup   Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs   Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank   John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch   Nickie Decker - Bear, Stearns & Co.   Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company   Dan Barcelo - Banc of America Securities   Ron Oster - A.G. Edwards   Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Hess Corporation 2007 second-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Letitia (ph) and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference (Operator Instructions).  As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. At this time, I will turn the presentation over to Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. 
Jay Wilson - Hess Corporation: Thank you, Letitia. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our second-quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website, www.hess.com.  Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements.  With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, John O'Connor, President Worldwide Exploration and Production, John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess. 
John Hess: Thank you, Jay. Welcome to our second-quarter conference call. I will make a few brief comments, after which John Rielly will review our financial results.  Our company delivered its strong operating and financial performance in the second quarter of 2007. Exploration & Production achieved solid financial results that were above the year-ago quarter, resulting from higher crude oil selling prices and sales volumes, a lower effective tax rate, partially offset by higher production costs.  Second quarter 2007 crude oil and natural gas production averaged 378,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was 7% above the year-ago period. Higher-than-forecast production volumes in the second quarter were result of earlier-than-anticipated payout of a carried interest at the ACG field in Azerbaijan, strong field performance at Okume Complex in Equatorial Guinea, and higher-than-anticipated nominations at the Malaysia-Thailand JDA, as well as deferral into the third quarter of planned maintenance at the Beryl Field in the United Kingdom.  Our full-year 2007 production forecast remains 370,000 to 380,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. With regard to our field developments we continue to make good progress. The Okume Complex, where we operate with an 85% working interest, has been experiencing strong reservoir performance and well deliverability and high facilities up time. The fields are currently producing net 30,000 barrels per day and are expected to reach net 40,000 barrels per day by year end.  Combined with strong production performance from the Ceiba Field, Hess is currently operating on a gross basis nearly 80,000 barrels per day in Equatorial Guinea and we expect gross production to exceed 100,000 barrels per day by year end. In April, production commenced from the Pangkah Field in Indonesia, where Hess operates with a 75% working interest. The field is currently producing net 40 million cubic feet per day from two wells. In late June, an electrical fire occurred in a storage area on the Tender Assisted Drilling Rig barge at Pangkah that required it to go into the yards for repair. We expect to resume drilling in late August and net gas production is expected to reach 60 million cubic feet per day before the end of the year.  In the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico, first production from Genghis Khan, which is the western extension of Shenzi Field, is anticipated in the fourth quarter. Development of the main portion of the Shenzi Field is progressing well and production is expected to commence in mid-2009. Hess owns a 28% working interest in the Shenzi Field.  During the second quarter, we acquired an additional 100,000 acres in the Bakken Play in North Dakota. This acquisition brought our net acreage position to 325,000 acres. We currently have four rigs operating in the Bakken and will add two additional rigs in the fourth quarter.  With regard to exploration, as previously announced, drilling at our Pony No. 2 well in the Deepwater Gulf of Mexico has been temporarily suspended while the Ocean Baroness drilling rig completes a statutory Coast Guard ABS inspection. The well has been drilled and cased to 23,000 feet and has a TD of 32,500 feet. We expect to resume drilling in late September. Hess owns a 100% working interest in the Pony discovery.  At the Tubular Bells discovery in Mississippi Canyon, in which has as a 20% interest, a second appraisal well is expected to spud toward the end of the third quarter.  We recently acquired interest in two Gulf of Mexico exploration prospects. The first is a Chevron operated prospect called Bob North, in which Hess has acquired a 30% interest. It is a five-block unit in the Mississippi Canyon area, located to the southeast of Tubular Bells. Bob North is a Lower Miocene prospect with a TD of 30,000 feet and a water depth of 5600 feet. The well recently spud and is expected to take four to five months to drill.  The second prospect is a BP operated deep shelf test called Will K located on High Island Block A119. The well is a Wilcox/Paleogene test and will be drilled to a total depth of 20,000 -- 27,000 feet. The well is expected to spud in September and take approximately 10 months to drill. Hess will participate with a 10% working interest.  Later this year, we will acquire 3-D seismic data on our WA-390-P Block in the Carnarvon Basin offshore Western Australia and will commence drilling four initial wells beginning late in the fourth quarter. Average water depths here are about 3700 feet and well depths are between 11,000 and 15,000 feet. Hess has a 100% interest in the block.  Marketing & Refining financial results for the second quarter 2007 were strong, matching the year-ago quarter. During the second quarter, HOVENSA completed its first turnaround of its delayed coking unit. This turnaround was completed in 30 days, an outstanding performance. HOVENSA's margins were up compared to the same period last year, however our results were negatively impacted by the expensing of turnaround costs in the quarter.  In Marketing, while our financial results were breakeven, our retail and energy marketing businesses benefited from higher sales volumes versus the year-ago period. Also, our trading results were substantially above the same period last year.  Capital and exploratory expenditures in the first half of 2007 were just under $2.2 billion, of which about $2.1 billion was related to Exploration and Production activities. For 2007, our capital and exploratory expenditures are forecast to be approximately $4.2 billion, up $200 million dollars from our guidance in January. The increase reflects the acquisition of the Bakken acreage in the Williston Basin, the Australia seismic and drilling programs, and the addition of the Bob North and Will K exploration wells in the Gulf of Mexico.  I will now turn the call over to John Rielly. 
John Rielly: Thanks, John. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare second-quarter 2007 results to the first quarter.  Net income for the second quarter of 2007 was $557 million, compared with $370 million in the first quarter. Turning to Exploration and Production, income from Exploration and Production operations in the second quarter of 2007 was $505 million, including a gain of $15 million from the sale of our remaining interest in the Scott and Telford Fields, compared with $340 million in the first quarter.  Excluding the gain on sale, the after-tax components of the increase in earnings are as follows, higher selling prices increased earnings by $138 million; higher sales volumes increased earnings by $64 million; total E&P costs and expenses decreased income by $44 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $8 million for an overall increase in second-quarter adjusted income of $150 million.  The Exploration & Production effective income tax rate for the first half of 2007 was 49%, below our earlier estimates. The lower effective rate reflects the mix of earnings, including increased income in Equatorial Guinea and Azerbaijan, which is taxed at a lower rate than the overall E&P average. The E&P effective income tax rate for the full year of 2007 is expected to be in a range of 50 to 54%.  Turning to Marketing & Refining, Marketing & Refining earnings were $122 million in the second quarter of 2007, compared with $101 million in the first quarter. Refining earnings were $87 million in the second quarter of 2007, compared with $54 million in the first quarter. The Corporation's share of HOVENSA's income after income taxes was $49 million in the second quarter, compared with $35 million in the first quarter, primarily due to higher refining margins, offset by lower throughput.  In the second quarter, the coker at HOVENSA was down for approximately 30 days for its first turnaround since commencement of operations in 2002. Certain related processing units were also included in the turnaround. The expensing of the turnaround costs reduced Marketing & Refining net income by approximately $24 million. In addition, we estimate that the opportunity cost related to the turnaround was $26 million. During the second quarter, the Corporation received a distribution from HOVENSA of $75 million.  Port Reading earnings increased to $35 million in the second quarter of 2007, compared with $17 million in the first quarter. Marketing results were breakeven in the second quarter of 2007, compared with $43 million in the first quarter, principally reflecting lower energy marketing margins and sales volumes. After-tax trading income amounted to $35 million in the second quarter 2007, compared with $4 million in the first quarter.  Turning to corporate, net corporate expenses amounted to $32 million in the second quarter of 2007, compared with $31 million in the first quarter. Net corporate expenses for the year 2007 are expected to be in the range of $115 million to $125 million.  After-tax interest expense was $38 million in the second quarter, compared with $40 million in the first quarter. After-tax interest in 2007 is expected to be in the range of $160 million to $170 million.  Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter, including an increase of $274 million from changes in working capital, was $1.199 billion. Proceeds from the sale of the Scott and Telford Fields were $93 million.  The principal use of cash was capital expenditures of $932 million. Repayments of debt amounted to $150 million. All other items amounted to an increase in cash flow of $23 million, resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $233 million.  At June 30, 2007, we had $482 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our available revolving credit capacity was $2.537 billion at quarter end. Total debt was $3.991 billion at June 30, 2007 and $3.772 billion at December 31, 2006.  The Corporation has long-term debt maturities of $1 million during the remainder of 2007 and $28 million in 2008. The Corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at June 30, 2007 was 30.5%, compared with 31.6% at the end of 2006.  This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Robert Kessler representing Simmons & Co. Please proceed. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Good morning. I am curious with the upcoming lease sale in the Western Gulf next month whether or not you'll be adding to your acreage covering the Paleogene. 
John OConnor: Robert, good morning. We look upon the Gulf of Mexico as a core exploration area. We've worked these lease sales very diligently and quite aggressively. Whether or not we'll actually acquire any prospects, of course, is subject to market forces, but we will be prepared. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: I also recognize, of course, Jack Hays is a tight hole and you probably do not want to release any more information, at least until beyond that least sale, but any thoughts as to when we might get another datapoint on the Paleogene prospects for Hess? 
John OConnor: Not realistically. I think what we need to do is get ourselves through the Western Gulf lease sale and see where we stand after that. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Fair enough, thank you. 
John OConnor: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: From the line of Citigroup with the next question we have Doug Leggate. Please proceed. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning, guys. A couple things from me. Actually, first one for John Rielly. John, I was not aware there was any major maturities due this year. Can explain the decision to pay down debt and should we expect that to continue going forward? 
John Rielly: Doug, there isn't any maturities. What we have is a revolving credit facility and it is just a matter of our cash position and whether we're paying down the revolving credit facility. So it is just liquidity management and managing our revolving facility. So I would always look at it as more from a net debt type standpoint, our cash and our debt figure. So there is not any plans for major debt to be paid down during the year. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: The share count continues to kind of nudge up a little bit over time. Is there any plans to perhaps try to keep the stock down, maybe canceling out some of the options? 
John Hess: Doug, as you know, our first, second, and third priority is to use our free cash flow to grow our reserves in a sustainable and financially-disciplined manner. That continues to be the priority. Watching the balance sheet, keeping our flexibility is also important, as John just mentioned.  Right now, those two purposes, the first one being talked about, being the growth in reserves, is a priority for the Company, so while current returns to the shareholders, both in terms of stock repurchases and then dividend increases, are important. Right now, the priority for the cash is to grow reserves. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Great, thanks. Just one final one. It is actually on the production numbers, maybe one for John O'Connor. I guess the Africa numbers, I think, is explained by Okume, but can you explain a little about what is going on in Asia, maybe go into a little bit more detail on the ACG issue that you mentioned in your remarks? 
John OConnor: I think actually John covered it in the remarks, Doug, but basically ACG, as you know, is contained within the Asia Row and there are two things going on there. ACG continues to ramp up in production, so that second quarter versus year ago is up by 4000 barrels a day. And in addition, as I think John mentioned, the carry of Devon payout occurred at the end of the first quarter and so we see the net impact of that in the second. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks, John. 
John OConnor: Sure. 
Operator: And representing Goldman Sachs the next question comes from Arjun Murti. Please proceed. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Two, probably easy ones. Can you remind me what the production from the Genghis Khan, the two wells, are when that comes on in the fourth quarter? What is the Shenzi full-field production looking like? 
John OConnor: Tricky. First of all, let me address Genghis Khan. We've had some delays actually in the drilling program there, because of a loss to downhole and the need to sidetrack the well. Then the rig has to leave the field because of MMS constraints during hurricane season. So my guess is that there probably will only be one well completed by year-end, Arjun. And I think the net rate to us we're looking at is gross 5000 barrels a day average for the fourth quarter, net to us 1000 barrels a day. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Will there be a second well there, John? 
John OConnor: Yes, there will be. The development of the western flank of, if you will, Greater Shenzi, which Genghis Khan previously was, causes some confusion. The development plan for that area comprises six producing wells, Arjun. They will be drilled over time.  As to Shenzi itself, the good news there is the fabrication is going ahead full steam. Matter-of-fact, there will be a lot of activity in the field in the June/July period next year, as a lot of installations are contracted for that period. Things are looking very positive as far production start up in Q2 '09. I think we will wait and see what experience we gain from the Genghis Khan production before we updated our production forecast for Shenzi as a whole. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Okay, and then just a last one on the JDA. I think you mentioned higher nominations in 2Q. Was that stronger demand or any other specific reason? How should we think about that going forward? 
John OConnor: Yes, good question. The answer is 
John Hess: We have some downtime in 3Q, I think, if I am remembering correctly. 
John OConnor: Let me address the whole thing on the JDA. Certainly, I think that the market in Malaysia as you know, the first phase of 390 million cubic feet a day DCQ is committed to the Malaysian market. For a variety of reasons, in the second quarter I think alternate suppliers did not meet the call for gas, and they asked the JDA to meet that gap. So were as the DCQ was 390, much of the time we were running at about 440 million. I have to say that the facilities responded magnificently and were able to meet the call from the market, but it is market driven.  The second thing that is going on and impacts, frankly, on the fact that Q2 production volumes were higher, in a way, than we had forecast earlier is that the shutdown has been moved out of late second quarter into the back end of August and will now be down for 50 days, the JDA, while both brownfield and greenfield tie-ins are made to the facilities there. So we will see an impact in third quarter, as we anticipated, but it'll also spread over a little later than that. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: John, I apologize, one more. Can we think of the 440 as an over-lift versus the 390 million, or is it truly sort of a benefits, one-time or not, but that you get to keep, quote un-quote. 
John OConnor: Well, actually, I think the best way to look at it is the market is taking the underlift from prior periods, so there was an underlift and as a point of fact, there was take or pay. So they paid, now they are taking I think is the best way to describe it. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thats really helpful. Thank you very much. 
John OConnor: Sure. 
Operator: With Deutsche Bank you have a question from the lien of Paul Sankey. Please proceed. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: It is a question for John O'Connor, I think, but also related to the comments John Hess made about the aim of increasing reserves over time. You seem to be able to find opportunities somewhat unusually against your competition. Could you talk a little bit about the planning assumption that you're using in terms of oil price assumptions and so on in order to find these opportunities? 
John OConnor: Well, I think there is more than just simply the oil price involved in reserves projection and reserves recognition, Paul, but it would not be far adrift to say that you're call on crude prices, as recently updated, is roughly in line with the way we looked the crude price market, i.e. a $60 TI nominal. To an extent, that probably guides forward strategy in terms of capture resources. For investment decisions, however, we test everything down to $40 and it has to -- projects have to make better than cost of capital at the $40 hurdle.  So strategically, we're looking at a world that reflects your sort world, where want to capture opportunities and we think that $60 is good for that. Primarily, as you know, when you're capturing expiration acreage, this is really option value in any event. So we think it is working for us and it has worked for us. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Would you test on the upside as well? 
John OConnor: Not really. If we're looking at cash flow management, we will probably look at the strip on a short-term basis, but we do not use an upside for projects or for acquisitions. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Great. Thanks, John. And a follow-up, if I could ask a personal question, could you talk a bit about your own intention of staying at Hess, for how long you could see yourself working for the company? 
John OConnor: I am having a ball and as far as the eye can see is the answer, Paul. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: How is your eyesight? 
John OConnor: Time I had checked, I suppose. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin representing Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: John, could you characterize the size or potential gross targets for the new prospects in the Gulf of Mexico? 
John OConnor: I would be glad to do that, John. Thanks for asking. The Bob North I would characterize as probably one of the last great undrilled middle to lower Miocene prospects in the Gulf of Mexico. It is a five-block unit and I do not think we would ever managed to put something like that together again in today's environment.  The prospect size range bear is very similar to Pony, in point of fact, although I would say the bottom end of the range is probably more like 200 million barrels and the upper end, 600 million. So that would be our take on it. No doubt you'll have an opportunity to ask the operator what their range is, too, and hopefully we will be conservative versus their range. But we look at it as a 200 million to 600 million barrel prospects.  The Will K, I think, is part of about a 30-block trend play, if you will, with a number of prospects. But the prospects being drilled is, I would suggest, plus or minus two to 2.5 Tcf. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay, next one, keeping it Exploration bent, is the Bakken. You have drilled some wells now. What kind of results are you seeing? 
John OConnor: I would say what we're seeing, John, is on the upside of expectations. Current production rate from the Bakken is about 4500 barrels a day of light sweet crude and that production is coming from about 22 wells. So the wells tend to complete, the better ones, post frac, in the 500 to 700 barrels a day type range, fall off relatively rapidly, but seem to stabilize, as I said, on average around about plus or minus 200 barrels a day. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Are you doing verticals then, John, or horizontals? 
John OConnor: Actually, at this stage, and it is probably not unimportant to recognize that we are trying a variety of different techniques, John, to try to optimize the program, keep the costs down, and find the best productivity, the best bang for the buck. Right now we are doing multilaterals and we are farcing them and we seem to be getting increasingly good results from that. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay, two more from me. UK natural gas prices have been kind of week. Sales always trail off seasonally in the second quarter. Are you seeing any increases in demand, especially given the Cat's line out? 
John OConnor: What we are seeing is that compared to our on the summer pricing earlier in the year, the prices are actually surprisingly better. We have looked at them as being about 0.15 a therm at the point in time when we decided to conserve Atlantic Cromarty. Currently prices are 0.32, 0.33 a therm, with the strip showing us GBP0.48 in December. I think that is probably a fair recognition. I do not see a big pickup in demand, although there are commentaries that the market in the UK may be a little bit tight, but it is not affecting us individually at our individual production facilities. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks, John. Last one for me is on gasoline sales. It looked like you always get a seasonal rise in the second quarter, but it looked higher than normal. Any particular reason? 
John Rielly: No, I would say the best way to look at it are same site sales this year quarter versus last year quarter, up about 2%, not much higher than that, and the merchandise sales in the 2% to 3% same site comparison. So, its sort of steady-as-she-goes, where we're staying competitive and getting our fair share of the business. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Great, thanks very much. 
Operator: From the line of Bear Stearns with the next question we have Nickie Decker. Please proceed. 
Nickie Decker - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Good morning, everybody. Just a couple follow-up questions. First in the Bakken shale, could you just talk about timing and what kind of volumes you're envisioning there over the next one or two years? 
John OConnor: I think, as I explained to John, we are intent, basically, on extensive data gathering phase probably for the next twelve months. So while we will have individual wells contributing to the aggregate total, I do not see a significant ramp up in the next 12 to 18 months.  At this stage, our strategy would be somewhere in the third quarter of next year to have a position that says the optimum way of developing our 300,000 plus acres is the following. And at that point, we will commit to stepping up and project what we think ultimately is available.  But as you probably are aware, this is an extensive resource. We have extensive position in it. We have a lot to learn and we are unlocking a lot of the keys to a very cost-effective, longer-term development, which will be with us for 40 plus years. I think that is probably the best way to characterize our view of the Bakken at this stage. 
Nickie Decker - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay, thank you. Just moving over to Will K, you said that the well would take about ten months to drill. That sounds like a long time. Is there something in particular about that prospect that would require such a long drilling time? 
John OConnor: I think that as a deep shelf play, first of all, we are influenced by the operator's call on what the AFP calls for. Secondly, I suspect that they have been influenced by outside operators who have taken more than ten months to drill to similar depth, so hopefully we will be able to do better than that, but I think for planning purposes there is nothing unusual about it, by the way, at all. 
Nickie Decker - Bear, Stearns & Co.: No, I understand that now. I didn't realize it was a deep shelf. Fine. Anything new on your decision to shutting Cromarty for the third quarter? 
John OConnor: Nothing new. At current prices, it would obviously be attractive to bring it back on stream for the winter market. So we keep an eye on the gas prices. But right now, as I mentioned earlier, prices look attractive and, therefore, we can assume we would pick it up again in the winter market. 
Nickie Decker - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Okay, but we should not assume anything in the third quarter? 
John OConnor: No. 
Nickie Decker - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Finally just moving over to Pony, maybe you could just update the timetable on completion of that well that was suspended and how you see drilling evolving. 
John OConnor: The well has cased to 23,000 feet and we have a couple of significant events to move through before we get into the top of the objectives section. We should have the rig back on location by the end of September, so I would definitely look for a complete result three months after that. So roundabout the turn of the year. 
Nickie Decker - Bear, Stearns & Co.: I know that there were some sort of operating issues prior to the shut-in and ,in fact, it looks like little drilling progress had been made in the final two months there. Is that something that will persist once you resume drilling? 
John OConnor: That was a very good question, Nickie. From the point in view of footage reported, you're right in saying there was no progress. In terms of the technologies we deployed to overcome what we saw in the subsurface, I would say significant progress has been made.  And indeed, the obstacles that were thwarting our progress were overcome and they are now safely behind casing. So I do not anticipate anything other than a normal drilling curve through the rest of the hole. I hope I am right. 
Nickie Decker - Bear, Stearns & Co.: Very good, thank you. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman representing The Benchmark Company. Please proceed. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Gentlemen, good morning. I had a couple things. I was hoping you might be able to clarify just once more, because I am having trouble following, the carried interest situation on ACG. I was not aware there was a carry involved. I assume that you were carried and, therefore, this bump in second-quarter production reflects the end of the payout on that carry. Is that correct? 
John OConnor: That is correct, Mark. There was a piece of it as we were acquiring our interest in the ACG field, a portion of the interest had a carry and we were carried, just like you said. We were forecasting it to end somewhere around the second quarter. It turns out higher commodity prices, timing and capital expenditures, that the carry ended. So we now have our full entitlement in the second quarter and going forward. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay, so it will stabilize at the higher level. 
John OConnor: Correct. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Just staying with ACG for a sec, you refer, John, I believe to the lower tax rate. What is the statutory tax rate there? 
John OConnor: 25%. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: So comparable to EG? 
John Rielly: Correct, and that is exactly the reason. The mix of EG and Azerbaijan in the quarter reduced our overall effective rate. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay. Can we talk at all about the terms under which you entered both Bob North and Will K? Is it a farm-in and were you promoted? How did that work? 
John OConnor: It's somewhat complicated, Mark, but indeed we acquired the equity in Bob North straight up, and the carry is assigned to the Will K. That is a simple way of looking at it. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: I'm sorry, John, repeat what you said about Will K. 
John OConnor: The total carry and promote rather, the promote is associated with Will K. The access to Bob North is on a heads-up, straightforward participation of 30% equity in the prospect. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Can you disclose what you paid for it? 
John Rielly: Yes, Mark, we're not going to give, per se, the exact promote, but there was a promote, as John O'Connor said, and our total exposure for both wells we are estimating around $100 million. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: That does not include well costs, does it, John? 
John Rielly: Yes, that includes the well costs. Again, 10% in Will K, 30% on Bob North. With the promote, our exposure, we are estimating, is around $100 million. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay, John O'Connor, is my recollection accurate that Chevron drilled the Bob well previously? I was interested in what relationship Bob North has to that. 
John OConnor: You've got a good memory, Mark. You probably went to visit them to have a look at the prospect at the time, but yes, it was in fact, I think that this is designated as Mississippi Canyon however they number it, three. So there have actually been two prior attempts. One stopped with surface, basically shallow water flows, I believe, I don't quite recall. The other one penetrated the salt and did not penetrate the objective section. This is a major drilling challenge, no doubt about it, but there is a very substantial drilling unit on location, the Discover Seven Seas, and I think a lot of learning in the industry in drilling this type of prospect with these types of challenges is now behind us. But there is no question, this is a challenging drilling task. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: So John, it is the same structure as Bob? 
John OConnor: Yes, it is, absolutely. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay, just one or two more, if I could. Acquisition costs on the additional Williston acreage -- the Bakken acreage, I'm sorry. 
John Rielly: No, we're not going to provide that information. We do not give individual acquisition numbers on that for lease sales. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay, just one final one. The listing situation versus production in the quarter, John Rielly, was there a significant overlift in either Libya or other areas? 
John Rielly: No, what we ended up with a small net underlift position for the quarter that really did not have an effect on our income. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: With Banc of America, with the next question we have Dan Barcelo. Please proceed. 
Dan Barcelo - Banc of America Securities: Good morning. A question regarding trading. Trading really drove a good result year on year, or quarter on quarter for your R&M business. I did not know if you could expand a little more on the basis for that. Are you thinking of putting even more capital to work their? And just touch again on, maybe, risk controls there.  Then I would just follow up on that in terms of total R&M, as your growth continues, it is being dwarfed and dwarfed by the upstream. Maybe in the context of R&M and trading, how you think of that business as it relates to Hess overall? 
John Rielly: Sure, Dan. First, let me just address your question on the trading for the quarter. There was no change in operations there or capital assigned to the trading group. Again, there is varied strategies that go over a very different type of commodities and just various spreads.  So the limits were the same. The value at risk was the same. They just had a good operational quarter and we're not looking to change any capital structure or limits for the trading. For the downstream, I will turn that over to John Hess. 
John Hess: We're very happy with our downstream business, our Marketing/Refining model. It is 25% of our capital employed, as you know. We look for it to generate current returns and cash flow. We are on track this year for our target to generate approximately $400 million to $500 million this year. We are about halfway there through the year-to-date and it is where we are competitively positioned to sustain financial performance. So we're very happy with the returns there and the performance of the business and definitely want to keep it. 
Dan Barcelo - Banc of America Securities: If I could come a just one more. Just touching on rig positioning, maybe if you could just update us on what your rig position is both on exploratory front or for future looking and expiration and also for your developments currently? 
John O'Connor - Hess Corporation: Dan, in fact, we have had a review of that just last month and the program as we see it for the next 24 months is pretty much covered completely, either with our own units or through swaps with other operators.  So in the Gulf of Mexico, we have got two units. We have secured a unit for the Carnarvon wildcatting program at the end of this year. We have also secured units from other operators who participate with us in a couple of tests west of Shetlands, which are programs for next year.  Indeed we also has slots for wildcats, with or not they make the program, in West Africa and South America in 2008, and also, of course, for our Libya wildcat. So pretty much covered across the board. 
Dan Barcelo - Banc of America Securities: Perfect, thanks very much. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ron Oster with A.G. Edwards. Please proceed. 
Ron Oster: Good morning. I was wondering if you could give us a quick update on your upstream per unit costs in terms of your cash operating costs and DD&A. It looks like there is a jump up in the U.S. for the cash costs and I was just wondering if the guidance still remain there.  Also DD&A appears to be running below your guidance and I was wondering if we should anticipate a ramp up in the second half to make up for that. 
John Rielly: Sure, let me give you the update. In the second quarter, our overall unit costs were $22.50 per barrel. Cash costs were $12.70 and DD&A was $9.80.  You are right about the U.S. On a global portfolio basis, our costs are in line with guidance. In the U.S. we did have some costs rising versus a year ago and even the first quarter. It is a result of increased staffing and activity levels in the Williston and Permian Basin. We also had happen to have -- it is just the timing of maintenance activity, as well as there's higher severance costs with the higher commodity prices.  As far as DD&A, we did give a 10 to $11 guidance for the full year and we are running a little below that, but again, now, as we continue to ramp up Okume and Okume's production has been doing very well, as John has mentioned earlier, that does have some higher DD&A costs.  Again remember that was part of and it does have some acquisition costs on it from the Triton acquisition. So as we see here, we do not think we need to change the guidance at this point. 
Ron Oster: Okay, and with that in mind, do you think with those current targets in place that you would be able to improve your competitive position relative to some of your peers if you were able to reach those goals or would you expect you guys remain relatively stagnant in terms of how you rank against your peers? 
John O'Connor: Our stated objective longer-term and going back sometime is to become a top quartile performer. That applies not just to reserve replacement or production growth, but also to costs.  That is what we expect to see happen, so we're driving for that. We have come significantly from being a fourth quartile in terms of costs, where we now see that we are at the threshold between upper second and lower first quartile.  So I think if you look at the track record in 2003 through 2006 actual, you'll see that we have made a lot of progress. I would expect that progress versus the peer group to continue. 
Ron Oster: Great, and then finally, I'm not sure if I missed, but was there anything, can you give us some guidance in terms of exploration for the second half of the year? 
John Rielly: Sorry, with Exploration expenses, that's guidance we did not provide and it is really -- again, it is just the estimate of the success ratio that we're going to have, so again, we will talk about spend.  John O'Connor mentioned we will start our Australia program. We have Bob North, which is spudded, Will K, which will spud towards the end of the third quarter. So those of the major parts of our exploration program at this point. And then Pony will start up again in mid-September. 
Ron Oster: Okay, and then final one for me. You mentioned the three items that drove production a little higher than expected. Can you quantify each of those and impact they had on the quarter? 
John Rielly: I would say if you were looking at the, let's say, the JDA, you are talking about about 3000 to 5000. 
John O'Connor: You want me to supplement that, John? 
John Rielly: Yes, sure. 
John O'Connor: ACG is about 6000 barrels a day in the second quarter above what we have projected and John Rielly explained the reason why earlier, with the payout of the carry. Okume is about 5000 barrels a day higher net to us because of the superior performance versus our projections of what the reservoir and the wells would do and also, I might add, the drilling performance.  As you know, we have two wells working continuously at the Okume complex, so we are completing and adding wells efficiently.There was a timing change with respect to when the Beryl shutdown in the North Sea would occur. It was supposed to occur in the second quarter. It is now being deferred to the third quarter. As a consequence of that, Beryl contributed 3000 barrels a day more than it should or had been projected to do, but we will lose that, of course, in the third quarter.  Then, finally, the JDA, as we talked about earlier with Arjun Murti, the call for gas there was significantly higher than we might have expected for a variety of reasons in the market, so that on a gross basis, we were some 30 to 40 million cubic feet a day more positive than we had planned. Those are the main components of the production variance. 
Ron Oster: Great, thanks. That's helpful. 
Operator: With Lehman Brothers with the next question we have Paul Cheng. Please proceed. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Good morning guys. 
John Rielly: Good morning. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: John, can you tell us there was Libya production for the quarter in the sales? 
John Rielly: I'm sorry, Paul, I didn't hear the question. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Can you tell us there was Libya production and sales in the quarter? 
John Rielly: Sure, for Libya's production was 24,000 barrels a day and as far as the overlift/underlift, there was a small overlift in the quarter for Libya, just about 49,000 barrels. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: This is for John Rielly. John, you had mentioned that your full-year effective tax rate for the E&P is targeted 50 to 54, which is slightly lower the last quarter, it was 52 to 56. In the first quarter, you have 51, second quarter 49, or slightly below 49.  And you indicated that because it is the production mix, the higher production in EG and ACG, which has lowered your effective tax rate, that's why for the quarter you have lower-than-expected tax rate.  Is there any reason why in the second half the tax rate is going to jump that much then, because ACG is not coming back down or EG, I mean, the production is going to rise further? Should we looking for a lower effective tax rate? 
John Rielly: No and, again, you're absolutely right on what you said. Azerbaijan is going to stay higher in EG from Okume's production will stay higher, but again, in the second quarter, what we had was some mix issues.  For example, in the EG, we actually had an overlift in the quarter versus our production of approximately 900,000 barrels. Offset by that was UK, where we had an underlift of over one million barrels.  So you took out higher than 50% tax rates in the UK and replaced it with EG barrels a 25% rate. So again, from that standpoint it is just a mix issue in the quarter and then as we forecast out, we see the UK, obviously, underlift going away.  So we will bring back in those higher 50% rate barrels into the effective tax rate. That is why the rate will increase in the third and fourth quarter. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: That's great. John, I'm sorry, then what is the UK underlift? 
John Rielly: It 1.1 million barrels, actually, in the quarter. But again, for the portfolio standpoint, we had a small net underlift that really did not affect the quarter. It is just that mix. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay, I fully understand. I think this one will be for John O'Connor. John, on Pony, clearly, the drilling has been far longer before the recent drop that has been far longer than anyone expected. Is it more of a -- because I think it is a combination of issues, including maybe some of the equipment issues and some geological structure issues that may be more difficult to drill through.  Can you characterize that? Which one is more important in terms of why it has been taking so long or with order delay? 
John O'Connor: Yes, I can. First of all, to characterize it, the equipment is working significantly better than it has in earlier times, so we would not assign any of the extended drilling time to the equipment. Secondly, probably through about 18,000 feet, this was probably the fastest well drilled in the basin.  We did encounter significant geological issues in the subsurface, which have been encountered by others. There are a variety of solutions which have been attempted. We came up with a novel innovative solution, ultimately, which proved successful.  We think that that gives us confidence that when, or if, we meet similar obstacles in the subsurface in the future, we will be able to address them. This was certainly a learning for us without too much precedent in the industry. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Right, and with that in mind, if we going to, say, go in to drill this same well today with all the learning, how much time that you may be able to cut down? 
John O'Connor: I really have no idea. The way we look at these things, Paul, is we put together the best drilling curves by different hole sizes that other offset operators have reported and we come up with a compass of curve of best in class and we attempt to design our program to do better than that, and we will continue to operate that way. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Then maybe let me ask you in another way. In terms of Okume, do you encounter or do expect to encounter a still pretty lengthy drilling or longer than expected drilling in the future in either the appraisal well or the development well? 
John O'Connor: That is a very good question because what we are thinking of is in the event that we were to be encountering that type of thing, how would we counter it? We do not necessarily expect to see that in development wells, but prudence makes sense that we have the capability to overcome this type of thing in the event we were to encounter it in developed wells. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: So you do believe that you have the capability at this point or you found a solution already? 
John O'Connor: Correct, you're exactly right. That's the simplest and best way to put it, Paul. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Perfect, just one final one for John Rielly, or maybe John Hess. In the Marketing, you had a breakeven quarter. First quarter, you earned $43 million. I understand in terms of the energy marketing and all that, but it still come to me seems like the drop is to severe given severe given, sequentially.   I thought the East Coast retail marketing margin is actually slightly up. Is there any somewhat unusual item included in the result? 
John Rielly: No, the major driver of the drop first versus second quarter, you hit the nail on the head, is the energy marketing. Obviously, energy marketing is driven by weather. It was very, very cold in February and energy marketing benefited from that.  Obviously the weather abates in the second quarter and is reflected in our sales volumes, so it does not drive margin nearly as much. So that is the major driver. In terms of retail, as you know, during the second quarter, the markets had a lot of upward pressure on gasoline.  That helped refining and did not help retail as much, but the retail that we can control or at least have some influence over, the merchandise margin as well as controllable costs behaved well. So we feel good about the retail business, but obviously it was much more refining-driven quarter in the second quarter than it was a marketing one. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: John, will you be able to share with us how much you earned in the energy marketing in the first quarter and a second quarter? 
John Rielly: No. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay, very good. Thank you. 
Opeator: And you next question comes as follow up from the line of Mark Gilman, representing The Benchmark Company. Please proceed. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: John Rielly, typically in these calls, you make a statement along the lines of principal and interest on the PDVSA note are current. Unless I missed it, I did not hear that. Could you just confirm that that is still true? 
John Rielly: That is still true and got catch, Mark. PDVSA has, again, honored all its obligations. It has been a good partner for us. Yes, the interest in principle is current and we did receive our payment during the quarter. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay, John O'Connor, I do not recall the deep shelf as being an area of interest for you previously. Just curious as to what might have altered your thinking on participation in the Will K, which sounds to me like a deep shelf test. 
John O'Connor: You're absolutely right, Mark. Of course, what we were particularly attracted to was a continuation of the Miocene play in the heart of the play fairway, which Bob North represented.  In a sequence of discussions with BP, it arose that this particular arrangement was the best arrangement for us to access Bob North. So, if you will, the Will K is a secondary consideration, but it was considered important in the transaction to allow us to enter Bob North. 
Mark Gilman - The Benchmark Company: Okay, thank you. 
John O'Connor: Thanks Mark. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this now concludes the question-and-answer session. Thank you for your participation in the Hess Corporation 2007 second-quarter earnings conference call. This concludes the presentation. You may all disconnect and have a good day.

===== 2007 Q1  (2007-04-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives

===== 2006 Q4  (2007-01-31 10:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Jay Wilson - VP of IR   John Hess - Chairman and CEO   John O'Connor - President Worldwide Exploration and Production   John Rielly - SVP and CFO 
Analysts: Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs   Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns   Doug Leggate - Citigroup   Bruce Lanni - AG Edwards   Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank   Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse   John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch   Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company   Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company   Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers   Kate Lucas - JP Morgan   Bernard Picchi - Wall Street Access   Daniel Volpe - Barclays Capital 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2006 Hess Corporation Earnings Call. My name is Kelly and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions).  I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Kelly. Good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our fourth quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and appears on our website www.hess.com. Today's conference call contains projections and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements. As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; John O'Connor, President Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Reilly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
John Hess: Thank you Jay, and welcome to our fourth quarter conference call. I would like to make a few brief comments highlighting some key achievements of 2006 and provide some guidance for 2007. John OConnor will then discuss our Exploration and Production business, after which John Rielly will review our financial results.  2006 was a year of record financial performance for our Company. Our results benefited from the strong commodity price environment which existed for much of the year. Consolidated net income was $1.9 billion. Exploration and Production earned nearly $1.8 billion, and Marketing and Refining earned $390 million.  Capital and exploratory expenditures in 2006 amounted to just under $4.1 billion, of which about $3.9 billion was related to Exploration and Production activities. For 2007, our capital and exploratory expenditures are budgeted to be approximately $4.0 billion, of which about $3.9 billion relates to Exploration and Production, including our acquisition of a 28% working interest in the Genghis Khan Field in the Gulf of Mexico.  We enhanced the strength of our financial position during the year, with our debt to total capitalization ratio improving to 31.7% at the end of 2006 versus 37.6% at the end of 2005.  During 2006, our operational achievements included; growing our proved reserves to 1.24 billion barrels of oil equivalent, replacing approximately 230% of production, at a FD&A cost of about $12.55 per barrel, lengthening our reserve life to 9.3 years, marking the fourth consecutive year in which we have lengthened our reserve life, increasing our crude oil and natural gas production by 7% versus the prior year, bringing four field developments into production, creating significant value from our high impact exploration program, and continuing the selective expansion of our Retail and Energy Marketing businesses.  With regard to crude oil and natural gas production, in 2006 our production averaged 359,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. In 2007, we forecast that worldwide crude oil and natural gas production will average between 370,000 and 380,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is within our long-term guidance of 3% to 5% production growth per year.  As to our major field developments, we made significant progress during 2006, including four field start-ups, ACG Phase 2, Atlantic/Cromarty, Phu Horm, and Okume. During the year, we sanctioned the Shenzi development project located in the Green Canyon area of the Gulf of Mexico and advanced the Pangkah oil development in Indonesia and the Seminole Residual Oil Zone project in the Permian Basin, all of which are scheduled to begin production in 2009.  In terms of exploration, we continued to have good success in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico during 2006. We made a potentially significant discovery at our Pony prospect, on Green Canyon Block 468, and drilled a successful appraisal sidetrack, which confirmed our pre-drill estimate of 100 to 600 million barrels of oil equivalent on our acreage. We have a 100% interest in the Pony prospect. In addition, successful appraisal drilling at our Tubular Bells prospect, on Mississippi Canyon Blocks 683 and 726, in which we have a 20% interest, has been very encouraging. Appraisal drilling at both these discoveries will continue in 2007.  With regard to Marketing and Refining, our businesses were negatively impacted by margin pressures and milder than normal weather. Our refineries operated reliably with the exception of some unplanned downtime at our HOVENSA joint venture early last year. We successfully completed low sulfur fuel projects at both HOVENSA and Port Reading during the year.  In Retail Marketing, our annual convenience store revenues in 2006, excluding petroleum products, exceeded $1 billion for the first time. Energy Marketing achieved increased sales of both natural gas and electricity, as a result of both organic growth and selective acquisitions, building a stronger and more profitable business for the future.  In summary, we are pleased with the performance of our assets and the strength of our organization. We remain confident that the investments we are making for the future will sustain profitable growth and create significant value for our shareholders.  I will now turn the call over to John OConnor. 
John O'Connor: Thank you, John. Good morning everybody. In the fourth quarter of 2006, production of 366,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day was up 16% versus the fourth quarter of 2005. Two new Hess-operated fields, Okume Complex and Phu Horm, started up ahead of schedule and on budget. In the Gulf of Mexico, we drilled and cored a successful appraisal well to our Pony discovery and we announced the acquisition of a 28% interest in the Genghis Khan Field, which is the western portion of the large Shenzi developments in which we also have a 28% interest.  Overall, 2006 was a year of strong operational performance for exploration and production. We produced 359,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day, up 7% from 2005. More importantly, we replaced about 230% of production with new proved reserves of 310 million barrels of oil equivalent. Reserves growth year-on-year was 14% resulting in year end 2006 proved reserves of 1.24 billion barrels of oil equivalent and a reserve life of 9.3 years.  Over the past 3 years, we have replaced 162% of production at an average FD&A cost of $12.50 of barrel of oil equivalent. During 2006, we continue to actively high grade our asset portfolio by selling non-core properties in the Permian and U.S. Gulf Coast and by entering the West Med Block offshore Egypt and reentering Libya. In 2007, we expect production to be in the range of 370,000 to 380,000 barrels of oil equivalent a day net of planned asset sales and within our 3% to 5% per annum growth initiative. Okume Complex production will step up through the year with the addition of some 5 new wells per quarter, achieving plateau production in early 2008.  In the second quarter of 2007, we'll start gas production from Ujung Pangkah in Indonesia and in the third quarter, we expect to start production from Genghis Khan. Gas production from the JDA fields will also increase in the second half of 2007, with the addition of some 200 million cubic feet a day gross of early Phase II gas, to the current Phase I volumes of 350 million cubic feet per day. Full production from Phase II of the JDA is schedule for first quarter 2008.  In 2007, our drilling activity in the Gulf of Mexico will focus on the development and appraisal of our three Miocene discoveries in the Green Canyon and Mississippi Canyon areas. Development drilling will continue on Shenzi and on Genghis Khan, while appraisal drilling is underway at both Pony and Tubular Bells.  2006 was certainly a year of high activity and of significant execution. And 2007 promises to be just as active. I will now pass the call over to John Rielly. 
John Rielly: Thank you, John. Hello everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare fourth quarter 2006 results to the third quarter. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2006 was $359 million compared with $297 million in the third quarter. As indicated in the press release, third quarter 2006 results included a charge of $105 million for the additional 10% supplementary tax in the United Kingdom that was enacted in the July, with an effective date of January 1. The third quarter charge represented incremental income taxes of $60 million on operating earnings for the first half of the year and $45 million to adjust the Unites Kingdom deferred tax liability.  Turning to Exploration and Production. Income from Exploration and Production operations in the fourth quarter of 2006 was $350 million compared with $311 million in the third quarter, excluding the United Kingdom tax charge. The after-tax components of the increase are as follows; lower crude oil selling prices reduced earnings by $97 million. Higher crude oil and natural gas sales volumes increased earnings by $110 million. Lower exploration expenses increased income by $47 million. Higher operating expenses reduced earnings by $39 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $18 million for an overall increase in fourth quarter adjusted income of $39 million.  Our E&P operations were overlifted compared with production in the fourth quarter, resulting in increased income in the quarter of approximately $35 million. For the full year, sales volumes approximated production.  The Exploration and Production effective income tax rate for 2006 was 54%, excluding the effect of the adjustment to the U.K. deferred tax liability of $45 million in the third quarter. The E&P effective income tax rate in 2007 is expected to be in a similar range of 52% to 56%.  Turning to Marketing and Refining. Marketing and Refining earnings were $67 million in the fourth quarter of 2006 compared with $153 million in the third quarter. Refining earnings were $45 million in the fourth quarter of 2006 compared with $64 million in the third quarter. The Corporations share of HOVENSAs results, after income taxes, was income of $20 million in the fourth quarter of 2006, compared with $43 million in the third quarter. During the fourth quarter, the Corporation received a distribution from HOVENSA of $100 million. Port Reading earnings amounted to $22 million in the fourth quarter of 2006 compared with $18 million in the third quarter. The decrease in refining earnings in the fourth quarter was due to lower refining margins at HOVENSA. The balance of the PDVSA note at December 31 was $137 million, and principal and interest payments are current.  Marketing operations had income of $17 million in the fourth quarter of 2006 compared with income of $63 million in the third quarter, principally reflecting lower margins. After-tax trading income amounted to income of $5 million in the fourth quarter of 2006 compared with income of $26 million in the third quarter.  Turning to corporate. Net corporate expenses amounted to $27 million in the fourth quarter of 2006, slightly lower than the third quarter amount. Net corporate expenses for the year 2006 were $110 million and are expected to be in the range of $115 million to $125 million in 2007.  Turning to interest. After tax interest expense was $31 million in the fourth quarter, comparable to the third quarter amount. For the full year of 2006, after-tax interest expense was $127 million. After-tax interest in 2007 is expected to be in the range of $170 million to $180 million, primarily reflecting an anticipated decrease in capitalized interest due to the completion of several development projects.  Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter, including a decrease of $67 million from changes in working capital was $779 million. The principal use of cash was capital expenditures of $961 million. All other items amounted to an increase in cash flow of $19 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the fourth quarter of $163 million.  At December 31, 2006, we had $383 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our available   revolving credit capacity was approximately $2,700 million at year-end. The Corporations debt-to-capitalization ratio at December 31, 2006 was 31.7% compared with 37.6% at the end of 2005. Total debt was $3,772 million at December 31, 2006 and $3,785 million at December 31, 2005. The Corporation has long-term debt maturities of $27 million in 2007 and $28 million in 2008.  This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your first question comes from the line of Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. A couple of questions. First one on the production guidance of 370 to 380, you alluded to I think net of planned asset sales, do have an amount that you are assuming for asset sales that you can share with us? 
John Hess: John? 
John O'Connor: Good morning, Arjun. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Hi. 
John O'Connor: One of the asset sales that we have clearly identified is the residual equity we have at Scott and Telford. We basically have a purchase and sale agreement for that and that asset is currently producing net of about 9,000 barrels a day. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Terrific. And are you assuming any additional asset sales beyond that or is that really the one you were talking? 
John O'Connor: I think that with respect to production guidance for the year, Arjun, we have to be cognizant of the fact that we have really three new field startups incorporated in our projection for the year, the Phu Horm startup in late November, then Okume in December and then looking to April-May time for Pangkah in Indonesia. Given all the moving parts, I think there is even less certainty with respect to the range of production guidance for this year than would normally be the case. There is no question, but there is significant additional production potential being added to the developments. How the drilling progresses on these new fields and how the wells perform as we bring them on and how new facilities operate, how much up-time we get are all moving parts that influence the guidance. To the extent, however, that we have opportunities to sell further assets to continue with the high grading of the portfolio, we would look at that in the context of that guidance. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That makes a lot of sense. Is Genghis Khan not going to produce any volumes this year, I just thought there were some early oil going through in Anadarko and I think Marco Polo facility? 
John O'Connor: We expect that we'll see startup of Genghis Khan into the third quarter, Arjun. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And I apologize, this is the final one. Tubular Bells there was previously a pretty wide range, I think 75 to 350 million barrels, sounds like this appraisal went well and I recall it being a fairly decent step out. Can we have confidence in the upper or at least middle portion of that range now, or can you provide any color around that? 
John O'Connor: We are actually -- it's drilling currently the down deep sidetrack from the number two well and drilling operations are still in progress there. Certainly, I think as John said in his script that we have been very encouraged by the number two well, the number two sidetrack, but beyond that I would rather wait for the operator to put out some interpretation of how they feel about the range of guidance on completion of operations here. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That is great. Thank you very much. 
John O'Connor: Welcome. 
John Hess: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nikki Decker of Bear Stearns. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Morning everybody. 
John Hess: Morning. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: I just wanted to ask a little bit more about your reserve bookings, if I could. The numbers went by pretty quickly, but it sounds like your reserve replacement was quite decent. Do you say that you had booked 310 million barrels of new proved reserves? 
John O'Connor: Yes, we did Nikki. And I should give that some color commentary by saying that we also sold 27 million barrels. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Sold 27 million, were acquisitions a part of that 310 million? 
John O'Connor: It depends how you want to classify Libya. We booked Libya in 2006, if that is organic, in other words returned to prior ownership, then all 310 would be organic. If you care to categorize it as an acquisition, then 310 less about 125 would be the organic guidance. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Wanting for upgrade. And were there negative revisions in there John? 
John O'Connor: Not really. I mean there always are -- once you choose these, ups and downs which net out. But they are -- as we continue to improve the capability of rest of our management folks, negative revisions occur less than this quite frankly. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Great. And on the FD&A, I think I heard a three-year figure of about 12.57, did you provide 2006 data? 
John O'Connor: John did in his text, and the 12.55 was for 2006. The average for the three years is actually co-incidentally a little less then that at $12.50. 50. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Wonderful. That will do for me. Thank you. 
John Hess: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Citigroup. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Thanks, good morning everybody. 
John Hess: Good morning. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: John O'Connor, on the reserve replacement, you mentioned to Nikki's question there, the answer rather that you had some sales. I guess that was the swap with Apache, will that be part of that? 
John O'Connor: Yeah, the way the thing worked out has actually shown as disposals. So that was -- part of the 27 was the sale as a quid pro quo of our acquisition of West Med to Apache at the Permian. And the other part is the exit from Gulf Coast near shore, offshore Louisiana. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Right. Well, I guess that where I am going with this is, that clearly there seems to be quite a lot of western reserves that you [spotted] upon in the terms of what -- where your bookings can come from next. Could you maybe lay out for us how you see '07-'08 in terms of how deep the portfolio is? Or maybe comment of BP's discovery this morning and how that might impact your clients in the region, in the Med obviously? 
John O'Connor: Yeah. Obviously we are very pleased basically to confirm what we believe to be the deeper exploration potential on the very sizable West Med Block. So that was good neighborliness on behalf of BP and its partner in the West Med Block. We are encouraged by that. We continue to work our development options to optimize what we are looking in West Med. So it's all -- after all a good new story.  In terms of forecasting reserves for '07, '08, I mean I think it's fair to say as you look at the full categorization of our resource base, I think at the time of the May investor conference, we talked in terms of 6P of 3.5 billion barrels and I think at the end of the day, we've shown our reserves situation to the Board next week. That number will be over 4 billion barrels in terms of 6P. So the question then is at what pace do they move into SEC proved reserves, but the resource base is very substantial. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. I guess a couple of just additional questions from me. The exploration program. The read through, I guess, from me anyway is that you are moving into a fairly heavy appraisal period. How do you see the volatility, let's say of the dry hole costs as we move through the year in '07? 
John O'Connor: I think you're right. Given that we have two rigs under contract in the Gulf of Mexico and that's where the both of our exploration and appraisal stand occurs. As we switch efforts to funding the appraisal, Pony we believe will be -- on appraising the Pony prospects for the full year. There is still continuing work to be done on Tubular Bells. Of course, we have drilling activity both development in terms of Shenzi and later on year in Genghis Khan. We also have some production work to do regarding Banks area, which will use the rig experience of Jack Hays. So, it goes without saying that the capacity to drill wildcat wells this year is reduced by comparison with 2006, but maybe this is the consequence of success when one explores and find something, the next phase is appraisal. And, so it's appropriate for us so we move into the appraisal phase with Gulf of Mexico.  In the international arena, of course we are looking forward to drilling our wildcat on Block 54. We have shown it in the late fourth quarter of this year, but given the exigencies with which drilling rigs become available from others on and off as the case may be, its conceivable that will slide over in to the early part of 2008.  We have a couple of wildcat wells in West Africa were we are fully carried by partners, so they are not contributing to the expense. So all in all, although we dont forecast exploration expense, while we will have an increase in our acquisition and processing of seismic particularly in the Gulf of Mexico, I think you can see that my comparison with the high activity on wildcats last year, this year it will be less though. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Just on the [Tertiary] in that case you have a full carry result? 
John O'Connor: Yes, thats correct. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Final one from me, cost guidance, John, cash and non-cash for 2007 please? 
John Rielly: Sure, 2006 unit costs were $19.80. That was $10.90 for cash operating cost and $8.90 for DD&A. Our guidance for 2007 is a range of $12 to $13 for cash operating cost and a range of $10 to $11 for DD&A. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Great, okay. Thanks a lot. 
John O'Connor: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bruce Lanni of AG Edwards. 
Bruce Lanni - AG Edwards: Yeah, good morning gentlemen and congratulations on a good year. 
John O'Connor: Thank you, Bruce. 
Bruce Lanni - AG Edwards: Real quick, probably John OConnor, its a follow-up on the previous questions more or less. The first one dealing with reserve replacement, John, you mentioned Libya being a portion of that, could you break out the balance of where the other reserves came from? That would be the first question. And the second one would be on Pony still a very wide range again similar to Arjun's comment on Tubular Bells, could you kind of break out when you think that you may be able to fine tune the Pony number and why the range is still so wide? And then, a third question would be on Libya, just not really that much mention of it, I wonder how active we are going to be in that region over the next year or two? 
John O'Connor: Okay, I will -- Bruce I will talk about them in the reverse order. As you know, we have 8% equity in Libya, I think it is fair to say that things do not move in full speed in terms of the operation of the Oasis concessions and that's okay frankly. We have acquired a lot of updated information, we and our partners working with BNOC through 2006, and in fact it is about the pace that I expected. But we are a lot more knowledgeable about the assets and we are putting together the opportunity sets. So, I don't see a significant change in terms of our commitments and our spend in Libya, but I do think that for the longer term it represents a significant opportunity for us.  In terms of Pony, the original discovery together with the sidetrack, basically confirmed the lower end of the 100 million to 600 million barrel range, slightly more than that. The second well that we are currently drilling will hopefully add to that, but I think that the real narrowing of the range will occur after the third well is drilled. So, I think, unfortunately given the debt of target horizons for this well, unlike the more instant gratification that one gets from exploration and appraisal of other shallower prospect this one in going to take some patience. 
Bruce Lanni - AG Edwards: And, John, where is the third well kind of located? 
John O'Connor: At the present time, it is northerly located, as you know this to the northwest of the Discovery and the next one we will locate it to the northeast, but I would keep that as tentative until we find the results from the number two, together with number two sidetrack as we kind of sidetrack the number two. So we are trying to delineate that down to batches of structure as you move to the north, both at westerly and easterly directions. 
Bruce Lanni - AG Edwards: Okay. 
John O'Connor: Your third question was with respect to the additional reserves thats over and above those from Libya. And I would tell you that, we added significant reserves. Shenzi upon sanction of that in the JDA on the back of an active drilling program in 2006, in the UK on the back of activity and performance in some of the core fields, they are Bittern, Clair Schiehallion and Valhall in West Africa again as a result of drilling in both Equatorial Guinea and Gabon, in the US as a result of drilling a performance at our US assets at El Gassi, El Agreb again as a result of drilling activity there. So, this sort of bears out my observations and my prepared remarks that we have had a very active year executing around our program in 2006, and of course the benefits flow through in the terms of reserves. 
Bruce Lanni - AG Edwards: Well excellent, and congratulation. 
John Hess: Thank you. 
John O'Connor: Thanks, Bruce. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Hello. Good morning everyone. 
John Hess: Good morning. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: John O'Connor, if I could just press you a bit more on the wildcat and try and get a wildcats and get a better feel for the risk, reward that we are looking at this year as oppose to last year. It seems that you're actually carried on all the wildcats you have this year. And I was -- would be interested to know, how that compares with the number of wildcats you drilled last year. But if you could just confirm the location of those and just confirm that I am correct about the outlook for 07 that will be great? Thanks. 
John O'Connor: Its not true that actually Paul that we're carried on all wildcats this year. We are carried currently on the Jack Hays as well and I indicated we are currently drilling a couple of West African wells. We have got various equities in a number of wells and we have penciled in, in the Gulf of Mexico, and of course we would be a 100% in the Block 54 for Libya wildcat. The issue really is with respect to moving parts on the rig timing and the priorities that may occur. And so while we have budgeted for those wildcats, some or all may not be drilled this year. And so its very difficult to give you a credible forecast. I would merely indicate that with respect to exposure to wildcat drilling, it will be less in 2007, than it was in 2006. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Yeah, and just to confirm the 06 number, which I guess we know, could you just talk about how many drilled and how much exposure you had at the end of the day? 
John O'Connor: Okay. We had Ouachita, we had Alsace, we had looked down in to the Faros. We had Andros and we had Norman. Thats one, two, three, four, five, six. The total exposure, John Riley might care to comment on that? 
John Rielly: $240 million, Paul. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Thats great. Okay, I appreciate it. Thanks a lot. On -- just pressing a little bit more on the disposals question. You are saying that you have confirmed more or less a 9000 barrels a day disposal, is there a potential for a step disposal or really a large sell down, or do you still see the asset base youve got in front of you is the one that you are broadly speaking, happy with and eyeing for the -- the sort of trimming around the edges that you doing? 
John O'Connor: Yes, I believe that the asset portfolio is significantly better and more robust than it was a few years ago. We have been continually disposing off the weaker properties over the past three to four years. And while we have got a short list of as you would say trimming around edges type property, thats about the seismic quite frankly. We like the assets that we have got. We think we have a lot of running room with it. There obviously is room for improvement with respect to both costs and longevity. But in terms of assets sticking out, I should say, I wish I didnt have that. We are pretty much near the end of the road in terms of (inaudible). 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Great, thats helpful. Thank you and one final one from me as a change in direction slightly. There are some quite concerning headlines coming out of Venezuela on an ongoing basis. Could you just address the level of risk that you face regarding the potential for nationalization or other contractual changes from Venezuela? Thanks, 
John Hess: Well as you know, our investment with Venezuela is not in Venezuela, it's in US Virgin Island. So in terms of nationalization risk, it's really not a risk. Number two, our joint venture there has operated very well and profitably since its inceptions, since 1998. The Venezuelans have honored their supply agreements on crude, as well as their financial commitments, and the partnership continues to be in excellent, where both sponsors are very supportive of the joint venture. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Great thats helpful. Thank you gentlemen. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Flannery of Credit Suisse. 
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Hi, just a question John OConnor. More of a longer-term conceptual question. You've got 165% reserve replacement over three years about $12.5 a barrel and thats actually -- five years ago that would has been seen as a bad result. Now, it's probably going to be seen as a good result. And if you look forward with the assets that you know about, which into the resource base if you like, where -- what do you see happening to F&D over the rest of the -- let's say over the rest of the cycle. Not necessarily looking for number, but what if everything goes to plan, what kind of charges and the rest of it are going to be working their way through the portfolio do you think? 
John Hess: Yes, good question Mark. I mean -- I think that generically for industry we are seeing a significant year-on-year increase in F&D as a result of cost push occurring in terms of where the industry is moving and into perhaps more challenging and even more marginal hydrocarbon resources. Obviously, rig suppliers are extracting their part of flesh from the industry. Service companies find that this is their time in the sun as well. So all of these and there is the people issue too, but as the industry loses people, we are having to compete heavily to acquire new professionals to execute on the development of your need. So my belief is that costs squeeze is going to continue to occur. And then, I leave it to other commentators as to what that means with respect to margins and prices of these. 
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Alright, so you are not seeing -- you dont really see any eminent relief from any of that? 
John Hess: I really dont. So the nature of where we are exploring, where we are developing, and the fundamentals that lie behind all of that, I really dont see a downturn, but I see a continued increase in trend that is the course. 
Mark Flannery - Credit Suisse: Alright. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin of Merrill Lynch. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Yeah, hi. Three quick ones, with West Med, John, what did you book for that? 
John O'Connor: John, good morning. We havent sanctioned West Med yet. So, there will be no bookings there. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay great, thats what I thought. With Pony should we expect given the current drilling you are talking about kind of a third quarter type update or will you update us once you done with next well? 
John O'Connor: I think as probably in (inaudible) so meaningful in terms of shareholder information that on completion of operations on assets as in tight hole, we would update you. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: When do you think we will see that? 
John O'Connor: Well it's going very well frankly, but I think we had planned about 120 days on the sales as part of the beginning of the year. So we are looking at four months, end of April possibly. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. 
John O'Connor: And we would like to try to beat that if we can. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Great, and how about the Jack Hays? 
John O'Connor: Jack Hays also is very tight hole, confidential and very strategic in nature. John would probably tell you it's drilling below 25,000 feet currently. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Last one from me is with respect to hedging, any changes at all with that for WTI? I mean prices have been pretty volatile. You have a fairly large program, John. 
John O'Connor: Yeah, no plans to add to the hedges we have. We are very comfortable taking the price risk with the balance sheet that we have and the cash flows we are getting from the new developments. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Kessler of Simmons & Company. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Good morning gentlemen. I had a question on your reserve bookings this year. Genghis Khan sounds like it was not booked in 2006, can you confirm that transaction had not closed by year-end and what you might book for 2007 as initial reserves there? 
John O'Connor: Robert, you are right that it was not included in year-end 2006 reserves. Back to the transaction that was not yet closed, I believe. It's in the final stages. It's imminent, but it has not yet closed. And unfortunately, I don't recall off the top of my head what we're going to book, but I don't think it's going to be significantly material initially. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Okay, I think you had guided to a resource range of 65 million barrels to 170. Is it fair to say it starts at the low end of that range and then the optionality would be included in future? 
John O'Connor: That sounds like that would be a gross number for the three partners of which we would have 28%. So if you took 28% of 60 or there about that might be appropriate still. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Fair enough. Thank you very much. 
John O'Connor: That would be actually on the high side. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Thank you. And then on the exploration, obviously you have a lower year in terms of your net exposure for the exploration wells, particularly in the first quarter with Jack Hays being carried by Maersk and then obviously Pony still drilling on through the quarter. Can you give us a sense for baseline G&G kind of exploration expense on that basis on top of which we could layer in any dry hole exposure? 
John O'Connor: Let me pass it to John Rielly. 
John Rielly: That type of exploration expense numbers we don't give out because again it really is -- it depends on where the program ends up, where the seismic, what's the timing, getting all the boats and the work done. So, it's very difficult for us to forecast that and like you said what happens with dry holes and the success or lacks of success. So at this point, we can't really guide you on the exploration expense and all we will do is quarter-to-quarter is give you updates on the wells we are drilling. 
Robert Kessler - Simmons & Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman of the Benchmark Company. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Guys, good morning. 
John Hess: Good morning. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: I had just a couple of quick things. Can I assume -- can I be safe in assuming that Shenzi was the largest single element of the non-Libyan reserve bookings in '06? 
John O'Connor: Yes. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. US production, liquids and gas, fourth quarter really seemed to have slipped to a much greater extent. Was there a downtime John associated with that or is the decline rate accelerating, could you put some color on it? 
John O'Connor: Yeah, sure Mark, I'll be happy to do that. In point of fact, it was facility issues both on Llano and on Conger and the irony is that they are both are not operated by us. Llano goes to the Auger platform and Conger goes to Enchilada. In one case, actually Enchilada I believe suffered from storm impact, whereas Auger was plant maintenance. So, both of those had a significant impact on the production delta between the fourth quarter and the third quarter. Now, it's also fair to say, I will be we just ingenuous not to that both Conger and Llano are of course continuing to slide. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Can you quantify at all what the impact of the downtime might have been John on those two? 
John O'Connor: Yeah, my estimation of the downtime is around 5,500 barrels a day for the quarter-versus-quarter, Mark. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. One final one if I could. On Phu Horm, can you give us an idea what the tax and royalty provisions look like and what kind of base gas price we are looking at there? 
John Rielly: Sure Mark. From a based gas price right now, let's just say what we had in the fourth quarter from initial production is approximately $5 Mcf for the gas price. We the -- in Thailand, it's the normal tax and royalty type process there, and the tax rate in Thailand is approximately at the 50% range. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: And the royalty about 10% or 12%, if I remember, John? 
John Rielly: I can't remember that off top of my head, Mark. I'll have to get back to you on that. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Lehman Brothers. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Good morning gentlemen. 
John Hess: Good morning. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Actually only several quick questions. John, do you have a number, what is the Libya production for the year? And if you [could touch on] if any inventory and overlifting or underlifiting? 
John Rielly: As far as the overlift, underlift, there wasn't the overlift that I spoke about in the fourth quarter, the biggest piece of it came from Libya. But from an overall standpoint in 2006, now our sales volumes are equal to our production volumes. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Right, John, what's the fourth quarter Libya production? 
John Rielly: It was 23,000 barrels a day. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: 23. And on a going forward basis now that -- what's the sales has been? 
John Rielly: The sales -- we are expecting it again within an overall year period to equal the 23,000 barrels a day. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Right. And what is in the fourth quarter, you said that is a big thing. 
John Rielly: Oh, I am sorry, in the fourth quarter, we had an additional just under 1.2 million barrels overlifted in Libya. 
John O'Connor: We have got up on the underlift. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: You caught up on the underlift? 
John O'Connor: Yes. 
John Rielly: Yes. But in the fourth quarter, we were overlifted about 1.2 million barrels. 
John O'Connor: So going forward, we shouldnt be imbalanced on year-on-year basis. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Perfect. John, you gave a full-year production guidance, do you have a number for the first quarter? 
John Rielly: No Paul, we are not really providing the guidance specifically on the first quarter. There are, as John O'Connor has mentioned, various moving parts that happened within the portfolio including even things with JDA and getting phase II gas online. So there will be something downtime and we are not exactly sure where that will link in with the Thailand operation. So at this point, I think you follow the basic guidance that John O'Connor spoke about earlier that we will be having a ramp up. Okume will be ramping up. Genghis Khan doesnt come on to the third quarter. Pangkah doesnt come on to the second quarter. So, we have a normal ramp up there. So you can see kind of towards the fourth quarter where that production will be higher than -- 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Can you tell me what is the current production rate for the Okume? 
John O'Connor: Sure, it's running about 11,500 barrels a day right now. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Net to you or thats gross? 
John O'Connor: Thats gross. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: 11,500, gross ? 
John O'Connor: Thats from three wells that are on stream. And as I said in my remarks, Paul, we expect to bring five wells per quarter on. So to underline what John Rielly has just been saying, you can see that the production profile for the year is heavily back-end loaded towards the fourth quarter. They remind also that we expect a normal third quarter seasonal outages for a heavy maintenance activity in the north sea and also at the turn of the first quarter, its the second quarter we expect the JDA to be down for roughly 40 days for Brownfield tie-in for connection of the 42-inch line to Thailand. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: I am sorry, John, the JDA will be down in the second or third quarter? 
John O'Connor: It will be down -- it's going down in the middle of March as currently planned, Paul, for 40 days. So, its major impact will actually be in the second quarter. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: And the assets sales in UK, when thats going to be finalized, is it first quarter event or second quarter? 
John O'Connor: That is projected to close in the first quarter -- by the end of the first quarter, Paul. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: By the end of the first quarter? 
John O'Connor: Yes. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: And the 9000 BOE per day is the weighted average for the year, I presume? 
John O'Connor: Its the current production rate. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Thats the current production? 
John O'Connor: Right. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And also I think, John, you have touched base on that, I am wondering some people have said that they start to see a relief in the rig availability and also cost pressure in the upstream side of the business, have you guys noticed that, thats really true, any comment that you can add? 
John O'Connor: We haven't actually been in the market to secure new equipment Paul, but I see the same information I guess as you and others do. It looks like at least there is a flattening off in the escalating rates that we have seen over the prior three years. And if nothing else thats encouraging. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay, how about on the development side, has the cost pressure started to tail off or that is still rising pretty rapidly? 
John O'Connor: I, we dont -- we are not out in the market for any new developments currently and it's very difficult for me to comment on whats happening. The concept of a plateau in cost is appropriate given that the cost of sale is still pretty high. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: I see, very good. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Kate Lucas] of JP Morgan. 
Kate Lucas - JP Morgan: Hi, good morning. 
John O'Connor: Good morning. 
Kate Lucas - JP Morgan: I have a question about the Genghis Khan development and the Shenzi development, are you -- given that you've sanctioned the Shenzi project before you announced the acquisition of Genghis Khan and that they are part of the same structure, are you looking at changing any of the development plans for Shenzi as a result of Genghis Khan acquisition? 
John O'Connor: We are indeed, Kate. One of the attractions, and if you like the synergies through the existing partnership in Shenzi acquiring the western portion of the prospect, which is called Genghis Khan, is that it allows us to optimize well locations which is significance in this development. 
Kate Lucas - JP Morgan: Okay and then just one quick question on your international E&P tax rate, it was about 58% over the course of the quarter. Is this a good representative internationally E&P tax rate going forward or was it favorably or unfavorably impacted by your self volume mix? 
John Rielly: It was a volume mix that I spoke about just a little bit earlier we were overlifted in Libya with obviously were we have enough, greater than 90% tax rate. So that drove up the international tax rate in the fourth quarter. 
Kate Lucas - JP Morgan: Okay, thanks very much. 
John Rielly: You're welcome. 
John O'Connor: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bernard Picchi of Wall Street Access. 
Bernard Picchi - Wall Street Access: Good morning, a question John OConnor about Okume, you said that production will plateau in the first quarter early in '08 and you laid out the development program quarter-by-quarter, could give us an idea what the plateau term will be? How long production will remain at that plateau and then how quickly decline rate will set in, question one. And then also in Equatorial Guinea, in a general sense, could you talk about additional development opportunities you may have within the lease in terms of additional satellites or exploration or development opportunities elsewhere within Equatorial Guinea? 
John O'Connor: Let me start with the last one. I dont anticipate any Greenfield exploration opportunities to emerge from our remaining concession area in Equatorial Guinea. We are pretty much drilled what we thought was viable and we have relinquished the non-prospective acreage. So we are pretty much done in the areas surrounding the production assets. There is certainly one, if not two possibilities, to tie into the production facilities and there maybe more as our experience in the currently producing areas grows with time, but I would not look to see substantial change. I think that the issue with respect to Equatorial Guinea will be the expectation that recovery factors will turnout to be better than currently perceived as we continue with pressure maintenance and effective recovery in both side of the field and in Okume Complex.  As to the plateau, the facilities in Okume Complex have been designed for 60,000 barrels a day, plateau gross. Generally speaking, these facilities can be de-bottlenecks and nudged and certainly the well capacity will exist to meet if not exceed that plateau rate. The issue will be one more of subsurface. How connected are the various geo-bodies, how effective is water injection and thus far, I would say is that we have been presently pleased with the drilling results, but there is a long way to go. As I said, we will be completing five wells per quarter. So we have a lot of learning to do on Okume through the year. As far -- and that of course is going to impact how long the plateau will last, but currently I think our projection will be that we will see the plateau last for four to five year's. It's very uncertain at this stage and thereafter, it would probably decline somewhere between 5% to 7% a year. So this is long duration activity. 
Bernard Picchi - Wall Street Access: Excellent. Thank you, John. 
John O'Connor: Okay, Bernard. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Volpe of Barclays Capital. 
Daniel Volpe - Barclays Capital: Good morning gentlemen. Have you had a chance to share your reserve results with the rating agencies prior to the release and do you have an update on your discussions with Moodys, specifically with regards to investment-grade ratings? 
John Rielly: Typically, right before our earnings release calls, we will update the rating agencies on results and we did discuss the reserve replacement with all the rating agencies. Our discussions with Moodys have been positive and have been positive for the last several quarters; they see the improvement in the business. As far as any timing for them to do something without rating, it is up to Moodys and we will -- we just will be answering the question as they sent it to us. 
Daniel Volpe - Barclays Capital: Great, thank you very much. 
John Rielly: Sure. 
John O'Connor: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Citigroup. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Hi, guys, apologies for the follow-up. I wanted to come back on one of John O'Connor's comments. You said the reserves bookings, John, were in the JDA, are you now in a position to put the third phase of the JDA? 
John O'Connor: Sorry, Doug. I missed the last phase, are you asking about the third phase? 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Yeah. I think you have a put option essential. 
John O'Connor: Oh, the put, sorry. We've retained that option. I think that its certainly premature to exercise it. There are a number of moving parts. Very clearly, we have the gas resources that we have contracted for in both phases I and II. We also have a lot of drilling underway. Wells watch out for this year will be a deep well in [Bhumi] that is basically be a very high temperature well, not a quite high pressures, so not quite HP/HT, but certainly HT. And the success for all of us at that well will give us indication of how much on books and on contracted resource, we have in the central reversion zone in the block. So I think the best answer to give you is we have retained to put options. The market is very, very strong and is looking for additional gas volumes. We just have to be sure that we have got incremental gas and sufficient of it, and that the economic terms would be right to exercise put option. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Great, thank you sir. And there's just one final one for John Rielly. John, you have about -- I think at the end of 2005 something like $5 per share of net operating losses and net asset value. Can you tell us what that number was at the end of '06? And just walk us through the mechanics of how you realized that value? 
John Rielly: Sure. I mean for the net operating loss what we'll do is obviously as the US has taxable income, we'll be able to utilize that NOL to offset current taxes. As of the end of 2006, we have approximately 3.3 billion of NOLs remaining to be utilized. So, we see that asset being utilized over the next several years. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: What was the NPV, John, of that number? 
John Rielly: Again it all depends on -- I would have to make a guess on commodity prices of what the taxable income would be in each year here going forward. So, it would be difficult to do that. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Not as similar to the '05 number? I think that was about 1.6 billion or something like that. 
John Rielly: Well, again are you talking -- are you just talking about the deferred tax asset associated with it? That's just that -- 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Yes. 
John Rielly: Okay. That's just that the tax rate in the US. So again you're using an effective 35% to 37% effective rate on those NOLs. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Great. Thanks a lot. 
John Rielly: Sure. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. We thank you for your participation in today's conference. This also concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a good day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2006 Q3  (2006-10-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson - VP of IR John Hess - Chairman and CEO John Rielly - Senior VP and CFO John O'Connor - President Worldwide Exploration and Production
Analysts: Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers Doug Leggate - Citigroup Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company Kate Lucas - JPMC Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Hess Corporation Third Quarter Conference Call. My name is Kelly and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
Jay Wilson: Thank you, Kelly and good morning everyone and thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings conference call. Our earnings release was issued this morning and it appears on our website. Certain statements made in the conference call today may constitute forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to known and unknown risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements.  As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; John O'Connor, President Worldwide Exploration and Production, and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.  I will now turn the call over to John Hess. 
John Hess: Thank you, Jay and welcome to our third quarter conference call. As usual, I will make a few brief comments; after which John Rielly will review the financial results for the quarter.  Turning first to exploration and production; our third quarter results as compared to the year-ago period benefited from higher oil price realizations and production volumes, which more than offset increased exploration expenses and higher foreign income taxes. Our production averaged 352,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, up 13% from the hurricane impacted third quarter of 2005. For the full year 2006, we expect production to average approximately 360,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is about 7% above last year.  Our new field developments continue to make excellent progress. Okume Complex in Equatorial Guinea and Phu Horm in Thailand are on schedule to commence production in the first quarter of 2007. Facilities are now largely in place and development drilling is ongoing at both locations. Also the Pangkah gas development is Indonesia is on track to start production in the second quarter of next year. With regard to exploration, the Tubular Bells appraisal well on Mississippi Canyon Block 682 was successful. The operator recently commenced drilling the first of two planned sidetracks, which will further delineate the field. Hess has a 20% working interest.  Our Ouachita and Alsace exploration wells on Green Canyon 376 and Garden Banks 243 respectively did not encounter commercial quantities of hydrocarbons and have been plugged and abandoned. Meanwhile, at our Pony discovery on Green Canyon 468, the sidetrack well commenced drilling at the end of September with a target 4,000 feet northeast of the discovery well. We have set casing just above the objective section. Our plan is to drill ahead and then to cut cores.  In September, we reached an agreement with Maersk by which they will pay a promote on three exploration wells to earn a one-third interest in 104 deepwater blocks in the western Gulf of Mexico lower Tertiary play. The Jack Hays prospect located at Port Isabel 526 spud in October and is the first well in this program. In addition, we are currently participating in two exploration wells in the Garden Banks area. We have a 50% interest in Andros Deep in Garden Banks 342 and a 16.25% interest in Norman in Garden Banks 434. Both of these wells spud in September and are operated by Anadarko.  With regard to marketing and refining, the combination of stronger retail and energy marketing margins, as well as, higher utilization rates at HOVENSA offset a decline in refining margins compared to the year-ago period.  I will now turn the call over to John Rielly. 
John Rielly: Thank you, John. Hello, everyone. Our earnings release was issued this morning and it appears on our website. In my remarks today, I will compare third quarter 2006 results to the second quarter.  Net income for the third quarter of 2006 was $297 million compared with $565 million in the second quarter. As indicated in the press release, third quarter 2006 results include a charge of $105 million for the additional 10% supplementary tax in the United Kingdom that was enacted in July, but had an effective date of January 1. Second quarter earnings included a gain of $50 million from the sale of Gulf Coast assets and a charge of $18 million as a result of vacating leased office space.  Turning to exploration and production, income from exploration and production operations was $206 million in the third quarter of 2006, including the United Kingdom tax charge. Income from exploration and production operations was $501 million in the second quarter of 2006, including the Gulf Coast asset sale and office accrual. Excluding these items, E&P earnings were $311 million in the third quarter of 2006 compared with $469 million in the second quarter.  The after-tax components of the decrease are as follows. Lower crude oil and natural gas selling prices reduced earnings by $8 million. Higher crude oil and natural gas sales volumes increased earnings by $7 million. Increased exploration expenses, principally dry hole costs, reduced income by $89 million. Higher operating expenses reduced earnings by $38 million. A higher effective income tax rate reduced earnings by $25 million. All other items net to a decrease in earnings of $5 million for an overall decrease in third quarter adjusted income of $158 million.  The charge of $105 million for the additional 10% supplementary tax in the United Kingdom includes a provision of approximately $60 million representing the incremental tax on earnings for the first half of 2006 and a charge of $45 million to adjust the United Kingdom deferred tax liability on the balance sheet. In addition to this charge, the effect of the 10% supplementary tax on third quarter United Kingdom earnings was $21 million. For purposes of estimating our normalized annual effective tax rate for 2006, we have included the 10% supplementary tax for the full year, but we have excluded the one-time adjustment to the United Kingdom deferred tax liability. On this basis, we expect the E&P effective rate for the year to be in the range of 53% to 55%. For the first nine months of 2006, the E&P effective income tax rate was 53%.  Turning to marketing and refining, marketing and refining earnings were $153 million in the third quarter of 2006 compared with $121 million in the second quarter. Refining earnings were $64 million in the third quarter of 2006 compared with $107 million in the second quarter. The Corporation's share of HOVENSA's results after income taxes was income of $43 million in the third quarter of 2006 compared with $63 million in the second quarter. Port Reading earnings amounts to $18 million in the third quarter of 2006 compared with $40 million in the second quarter. The decrease in refining earnings in the third quarter was due to lower refining margins. The balance of the PDVSA note at September 30 was $152 million and principal and interest payments are current.  Marketing operations had income of $63 million in the third quarter of 2006 compared with income of $15 million in the second quarter principally reflecting higher margins. After-tax trading income amounted to income of $26 million in the third quarter of 2006 compared with a loss of $1 million in the second quarter.  Turning to corporate, net corporate expenses amounted to $31 million in the third quarter of 2006 compared with $29 million in the second quarter. Full-year corporate expenses are expected to be within the range of our earlier guidance of $105 million to $115 million.  Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the third quarter, including a decrease of $95 million from changes in working capital, was $828 million. The principal use of cash was capital expenditures of $788 million. All other items amounted to an increase in cash flow of $20 million resulting in a net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the third quarter of $60 million.  At September 30, 2006 we had $546 million cash and cash equivalents. Our available revolving credit capacity was $2.74 billion at quarter end. The Corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at September 30, 2006 was 32.8% compared with 37.6% at the end of 2005. Total debt was $3.775 billion at September 30, 2006 and $3.785 billion at December 31, 2005. The Corporation has long-term debt maturities of $1 million over the remainder of 2006 and $29 million in 2007.  This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from Steve Enger of Petrie Parkman. 
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman: Good morning.
John Hess: Morning.
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman: First, on Tubular Bells, that appraisal well was drilled quite a distance from the first well and I think you guys had a pretty wide range of potential resource as a result. Can you tell us how consistent the most recent well might have been and do you have a better definition now on kind of what that resource range may look like? 
John Hess: You are right, Steve. It is about five miles between the current drilling well, the well number two and the original Wildcat discovery well and certainly I think that it has increased our confidence in the size of the prospect and reduced the uncertainty. But in terms of giving you numbers, I would rather leave that to the operator, BP. 
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman: Sure. John, would you say it was pretty consistent in terms of net pay count and other important parameters? 
John Hess: Yes, I think it was a very encouraging and a very positive result, Steve.
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman: Okay. You have obviously got a lot of activity going in the Gulf now. Can you give us a bit of a preview as you look ahead to next year as to kind of what your objectives are in terms of types of Gulf of Mexico exploratory wells you may drill, any sense for numbers at this point? 
John Hess: We are at the very early stages of putting together the program for 2007. That is not really going to come together much before the December Board meeting and I think after we're through and have reviewed this with the Board, we will talk about the program on the January call. 
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman: Okay. Is it fair to say that Miocene and lower Tertiary opportunities both look interesting to you? 
John Hess: Absolutely, yes. And also importantly I think continued evaluation of both Tubular Bells and Pony. 
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman: Sure. Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. I know you are going to provide more detailed capital spending and production growth commentary on the January call, but maybe just conceptually if you look at the, sort of, ex the acquisitions this year, the three odd billion of capital spending, it sounds like a number of the major projects like Okume and so forth are coming on early next year. Ex-inflation, should we be looking for a major ramp in '07 or just maybe some inflationary gains in capital spending and that is the extent of it?
John Rielly: Obviously we understand the direction of your question Arjun it is fair, but again we would rather hold it to the January call to give you specifics on that. There are moving pieces, yes. You have cash flow ramping up from God willing the startup of the developments that we have, but we also have an ongoing investment program and developments going forward fortunately. So there are a lot of moving pieces there and we would like to give more clarity to that on the January call. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Just to follow up in Tubular Bells, do you think the two sidetracks get you the confidence in where in that, I believe it was the 75 to 350 million barrel range you are or a little more appraisal likely be drilling if you need it? 
John Hess: Our understanding at this stage from partners is that the information from the sidetracks is likely to suffice and that we would not need a further third location, but I think it is also fair to say that that outcome will be influenced to some extent by the results that we find from the sidetracks. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: Got you. And then just finally is there any update on the Shenzi developments at this time or any other metrics beyond what you have said in the past? 
John Hess: No. We have a rig drilling in the field, the first of the development wells. We also are cutting steel both for the TLP and for the [Deck] and so I think things are pretty much on track now Arjun. 
Arjun Murti - Goldman Sachs: That's really helpful. Thank you very much. 
John Hess: Thank you Arjun. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin of Merrill Lynch. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: A couple of quick ones for John, with the two dry holes, could you give us some sort of a postmortem on Ouachita and Alsace? 
John Hess: I mean I think it's fair to say John that we have learned quite a bit. Every time we drill a wildcat well, we learn something with respect to trap and more importantly petroleum systems and it gives us more data for sand mapping frankly. So in both cases, I think it's added to our knowledge. And obviously the results are disappointing, but as you know, that is to be expected in a comprehensive exploration program. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Right. So was sand the issue? 
John Hess: I think it is complicated frankly. We're still working up the postmortem from the two wells. Perhaps we will have some more information later on. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay that's fine. With Pony, when are you going to TD? You said you set casing. When are you going to do TD?
John Hess: The sidetrack has casing set just above the objective section and the intention now would be to drill to the first objective and then take whole course. So, there will be a comprehensive core cutting and data gathering program on this well. Right now, I would say we are on the drilling curve, if not ahead of it. But there is probably 30 to 60 days worth left on the well. 
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Switching to the M&R side of things, with gasoline prices coming down, are you seeing more demand of the pump?
John Rielly: Well, it's a good question and the direct answer is not more, because we are coming out of the summer driving season. On a same location basis, our demand is pretty consistently up same-store sales kind of 2% year-on-year whether it's outside in gasoline sales or inside in convenience store sales.
John Herrlin - Merrill Lynch: Thanks John thats it for me. Thank you.
John Rielly: Hey thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Hi, good morning guys. 
John Hess: Good morning.
John Rielly: Morning.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Got follow-ups to the couple of the questions you've had earlier. Firstly, can you talk a little bit more about your near-term exploration and how much risk that we have from -- if you like to repeat of the write-offs that we've just had? I am thinking of the Q4 and the Q1 programs and how much value at risk you have got there. That would be question one, thanks.
John Hess: First of all we have as John said, we have two wells drilling in central Gulf Base in the Garden Banks area Andros Deep and Norman. We have 50% in one of them and 16.5% of the other. They should TD in the quarter. The third well that may or may not TD in the quarter is the Jack Hays well, which is drilling in the western Gulf. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: The exposure there, John, I think is relatively less than what we have seen this 3Q. Is that the right way to look at it? I mean
John Hess: Yes. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: In the worst-case scenario, presumably we are not going to see another write-down of the kind that we have had really for the foreseeable future. 
John Hess: I think that's right. It's hard to forecast. So much of this is timing dependent. I mean we could've had one of those wells, had it drilled quicker, TD and the expense. The second quarter is just sort of serendipity or happenstance that both wells came together in the third quarter. So it is difficult to say it is not going to happen, but I think it is less likely. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Right. And if we just look towards the end of the year and beyond in fact, you have guided I believe that you expect at least 100% reserves for placement over the next five years and I would think that '06 is likely to be a banner year within that.
John Hess: We have not guided; I would say we have set an aspiration to do that and certainly while we won't give results in terms of reserve replacement for '06, until the January call, we're certainly encouraged by what we see in the states.
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Great. And if I could have a final high-level one for John Hess. John, we think that your NAV is close to $60 than the $40 that you are currently trading at. Is that something that might cause you to change your strategy somewhat in terms of for example disposals or realizing some of the locked up value thats here that isn't being reflected by the equity market
John Hess: As you well can appreciate, our focus is to invest, to grow our reserves and production reserves at the 5% to 8% year-on-year and the production 3% to 5%. Thats the major driver of where we are spending our money and as we execute our developments, as we bring some of these appraisals and exploration activities to development pipeline, we are pretty confident that the value that we are building will be shown and we are going to stick to our knitting in that regard. 
Paul Sankey - Deutsche Bank: Great thanks to all of you.
John Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Lehman Brothers. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Good morning gentlemen. 
John Hess: Morning.
John Rielly: Good morning.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: John, I know that you are still going through your capital spending program, but if we are looking out not just for next year, but for the next five years, can you give us some ballpark numbers saying that if we just want to spend the money there to maintain a flat production, then what is that number? And also what will be the amount of capital on average that you need between '07 through '10 in order to achieve say a target 3% to 5% production growth rate?
John Hess: Right, Paul, as you know, the guidance we give will be on the January call and it will be for the year 2007.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Right just trying to understand there I mean -- how much money that we need for the program in order for you to say achieve that over, not next year, but over say a four-year timeframe?
John Hess: I understand your question, Paul and we only give guidance for the current year and we will give that on the January call for 2007.
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay and maybe let me try another way. For the new production that is starting up in Equatorial Guinea in the Indonesia and Thailand, is that going to have any meaningful impact on your unit DD&A and also the capitalized interest for 2007?
John Rielly: Yes, Paul. Anytime we have new fields that come on just due to the way the reserves are recognized, you can't book all the reserves upfront. So, you typically have lower reserves that come on at the initial production and then you wait for performance in the field in additional wells. So, from a DD&A standpoint, you would say that the rates from these fields are going to increase our unit DD&A in our portfolio. However, from a cash cost standpoint, these fields are actually lower on the cash cost standpoint and so will help us on our cash operating costs. And then come the January call, we will give you further guidance on where we see our DD&A rate and our cash cost rate for 2007. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: How about the capitalized interest? I mean how much of the debt has been capitalized on those projects? 
John Rielly: A significant part, you can see it on the press release that we give the capitalized interest numbers and those numbers are significantly related to Pangkah, Phu Horm and Okume. Now, the fortunate part of our portfolio right now is as these production starts up and we start ramping it up and therefore taking capitalized interest off that, as John O'Connor mentioned, we have Shenzi going on, we have Pony going on, we now have another successful well on Tubular Bells, we have another development. So, we have three significant developments coming on here in the Gulf of Mexico, and there will be capitalized interest associated with that. And then once again on our January conference call, we will give you guidance on where we see capitalized interest for next year. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay, just one last question. John, with the retail margin that has been fluctuating quite a lot, I think it is still pretty strong, but can you give us some idea that what is the current retail margin you guys realized comparing to the third quarter level? 
John Rielly: The retail margin versus -- which quarter versus the third quarter? 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Current -- versus the third quarter. 
John Rielly: Well, on a relative basis, the retail margin that was realized in the current period versus the third quarter its down; because retail prices, pump prices have come down to match the drop in wholesale prices. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Any kind of magnitude, that you can say give us some guidance? Is it down say $0.05, $0.10? 
John Rielly: Well, Paul, that changes every day and rather than give a specific numbers that may be misconstrued or misunderstood, I would just like to say retail margins have compressed over the last let's say 15 to 30 days versus the third quarter. 
Paul Cheng - Lehman Brothers: Okay, very good. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate, of Citigroup. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Thank you, good morning guys.
John Rielly: Good morning Doug.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Just couple of things from me. I know you can't talk about the reserve replacement outlook for next year, but just conceptually, the three major fields that are coming on next year; can you give us some idea as to what proportion of the reserves you have already taken Okume, Phu Horm and Pangkah? 
John O'Connor: Yeah, I mean, some rule of thumb would be that on initial sanction, on initial startup of production, perhaps about 30% of ultimate recoverable reserves would be booked and as John Rielly said earlier, that overtime, you book the remainder. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. Is it likely we'd expect some incremental bookings from those fields this year? 
John O'Connor: In 2006, Doug? 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Yeah. 
John O'Connor: No, I don't think so. I mean, the initial booking of the roughly 30% occurs at the point in time when you sanction the project. And then they lie fallow until you have additional information either from production performance or from additional drilling, which leads you to have confidence to book increased reserves. So typically, if it's two year from sanction to first production, you're going to have two years where the reserves associated with new developments don't move. And then they should move thereafter depending on what drilling finds. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. I guess kind of a follow-up on the same issue. BP has been talking I guess very positively about further developments at Clair. I wonder if you could just give us your take on what happens next at Clair because obviously there is a great deal of potential there in terms of the reserves outlook.
John O'Connor: Yeah. It's true. There's a significant volume of oil in place there. The issue with Clair was always the economics of produceability. We are certainly very pleased with the appraisal drilling that's been going on this year. So, while I have not heard BP's commentary and I would rather leave any interpretation of Clair to BP who is the operator, we have been pleased with drilling results. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay. I guess the last one from me is the production guidance for the fourth quarter; obviously it's towards the lower end of what you'd originally told us about. Some of that is JDA-related. So I guess, could you just give us an update as to what's happening with Phase II? There has been some issues in the press about potential pipeline problems or issues on the government side, but maybe just a quick summary if you don't mind John. 
John O'Connor: Let me first of all make sure that we are clear on what we are talking about. We did not give guidance for the fourth quarter. When John has talked about a number, he was talking about average full-year number. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Sorry, my apologies. 
John O'Connor: Okay, yeah. No problem. Just so -- I would expect, without giving guidance, that the number would be higher than 360. 
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Of course. 
John O'Connor: As to the JDA, the JDA actually is running extraordinarily well and we are very pleased with the reliability of the production and of the takes from the buyers. What you may be alluding to is we have a planned maintenance shutdown of production starting this week for -- I think its 14 days, 14 to 20 days Doug. This is required to install some pieces of equipment associated with what we call the Brownfield additional developments. Further on that and we will talk about it some more in January, there will be a shutdown in January timeframe, I'll repeat again and this is what is going to be related to tie-in of the main transportation system through the Gulf of Thailand, through the market in Thailand.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Great stuff. John thanks very much.
John O'Connor: Very welcome Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from Bruce Lanni of A. G. Edwards.
Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards: Yeah. Good morning gentlemen.
John Hess: Hey Bruce.
John Rielly: Hi, Bruce.
Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards: Just a couple of quick questions. I think it's more or less a follow-up to what John Herrlin was asking. But first of all, is there a breakout that you can provide us on dry hole costs between the two wells, Ouachita and Alsace? And then I guess, the next follow-up I would like is the Andros Deep and Norman, if you could refresh my memory. I mean are they similar play-type along the trend in Miocene that you were drilling for those two wells? Any color you can provide on that?
John Rielly: I'll start with your first question regarding the breakout of the wells. We just don't provide individual well cost information. But as you saw in the press release, our dry hole cost for the quarter was $152 million and that -- those costs were substantially related to those two wells. So, on an overall basis, you can get the magnitude of the well. They were subsalt deep wells, but just from a policy standpoint, we don't breakout individual well costs.
Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards: Okay.
John Rielly: And then I will pass your next question over to John O'Connor. 
John O'Connor: Bruce, as you know, Anadarko operates both of these wells. We are not an operating partner of both. I think it's fair to say that they are targeting a Tertiary objectives.
Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards: Okay. But, can we go back to Alsace and Ouachita just a little bit? I mean I know you can't say too much about these wells, but I figure you are still in the evaluation phase and probably for confidentiality purposes, but was there a substantial difference or -- for example, between Ouachita and Pony? I mean was there something that shocked you between the two wells or is there some type of color you can provide on that more so than what you have already done?
John Rielly: I would like to think Bruce that that was a highly confidential information that gives us a competitive advantage and I am not about to discuss it. Sorry.
Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards: No, I fully appreciate that. Thanks a lot.
John Hess: And I think just to be helpful and obviously exploration is a major component of our strategy going forward. I think context is necessary here. Obviously dry holes do occur. It's part of the business. It is a cost and obviously with the cost of services and drilling going up, the costs have increased. But I think the important thing is we are very pleased with the results of our exploration program. The value of our discoveries far exceeds the cost incurred and that we feel that tremendous value is being created for our shareholders. And I think that perspective is necessary, when we go through these short-term hits to our P&L, which we all take seriously to have the bigger context that the exploration program is successful and is creating value.
Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards: I really appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Gilman of the Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Hi, guys. Good morning.
John Hess: Hi, Mark.
John O'Connor: Hey, Mark.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: I had a couple of things for John Rielly and then one for John O'Connor, if I could please. John Rielly, it looks to me like the DD&A charge on the foreign side in the quarter was quite high relative to prior periods and the underlying level of produced volume. I wonder if you could comment on that. Also, I didn't catch a hedge loss figure that you typically provide for the quarter and would appreciate that. Thirdly, could you comment, whether there was any over or under-lifting in the third quarter? And then I have got one for John O'Connor.
John Rielly: Okay, I am not taking them in order, but as far as your hedge loss, you are right. I didn't talk about it on my script, because we put it on page 11 of the press release. Mark, so if you have that there, we give the hedge loss, which was $81 million in the third quarter and we give the last quarter and the previous year's third quarter numbers there. So, that information is now going to be in the press release. So, you will see it typically on that page. Your other question was related to the DD&A in the third quarter. And I guess from an overall standpoint, I'd just like to point out, our year-to-date and full-year forecast for our DD&A unit costs continue to be in the range of our guidance, which was $8 to $9 per barrel. The increase in actual costs and rate in the third quarter and as you saw, you saw it on the foreign side, its primarily attributable and its something that I talked about a little bit earlier is the startup of the Atlanta Cromarty field, where once again when you start-up, you don't book the full amount of the reserves on the field. Yet you have essentially the full amount of capital costs going against the lower reserve number. So that's a reason. We also have just production mix in the quarter and then there has been some increases in asset retirement obligations, which does increase some of the DD&A costs. And then you had a third question which was --
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Over or under lifting.
John Rielly: Over or under-lifting. Now, in the quarter itself, our production of 352, our sales volume was also 352,000 barrels per day.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. For John O'Connor, John, I wonder if you could perhaps just offer some qualitative thoughts on the statement that I believe you have made previously regarding the inability or unwillingness to narrow the resource range on Pony after the completion of the sidetrack and the whys and wherefores for taking that position?
John O'Connor: I wish I had the source of that alleged content, Mark. Let's see, how do I address this? I think every time we drill a well, particularly a step-out well, nearly by definition compels us to narrow the range of potential outcomes. So, I doubt if I said that sidetrack would not do that. Be that as it may, we expect that given success and I am always cautious prior obviously the penetrating objective sections not to count the chickens, but given success, then it will narrow the range, but there is more drilling to be done certainly.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Well, perhaps your comment, John, was with respect to what you will say publicly. Is that a more accurate interpretation?
John O'Connor: Mark, I think just another perspective. We have said the pre-drill estimates on our share, our side of the structure. Pony prospect is 100 million to 600 million barrels of oil equivalent. That's the pre-drill estimate. We would hope that maybe we can give further definition and narrow that range after this next well. Let's get the well done and core it first. But then it's more likely than not that further drilling is going to be necessary for the structure to delineate it further. It's just early days, and obviously we would all like to delineate it further, but we have to wait until the information comes in, to be more intelligent about that estimate.
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay. If I could just follow up with John Rielly on the DD&A question if I could. John, what portion of that third quarter increase in the foreign side should we consider as enough of going forward, given your comment?
John Rielly: Of how much is going to carry forward you are saying?
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Right. 
John Rielly: Again, Atlanta Cromarty did just start up. We are going to need performance at the field for that to change. Again I think come the January conference call, we will give you further guidance on the DD&A costs going forward. Again then you are going to be dealing with a different production mix as some of the new developments come on. So it is tough to give you that exact answer. 
Mark Gilman - Benchmark Company: Okay thanks guys.
John Hess: Thank you Mark. 
Operator: Your next questions comes from Jennifer Rowland of JPMC. 
Kate Lucas - JPMC: Hi this is [Kate Lucas] for Jen Rowland. I have a question on your international tax rate. Looking at the quarter, even adding back the $105 million for the U.K. tax impact, it looks like your international tax rate has increased quite a bit. And I was wondering if there is another driver besides just the U.K. tax rate increase?
John Rielly: Yes, there is, and that has to do, I answered a question earlier about where we under or over-lifted, and from a portfolio standpoint, we were not. So our sales volume equaled our production volumes. However, in Libya our sales volumes exceeded our production volumes there, to about one million barrels. Therefore, we had higher sales volumes within Libya, obviously, at that 90% plus tax rate, and that is causing the international tax rate to be increased in this quarter. So, again, I gave guidance for the full year, 53% to 55%, which you can look at as more of what our run rate for 2006 is. 
Kate Lucas - JPMC: And then where is then the offsetting under-lift position that would've made up for Libya? 
John Rielly: It's in various countries. 
Kate Lucas - JPMC: Okay.
John Rielly: So again -- it is going to happen. Our production mix is always going to change and thats why we always try to give annual type effective tax rate information, because again over a full year, then it kind of evens out.
Kate Lucas - JPMC: Okay and then just another question; could we get an update on the West Med development and whether your plans for that are still to begin drilling next year, or whether you have been able to secure a rig?
John O'Connor: We continue to work to optimize different development scenarios. We are probably looking at -- we have soft tenders for a rig for next year. We happen to be very pleased with the outcome. So, I think we will continue to not be specific about when we would start drilling until we have tied down an optimum development plan. 
Kate Lucas - JPMC: Okay thank you.
John O'Connor: Welcome. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And your next questions comes from Nikki Decker of Bear Stearns. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Good morning, just a few quick things. One, could you talk about what's behind the higher production costs this quarter and maybe some guidance for the fourth quarter? 
John Rielly: Production costs primarily, obviously, you have the increasing service costs in the industry. We have higher production taxes because of the higher commodity prices than we expected at the beginning of the year, and then specifically as it relates to the third quarter, this is our North Sea maintenance period. So, typically, we are always going to have fields that go down for maintenance and workovers in the third quarter, and our production costs will always increase on a per barrel basis in the third quarter. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Guidance for the fourth quarter, John? 
John Rielly: We have given general guidance of production type costs or cash costs in the $9 to $10 barrel range. Because of the items that I spoke about earlier, the increasing service costs and the higher production taxes, we would guide you probably a little higher than the $10 range at this point. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Did you book the entire expense on Ouachita and Alsace in the third quarter? 
John Rielly: Yes, that full amount. No, I mean there always can be some little pieces of work that get billed after, but really all the material costs are booked in this quarter. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay. And on Tubular Bells, what's the possibility that, that gets sanctioned in 2007? 
John O'Connor: I wish I knew the answer, Nikki. Really, I will have to ask our partners in particular who work with the operator. There will be quite a bit of engineering work and subsurface works to be done before I can answer that question. But I would say it's -- at this stage, I don't have the information from the operator. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay. And just on an accounting thing on this tax adjustment, on page 2 in the release where you show the table that has the tax adjustment for the three-month period and then for the nine-month period, and it looks as though the nine-month period excludes the cash portion of the incremental income tax. That sort of suggests to me that you have restated prior quarters, or how do we look at that? 
John Rielly: What we try to give to you is -- so you can look at individual quarters and then the nine months on a recurring type basis. So, what will be any type of item that affects comparability, how will our income look consistently going forward? So, for the three-month period, you have the full amount of the charge because the whole out of period being the 60 million that relates to the first and second quarter and the one-time change to the deferred tax liability is really an out-of-period cost for the third quarter. That's the 105 million piece. When you are looking for the nine-month period, though, now you should be including on a recurring basis the 60 million that relates to the first and second quarter. So, therefore, we have taken it out of that item from a special concept. And the only special item then you have from nine-month standpoint is the one-time adjustments to the deferred tax liability. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: So, how would that 60 million break down by quarter? 
John Rielly: You could say it is fairly ratable. And I gave the number for the third quarter. The actual third quarter impact was $21 million. 
Nikki Decker - Bear Stearns: Okay, thank you. 
John Rielly: You are welcome.
John O'Connor: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the question-and-answer session for today's conference. We thank you very much for joining, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2006 Q2  (2006-07-26 15:15:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson - VP IR John Hess - Chairman and CEO John OConnor - President, Worldwide Exploration and Production
Analysts: Doug Terreson  Morgan Stanley Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman & Co. Doug Leggate  Citigroup Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs Jennifer Rowland  J.P. Morgan John Herrlin  Merrill Lynch Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers Nicole Decker  Bear Stearns Luis Olguin  ING Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter of 2006 Hess Corporation earnings conference call. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Presentation:
Jay Wilson: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings conference call. As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, John OConnor, President of Worldwide Exploration and Production and John Reilly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ill now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess: Thank you, Jay, and welcome to our second quarter conference call. As usual, I will make a few brief comments, after which John Reilly will review the financial results for the quarter. Turning to exploration and production, our second quarter results compared to a year ago benefited from strong oil prices offset partially by higher income taxes internationally. Production averaged 354 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day, which was essentially flat with the second quarter of 2005.  For 2006, our current production forecast is 360,000 to 370,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is at the lower end of the range of our original guidance. Price effects from our production sharing contracts and asset sales account for the bulk of this revision.  We continue to make excellent progress in advancing our field developments. The Okume complex, Pangkah and Phu Horn developments are all on schedule to commence production in early 2007.  Also in the second quarter, the Shenzi Development in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, where we have a 28% interest, was sanctioned by the operator BHP Billiton. Major contracts have been committed and the project is scheduled to commence production in 2009.  In the United Kingdom, production from the Atlantic and Cromarty fields commenced in June and averaged 13 million cubic feet per day for the second quarter. Net production from the fields is currently averaging about 80 million cubic feet per day.  Regarding our exploration activities, during the second quarter we announced a discovery at our 100%-owned Pony prospect on Green Canyon block 468, in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. The [row] was built to a total depth of 32,448 feet and encountered 475 feet of oil, saturated sandstones and Miocene-age reservoirs. After we complete data gathering, we will drill a sidetrack which is intended to evaluate the prospective section, 4,000 feet to the northeast of the discovery well. Also in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico we are drilling our Ouachita and Alsace prospects on Green Canyon 376 and Garden Banks 243, respectively, as well as the Tubular Bells appraisal well on Mississippi Canyon 682. These wells have not yet reached their targeted objectives.  With regard to marketing and refining, refining was the major contributor to improved earnings in the second quarter versus the prior year period. The HOVENSA and Port Reading refineries both benefited from the strong margin environment. Similar to least year, retail marketing margins were squeezed during the second quarter as wholesale prices rose more quickly than pump prices. Our current estimate of 2006 capital and exploratory expenditures is $4.1 to $4.3 billion. This level of spending is up from our previous forecast of $4 billion. The increase largely reflects our success at Pony, which has resulted in the addition of a sidetrack well and an appraisal well into our 2006 program, the acquisition of new leases in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, and accelerated development drilling at the Okume complex.  I will now turn the call over to John Reilly. 
John Reilly: Thank you, John. Hello everyone. Our earnings release was issued this morning and it appears on our web site. In my remarks today, I will compare second quarter 2006 results to the first quarter. Net income for the second quarter of 2006 was $565 million compared with $695 million in the first quarter.  As indicated in the press release, second quarter earnings included a gain of $50 million from the sale of Gulf Coast assets and a charge of $18 million as a result of vacating leased office space. The pre-tax amount of the office charge is included in general and administrative expenses.  First quarter earnings included a net gain of $186 million from the sale of certain producing properties in the Permian Basin.  Turning to exploration and production, income from exploration and production operations was $501 million in the second quarter of 2006, including the Gulf Coast asset sale and office accrual. Income from exploration and production operations was $706 million in the first quarter of 2006, including the gain from the sale of the Permian assets. Excluding these items, E&P earnings were $469 million in the second quarter of 2006 compared with $520 million in the first quarter.  The after-tax components of the decrease are as follows: higher average crude oil selling prices increased earnings by $70 million; lower average natural gas selling prices decreased earnings by $51 million; a higher effective income tax rate, primarily due to Libyan operations, reduced earnings by $85 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $15 million, for an overall decrease in second quarter adjusted income of $51 million. As indicated in the press release, production volumes amounted to 354,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the second quarter of 2006, compared with 361,000 barrels per day in the first quarter. This decrease primarily reflects seasonally lower natural gas production and maintenance activities in the North Sea.  Our E&P operations were underlifted compared with production in the second quarter, resulting in decreased income in the quarter of approximately $20 million.  The effective income tax rate for exploration and production earnings in the first half of 2006, excluding special items, was 46%. In July 2006, the United Kingdom enacted an additional 10% supplementary tax on petroleum operations with an effective date of January 1, 2006. As a result, we will record a charge in the third quarter of approximately $105 million. This charge includes a provision of approximately $60 million representing the incremental tax on earnings for the first half of the year and a charge of approximately $45 million to adjust the deferred tax liability in the U.K.  Excluding this special charge for the change in U.K. supplementary tax, we expect the E&P effective rate for the year to be in the range of 50% to 53%.  The after-tax impact of crude oil hedges reduced second quarter 2006 earnings by $83 million, compared with a cost of $65 million in the first quarter. Outstanding hedges on the remainder of 2006 production amount to 30,000 barrels per day. The press release provides details on future production that is hedged and the related contract prices. The after-tax deferred hedge loss included in accumulated other comprehensive income at June 30, 2006 amounted to $1.7 billion. Turning to marketing and refining, marketing and refining earnings were $121 million in the second quarter of 2006 compared with $49 million in the first quarter. Refining earnings were $107 million in the second quarter of 2006 compared with $21 million in the first quarter.  The corporations share of HOVENSAs results after income taxes was income of $63 million in the second quarter of 2006, compared with a loss of $1 million in the first quarter. The improvement in the second quarter was due to higher refining margins and increased utilization of the Fluid Catalytic Cracking Unit.  Port Reading earnings amounted to $40 million in the second quarter of 2006 compared with $19 million in the first quarter, reflecting higher margins. The balance of the PDVSA note at June 30 was $182 million, and principal and interest payments are current.  Marketing operations had income of $15 million in the second quarter of 2006 compared with income of $12 million in the first quarter. After-tax trading amounted to a loss of $1 million in the second quarter of 2006 compared with income of $16 million in the first quarter. Turning to corporate, net corporate expenses amounted to $29 million in the second quarter of 2006 compared with $23 million in the first quarter. Full-year corporate expenses are expected to be within the range of our earlier guidance of $105 to $115 million.  Turning to cash flow, net cash provided by operating activities in the second quarter, including a decrease of $79 million from changes in working capital, was $686 million. The principal use of cash was capital expenditures of $759 million. Proceeds from asset sales and other items amounted to an increase in cash of $55 million, resulting in a net decrease in cash and cash equivalents in the second quarter of $18 million. At June 30, 2006 we had $486 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our available revolving credit capacity was $2.138 billion at quarter end.  The corporations debt to capitalization ratio at June 30, 2006 was 34.5% compared with 37.6% at the end of 2005.  Total debt was $3.774 billion at June 30, 2006 and $3.785 billion at December 31, 2005.  In May 2006, the corporation amended its revolving credit facility to increase available capacity to $3 billion and extend the term to May 2011.  The corporation has long-term debt maturities of $1 million over the remainder of 2006 and $29 million in 2007.  This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Doug Terreson of Morgan Stanley.
Doug Terreson  Morgan Stanley: Yes, congratulations on your record results.
John Reilly: Thank you, Doug.
Doug Terreson  Morgan Stanley: Youre welcome. My question is not exploration and production but instead, refining and marketing and specifically in refining. While the results were obviously strong, the capture rate for margins seemed to be a little bit lower than we were expecting and so I wanted to see if you could provide some color as it relates to a few of the factors that might help to explain that issue, meaning were crude oil or refined product differentials or operating costs different than was the case in prior periods and, if so, any quantification that you could provide would be helpful. 
John Reilly: Yeah, Doug, fair question and youre absolutely right. The second quarter was hurt by some unexpected downtime in our HOVENSA joint venture refinery. We had at the beginning of the quarter some downtime because of a problem we had with the cat cracker, which was since corrected. 
Doug Terreson  Morgan Stanley: Okay.
John Reilly: Then in June, I believe, we did some extra work on one of our crude units to basically defer a coker and block turnaround at the refinery that was planned for this year to divert it in probably the second quarter of next year. So we took some more downtime in June which meant lower crude rates and therefore lower capture rates on those margins you talked about, in essence to run the coker a longer time period before the turnaround next year instead of this year.
Doug Terreson  Morgan Stanley: Great. Thanks a lot and congratulations on your record results.
John Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Enger of Petrie Parkman.
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman & Co.: Good morning.
John Reilly: Morning. 
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman & Co.: Just a couple of things on the Gulf, please. On Pony, assuming your first well was, you know, more or less on top of that structure, what do you expect to find in the step out? Do you think youre going to see a similar amount of net pay? Would you expect youre going to see some thinning? What can you tell us, obviously based on only a gross interpretation at this point?
John Hess: I wish I could tell you, Steve, but the purpose of drilling the sidetrack is to determine whether the section remains at the same thickness, whether theres thinning or indeed, whether theres thickening as we come off the press. So Im afraid were going to have to wait until we get the [PD] with the sidetrack done so [inaudible]. 
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman & Co.: Okay. So it looks like it will be structurally a bit lower, John, and youll just have to see on net pay? Is that a fair assessment?
John Hess: At this stage I would think that thats right. I mean, we located the first well [inaudible] pretty much but it depends on how much dip were going to see on the structure.
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman & Co.: Okay, and just to confirm in the net pay count on that first well, thats essentially all oil and you did not see any free gas?
John Hess: Yeah, we did not see any free gas to my knowledge. The samples weve taken have been all oil with the MVT. But let me just clarify what you said. What were reporting is [settled] hydrocarbons encountered in all of the [inaudible].
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman & Co.: Okay, and then can you give us an update on kind of drilling schedule for additional Gulf exploration prospects? [Andro Sea], Jack Hays, I think are on your schedule?
John Hess: Yes, they are and to be honest with you, on the schedule theyre shown as late July, early August. But I think the things moving backwards, depending on the activities of the rigs that are scheduled to drill those locations. So at this stage, Id push back a month, probably, towards the back end of August. 
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman & Co.: Okay.
John Hess: For both of those.
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman & Co.: Still well within third quarter?
John Hess: Yeah.
Steve Enger - Petrie Parkman & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
John Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Citigroup.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Thank you. Good morning, guys. 
John Hess: Good morning.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: A couple of things from me, if I may. First of all, I think theres been a little bit of consternation about your gas realizations in the North Sea this quarter. Ive got you down in line with the IPE kind of quotes, but can you just confirm what your spot contract price is, or your spot contract volumes rather, versus any long-term contracts youve got and your exposure to the spot price moves, in other words. 
John Reilly: Sure. In Europe, so its in the Europe gas production that you see there, approximately 56% of our production is on the spot market and then the rest are on term contracts. Some of them will flow, really, into oil-type indices but for the most part for the spot market, for overall Europe, its just around 56%.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay, but nothing unusual in the realizations?
John Reilly: No. Nothing unusual at all. Its just market base coming off from the strong first quarter pricing for the second quarter.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Great. I guess the second thing I have is actually for John OConnor and its on Shenzi. When Repsol obviously acquired this [dig] from BP, they gave some additional color on their view of recoverable reserves and what they thought was going on in the northern flank. Can you just maybe give us your opinion on the same kind of issues and also can you confirm whether or not you were offered any pre emption or not and, if so, why did you choose not to move ahead with a larger stake in Shenzi?
John OConnor: Let me answer the second question first. Both we and BHP Billiton had preferential rights with respect to BPs interest once they sold it. We evaluated it and we did not think that it necessarily was an outstanding fit for our portfolio and for our trajectory of growth plan.  As far as the northern flank is concerned, the intention is to drill a couple of wells on those blocks and I think it would be smart to await the outcome of the drilling without speculating what might be there. Obviously, were committing to drilling the wells and were optimistic that they will be prospective.
Doug Leggate - Citigroup: Okay, John. Ill leave it there. Thanks. 
John OConnor: All right, Doug. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Sankey of Deutsche Bank.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: Hi. Good morning, everyone. 
John Reilly: Good morning.
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: Just firstly, on that [sort of tighter] range of guidance for production, can we assume that, given that youve moved down about 10,000 barrels a day that that was the entirety of the asset sales and the [PFC] effects, and if you could split out the share of those two that would be helpful. Thanks. 
John OConnor: Hi, Paul. Its not entirely due to that. We had some heavier than expected or programmed contributions from maintenance in the North Sea and also in Southeast Asia, frankly. I think there were lingering effects from the hurricane, impact on production which we had assumed would be remedied sooner than was actually the case, and we had also anticipated that Atlantic/Cromarty would likely come on production sooner than it actually did as a result of some bottlenecks that the outside operator experienced in bringing the production facilities up.  So Id say its a raft of things. In terms of the production sharing agreements, about 3,000 barrels a day on an annualized basis. In terms of asset sales over and above the Permian, its between 2,000 and 3,000 barrels a day on a full-year basis.  So the things we reported would get you back to about 370 and then you add on top of that the [inaudible] start-up on Atlantic/Cromarty and have you an expected maintenance piece, [youre right bang in the middle of the number].
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: Sure, and the implied acceleration in the second half, what do we need to look for there, John? Atlantic/Cromarty is an obvious one. Could you highlight some of the other start-ups, or [drivers]? 
John OConnor: Yeah. With respect to Atlantic/Cromarty, you know, they are still bringing the facilities up. We have had three wells on stream. Currently, were flowing through as, again, we [see] bottleneck production facilities are [handling] the weight of the far greater volumes of liquids. I think by middle of August well be up to design capacity on Atlantic/Cromarty and hopefully well [inaudible] for the rest of the year.  There are no other new field start-ups planned for this year. There is a major downtime, however, if you take into account all the JDA facility. There are 40 days of downtime planned for brownfield activities on the production platforms to get ready for Phase 2 volumes and also to tie in the main pipeline results of Thailand [inaudible] Thailand. 
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: Great. Thats very helpful. Thanks, and so how do I get my acceleration based on what you just said that, you know, the implied acceleration that you need in the second half to get up to the 360 to 370?
John OConnor: Pretty much what youre going to see in the second half is restoration of the volumes lost during the maintenance period, particularly in the fourth quarter and full run rates for Atlantic/Cromarty. So Id say its gaps. So for the downtime due to maintenance, which is really quite substantial, and also [inaudible] full run rates at Atlantic/Cromarty. 
Paul Sankey  Deutsche Bank: Thats very helpful. Thank you very much.
John OConnor: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Thank you. One follow-up question on volumes. Any comments on how [Sebas] doing? I dont know if you quite put the volumes out like you used to, and just curious on that one.
John OConnor: Pretty much right on stable plateau, Arjun. Nothing surprising. Its not down versus plan; its right on. It might be at 500 barrels a day, plus or minus. 
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Plus or minus?
John OConnor: [Inaudible] 
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Plus or minus 30,000 barrels a day net [to you]?
John OConnor: Exactly. 
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Thats great, and just to follow up on the Shenzi comment, it looks like you didnt see the need to counter that price. Any temptation to sell your interest in the [inaudible]?
John OConnor: There were. We had comps on both sides of that issue, Arjun.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Yep. Yep. In all seriousness, do you see that as an alternative going down the road, not necessarily Shenzi but as youve made Pony and some other discoveries, monetizing this or is really the plan, is it going to be, like, if you feel, you know, its going to be poor base production for many years into the future, were not really looking to sell these assets.
John OConnor: What I would say, Arjun, is that we keep the totality of the portfolio under review at all times. Were always trying to rebalance it and upgrade it, which is why we had the Gulf Coast sales in the first half of the year and why we constantly look at other sales. Nothing is sacred. Nothing is off the agenda, but for the time being at least, I think that the position in the Gulf of Mexico is one we like very much. Wed certainly like to add to it. But as the portfolio evolves, you know, theres potential for selling, trading or realigning the interests we have depending on how they turn out.
Arjun Murti  Goldman Sachs: Thats helpful. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Rowland of J.P. Morgan.
Jennifer Rowland  J.P. Morgan: Thanks. I was wondering if you could provide more detail on the drilling activities in the Gulf, particularly where things stand on Ouachita versus your target stats. Same with Alsace. And if you could also comment on how the costs of those wells, particularly Ouachita, has risen over the past few months.
John OConnor: We dont comment on the costs, Jennifer, of drilling wells. We hope theyll be successful and end up as part of a development.  In terms of Ouachita, we are currently drilling in a sidetrack hole at about 23,000 feet. In terms of Alsace, were preparing to sidetrack the well at about 7,000 feet and that well is going to go to 24,500 feet. 
Jennifer Rowland  J.P. Morgan: Do you have any - can you provide us any targets for when you think those wells will be down?
John OConnor: Not really. I would guess somewhere in the vicinity of plus or minus 60 days, [that would be for] both wells. Both are complex wells. Both are subsalt wells and I think we just have to see how they go.
Jennifer Rowland  J.P. Morgan: Okay, great, and then just lastly, I noticed the foreign E&P, the G&A expense doubled versus last quarter. Is there something in particular going on there or is that the run rate we should expect going forward?
John Reilly: Jennifer, in my remarks earlier I talked about vacating the office and the charge associated with it. The pre-tax amount of that charge is $30 million and thats in that international G&A line. 
Jennifer Rowland  J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin of Merrill Lynch.
John Herrlin  Merrill Lynch: Yeah, pretty much everything has been asked. A couple of quick ones. Services costs in terms of inflation. John, are you seeing moderation in [inaudible] extracts, etc., [inaudible] inflation.
John OConnor: I would characterize it as stabilization at a very high level, quite frankly, versus the rates that we have contracted [inaudible] fortunately. But as we see rates coming up for renewal, we dont see any moderating operation in price just yet. Say in oil field [inaudible] goods, cement, drilling fluids, probably year over year about a 10% rise in costs there.  One thing to bear in mind  this is just a general observation of the industry  one thing to bear in mind, our projects, most of our costs have been contracted in and locked in so were not experiencing that type of inflation just yet. Obviously, for new projects going forward is where were going to [inaudible] that [picture] cost increase. 
John Herrlin  Merrill Lynch: Great. An unrelated one, which is on downstream. Refined product sales for resid were down a fair amount versus second quarter last year. Any reason other than price.
John Reilly: Well, the major reason there is quarter to quarter, the Venezuelans may or may not sell to Hess their share of production at HOVENSA and more recently theyve been selling it on their own instead of selling it to Hess, and thats just the market decision that they have made. So thats the major driver and also, with lower gas prices, there is incremental, even though were out of the season, some substitution of natural gas sales which we have the benefit of in exchange for lower sales of residual fuel oil to our industrial commercial customers. But the major driver there is not having the resid available from HOVENSA. 
John Herrlin  Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, John. Last one from me is on upstream volumes. So we should expect more of a backended fourth quarter surge in terms of the [gains]. Is that fair?
John OConnor: Im not sure Id want to characterize it as a surge, John.
John Herrlin  Merrill Lynch: Well, higher.
John OConnor: Id expect to see higher volumes in the fourth quarter for sure.
John Herrlin  Merrill Lynch: Okay. Super. Thats it for me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman of the Benchmark Company.
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company: All right, guys, good morning. I had a couple.
John Reilly: Good morning.
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company: I was wondering whether there has been any success to date in terms of modifying the gas contract on the West [Med]? 
John OConnor: We havent actually made any initiatives to modify the gas contract, Mark.
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company: I guess I was under the impression that the pricing arrangements were not satisfactory to you, and that you might undertake such initiatives? 
John OConnor: I dont know where that might have emanated from. Obviously, you know, gas pricing contract terms, many discussions with government or government entities would be confidential. 
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company: Okay. Let me try another one, if I could. On Pony, have you obtained the data from the [nicks] and Chevron? 
John OConnor: Not as of yet. I do know that we are in discussions with respect to confidentiality agreements to facilitate the [inaudible] trade.
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company: So you hope to have it available?
John OConnor: Yeah, I think thats the intent. 
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company: Okay. Are there, in your mind, John, any reservoir energy issues with respect to Pony and do you have in mind any particular in place recovery rate on it?
John OConnor: The answer to both questions is no. I dont know of any concern, nor do I have any sense of recovery rate. Until we get hole cores and do some more subsurface work, Mark, its way premature to be contemplating what recovery rates might apply.
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company: Okay. And if  just one final. Could you give us a little bit of an update on your LNG activities and particularly, apparently, your intent to get involved in building a terminal in Ireland?
John Reilly: Yeah. Hess LNG, as you know Mark, was awarded by the Shannon Development Authority the rights to develop a site in Shannon for an LNG terminal. Its early days there and were starting to do some site work, so it would be premature to put dates out there but its obviously an opportunity that we are enthusiastic about.  At the same time, we continue to move on with the permitting process at our Fall River site, but we have the PERC certificate to move forward in Massachusetts for another LNG terminal as Hess LNG. 
Mark Gilman  Benchmark Company: Okay, guys. Thanks very much.
John Reilly: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng of Lehman Brothers.
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: Thank you. I have several, hopefully pretty strong questions, I think. Two of them are for John Reilly. John, maybe Im slow here. Can you go back into your reconciliation on the E&P earnings from one quarter, the first quarter to the second quarter? In there, you indicate that the higher [FS inaudible] price increased earnings by $17 million, but the higher effective tax rate, primarily due to Libya, reduced earnings by 85. So, if those math work, that suggests that Libya is actually a loss in the operation?
John Reilly: No 
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: Because all your other operation, that the earning, I mean, just trying to imagine that, if [all your] costs increased by $3 year over year [in the] organization, we have no Libya, your earnings go up. Now that you add Libya, now all of sudden all the increase in earning is being [inaudible] all that accurate, more than offset so you have a net loss.
John Reilly: No, actually  
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers:  [Inaudible] understand.
John Reilly: Yeah, we actually had a good bit of discussion, Paul, of how we were going to do this variance here for this quarter and the first thing I have to say is the Libyan operations are profitable. We did lift our production, but basically in line with our production. Were still underlifted overall because in the first quarter we didnt lift any barrels at that time. So the Libyan production is profitable.  What we have here is, when youre doing a variance analysis like that and you apply your average effective rate over your overall portfolio, thats what happens with this volume variance and the way youre looking at it.  So, again, we could have done this variance excluding Libya and then add Libya on as being profitable from that standpoint. So  
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: In other words, in the sense that you understate improvement in the [FS] or a price increase to your earning.
John Reilly: Yes. Thats exactly right. In some other ways, in other parts, even volume a little bit and in price, thats what happens with that.
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: Okay. Second question on the, youre talking about the special item in the third quarter. Theres two components to the tax, one is the retroactive and the other one is the deferred. I understand the deferred is a one time non cash so will be considered as a special item. Why the retroactive for this first six months, which is part of this years result, where we can see that as a special item?
John Reilly: Its all where you want to put it in our analysis, Paul. Why were calling it as a special is because were going to pick up the whole first halfs increase in the third quarter.
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: I understand that, but for the full year that thats part of the operation.
John Reilly: Exactly. That additional $60 million really, if you were starting from Day 1 and you had the higher tax rate, that would have been right in our effective rate. So its just going to be special because were taking all the first six months in the third quarter. But if youre looking at it for a year, youre right on your analysis.
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: Yeah. I cant imagine how you can treat that as a special item when youre looking at it from a full-year standpoint.
John Reilly: Sure, from a full year. But in the third quarter, when we report it, itll show up, if you want to call it an out of [inaudible]  
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: Sure, I understand that but I mean that youre going to carry it over into the rest of the year.
John Reilly: Exactly.
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: Okay. The other question is for John OConnor. John, with Nigeria talking about the windfall tax and also maybe changing the equity ownership in some of their partner or that theyre [reporting] in the country, what kind of impact that, do you guys have any kind of information you can share? What kind of impact on your operation, maybe?
John OConnor: This is with respect to the Algerian initiative, Paul, is that right? 
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: Thats correct. Yes, sir.
John OConnor: We obviously have not seen a law promulgated or regulations promulgated so all we know is what we read in the media, the [substance] of which basically is that Sonatrach should have a majority equity in these joint ventures and in our case, in El Gassi, El Agreb, our operation there Sonatrach already has 51% working interest in the block. So at this stage I dont see a major impact for us in what the ministers discussing in the media.
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: How about the windfall tax, though? They have contacted you guys to discuss what is really what they mean?
John OConnor: Its difficult to know what they mean, Paul, because were just taking up media reports, as I said. Weve not seen anything formal just yet so at this stage, were not asking to see anything. Were not particularly concerned. I think were in good stead in the country and in the joint venture and, you know, the commercial terms, I think, are perfectly satisfactory, both to the government of Algeria and for ourselves and for Sonatrach, our partner. So until we hear something different formally, I think thats how we view it.
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: I see. Okay. The last question is for John Hess. John, [inaudible] has been relooking at, I think, their international refining portfolio and earlier there was talk about wanting to sell their Citgo and [Lyondell] refinery interests and now that seems like they may think about selling it to [inaudible]. Have any kind of discussions in that similar nature occurred between you and them on the same [inaudible]?
John Hess: No.
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: So then it would be continue on the status quo on that?
John Hess: Yes. Its a good relationship. Were happy with the partnership and, from what they tell us, my impression and our impression is that theyre happy with the relationship as well.
Paul Cheng  Lehman Brothers: Okay. Very good. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of [Nikki] Decker of Bear Stearns.
Nicole Decker  Bear Stearns: Good morning. Just coming back to Pony, the estimated resource range is still very wide, 100 to 600. Just wondering if you have encountered any data that would make you lean towards one end of the range or the other?
John OConnor: No, Nikki, surprisingly, I suppose the good news is that the initial well on the block is exactly as expected and therefore has not served to narrow the range. Nothing [going forward] has happened, nor has it, for example, been double the thickness we might have expected, which might have increased the range.  The real encouragement is that we found what we hoped to find and we have additional drilling to do which will help to narrow the gap.
Nicole Decker  Bear Stearns: So that resource range, though, that would cover your acreage. Is that right?
John OConnor: Thats correct. That is on our acreage.
Nicole Decker  Bear Stearns: Well, when do you think you will be able to narrow that range? Is there, you know, is there a milestone that we should look for?
John OConnor: I think that I would not expect to narrow the range with the sidetrack well. I think the planned appraisal well, which will follow on from the sidetrack and which might [inaudible], you know, in the middle of the fourth quarter but probably wont reach TD until sometime next year, would contribute to narrowing the range. But at this stage, its very difficult to say and I would refer you back to some of the questions earlier in the call who talked about Shenzi, for example. You see that Repsol, in purchasing their equity in Shenzi, describes a significant range in the potential reserves of Shenzi.
Nicole Decker  Bear Stearns: Okay.
John OConnor: And this is after significant drilling has occurred on the field.
Nicole Decker  Bear Stearns: On Ouachita and Alsace, what is your exposure on exploration expense there?
John OConnor: In Alsace we are straight up, 60% equity with [inaudible], 40% equity.  On  Ouachitas more complicated because we farmed out to partners who took a disproportionate equity.
Nicole Decker  Bear Stearns: So, I mean, Im looking for a dollar amount on exploration expense potentially.
John OConnor: Yeah. Why dont I ask John Reilly to comment on exploration expense, Nikki?
John Reilly: And unfortunately, Nikki, I cant give you a real great  I know youre looking for your model purposes, but the point is, I mean, it really does matter one, on timing and on the success of the wells. So at this point, you know, I really cant give you too much guidance as it relates to exploration expense.
Nicole Decker  Bear Stearns: Okay, and just finally on operating costs, you know, I know that you got hit on a unit basis by lower production but could you just comment on the role that inflationary factors are going to play and how you think unit operating costs might look in the remainder of the year?
John Reilly: Sure. At the beginning of the year we had talked about our unit costs being in the range of $17 to $19 and as you can see, in this quarter here we had an $18.94 unit cost and its $18.08 for the first six months. Id guide you to the higher end of this range. Weve got the higher prices that are out there. We have transportation contracts linked to prices. We have production taxes that are much higher as a result of these prices. We have the maintenance activities that John OConnor spoke about earlier and were going into the maintenance season. So, for the year, we will end up clearly at the high end of that range, thats at $19. And then obviously, to get there in the third quarter, specifically with the maintenance activities, well be above that $19.  And with these high prices and the stabilization of the service costs at this high level that John OConnor spoke about, you know, thats where we see it ending up at. 
Nicole Decker  Bear Stearns: Thanks. Thats helpful. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Luis Olguin of ING.
Luis Olguin - ING: Good morning, gentlemen. Im trying to get a better feel for your production sharing contracts. Can you give us some color on what percentage of production you would say is under this type of contract and maybe some guidance on how sensitive production is to much higher prices?
John Reilly: As John OConnor spoke about earlier, were seeing about a 3,000 barrel a day impact from the PSC. I think what we generally have from a PSC standpoint is somewhere in the 25ish  Im looking at the numbers, quick here  about a 25% range of production related to PSC, and so again, in this year, with these higher prices, were about 3,000 barrels a day from the beginning of the year.
Luis Olguin - ING: Okay, and nothing on, you know, maybe lets say prices go to $80 a barrel, how much would that change your production?
John Reilly: I mean, as you can see, weve had a decent increase from the beginning of the year and were not that sensitive. You know, its about 3,000 barrels since the beginning of the year so, even if it goes up to $80, thats not going to be a big number.
Luis Olguin - ING: All right. Fair enough. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bruce Lanni of A. G. Edwards.
Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards: Yeah, actually my question has been answered regarding the operating costs but I do want to kind of focus back on the Capex and see if you have any other indications that youre getting inflationary pressures similar to other companies that are going forward, say into 07 and 08?
John Reilly: As John OConnor mentioned, we clearly are seeing the stabilization at these higher level of the service costs and the ancillary services that go along with the rigs.  Right now from our Capex program, like on our production and development purposes, were pretty much coming in on our budget that we spoke about at the beginning of the year because we did have those contracts in place, were able to forecast it and so we were able to get some of those contracts in before some of these increases. And again, some of the  I mean, you see on the rigs here, youre seeing almost close to 50% type increases and so, no question, that will impact in the developments that we have going forward.
John Hess: But since in the past, you know, we secured for the needs that we had, especially in the deepwater Gulf and also locked in our costs for the Seba and Okume complex, were somewhat insulated, as John OConnor pointed out earlier. 
Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards: And just anecdotally, can you kind of provide some comments or some color on the downstream refining and marketing? Gasoline sales, they were flat year over year. Are you seeing any  are you hearing anything, or seeing anything from your retail outlets about whats going on with the gasoline sales?
John Reilly: Yeah, our sales, same store sales, on the outside are about, up 2% year on year and on the inside, the C stores that we have, you know, we own and operate 85% of our [site], again, its up about 2%. So were still getting our fair share of the market.
Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards: Okay. So you havent seen anything indicating that there is a significant slowdown?
John Reilly: Not in our case. 
Bruce Lanni - A. G. Edwards: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Kessler of Simmons & Company. 
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company: Good morning. Wanted to see if I could follow up on Ouachita here again. Just to clarify, I thought you had said earlier in the call that youre now at around 23,000 feet. I also seem to recall that in May, you were at roughly 20,000 feet with more or less 2,000 feet to go before hitting pay. Are those numbers accurate and can you confirm where you are in the well now relative to target zone?
John OConnor: Yeah, sure, Robert. Were currently at about 22,700 feet in a sidetrack hole. We have been deeper. We have experienced down hole pressure containment issues. As the pumps [inaudible], weve sidetracked to modify the design to go forward again. But we have some drilling ahead of us before we get to the objective section.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company: Okay. So youve not tested any objective zones.
John OConnor: Correct.
Robert Kessler  Simmons & Company: Okay.
Operator: The final next question will come from the line of Doug Leggate of Citigroup.
Doug Leggate  Citigroup: Sorry for the follow up, fellows. The refining and marketing, again. John, John Hess, I wonder if you could give a little bit more color on the lost opportunity costs and perhaps the impact of maintenance on the [inaudible] in this quarter?
John Reilly: As far as the  what happened is early on, from the first quarter, our [SEC] was down, again for unexpected maintenance. That probably was in the range of $5 million and thats gross, so about $2.5 million, our share, at HOVENSA.  Then the coker and the repairs to the crude unit and the work we were doing on the coker itself extended turnaround. Im thinking again, its gross about 20 so were looking about 10 coming to us. So something in that range of $12ish to $15 million in the quarter.
Doug Leggate  Citigroup: Okay, great. Thanks. 
John Reilly: Okay.
Jay Wilson: Thank you all for attending our call and we look forward to updating you on our progress next fall. Thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2006 Q1  (2006-04-27 02:15:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations   John Hess, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer   John Rielly, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer   John O'Connor, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production
Analysts: Paul Sankey, Deutsche Bank   Doug Leggate, Citigroup   Arjun Murti, Goldman Sachs   Steve Enger, Petrie Parkman & Co.   Mark Flannery, Credit Suisse First Boston   John Herrlin, Merrill Lynch   Jennifer Rowland, JP Morgan   Mark Gilman, Benchmark Company   Josh Levin, Lord Abbett   Nicole Decker, Bear Stearns & Co.
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations: Thank you Kelly. Good morning everyone, and thank you for participating in our First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our earnings release was issued this morning, and it appears on our website. Also, beginning this quarter, you will find on the website supplemental earnings information which we hope will assist you in comparing our quarterly results to prior periods. As usual, with me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; John O'Connor, President, Worldwide Exploration and Production; and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I will now turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Jay, and welcome to our first quarter conference call. I would like to make a few brief comments, after which John Rielly will then review the financial results for the quarter. Turning to exploration and production, our first quarter results benefited from strong oil prices and reduced hedge positions. Production averaged 361,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. The increase versus the fourth quarter resulted from the addition of oil production from Libya, the Gulf of Mexico, where volumes are continuing to recover from the effects of the hurricanes, and increased gas sales in the Malaysia-Thailand Joint Development Area. Our field developments continue to make progress. The most significant of these is the Okume complex in Equatorial Guinea. We recently completed the installation of the two deep-water tension leg platforms and the four shallow water jackets. Development, drilling and installation of the Central Processing Facility topside are scheduled for the second half of this year. First, production is expected in the first quarter of 2007. In Southeast Asia, we continue to make good progress on the Ujung Pangkah and Phu Horm developments. Ujung Pangkah located in Indonesia. Construction of the onshore gas plant and offshore facilities is well underway. We will begin development drilling in the fourth quarter and anticipate production to commence in the first half of 2007. Our Phu Horm gas development onshore Thailand is on track to go from projects sanctioned to first production in about 14 months. Gas plant construction is progressing, and the 63-kilometer gas pipeline of the Nam Phong power plant is being laid. Production from Phu Horm is expected to commence in the first quarter of 2007. In the United Kingdom, commissioning of the onshore gas handling facilities for the Atlantic/Cromarty development is nearing completion. First, gas is expected in May. Regarding our exploration activities, in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico, we are drilling our Pony and Ouachita prospects and have not yet reached the targeted objectives. The Barossa exploration well on Garden Banks 158 encountered noncommercial quantities of hydrocarbons and was plugged and abandoned. With regard to marketing and refining, the HOVENSA refinery experienced an unplanned shutdown of its Fluid Catalytic Cracking unit which lasted approximately 20 days and also completed its scheduled turnaround of a crude unit and accelerated the turnaround of a vacuum unit scheduled for the second quarter. This work resulted in lower overall throughputs at the refinery and had a negative impact on HOVENSA's financial results in the first quarter. During April, however, all of these processing units have returned to normal operating levels and are benefiting from the current strong margin environment. In addition, our first quarter marketing results were negatively impacted by warmer than normal weather in the winter and weaker gasoline margins compared to the fourth quarter. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly.
John Rielly, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer: Thank you John. Hello, everyone. In my remarks today, I will compare first quarter 2006 results to the fourth quarter of 2005. Net income for the first quarter of 2006 was $695 million compared with $452 million in the fourth quarter of 2005. As indicated in the press release, first quarter earnings include a net gain of $186 million from the sale of certain producing properties in the Permian Basin. Turning to exploration and production, income from exploration and production operations was $706 million in the first quarter of 2006, including the gain from the sale of the Permian assets. Income from exploration and production operations was $298 million in the fourth quarter of 2005, including a gain from asset sales of $30 million and an after-tax charge of $12 million from Hurricane related costs. Excluding these items, E&P earnings were $520 million in the first quarter of 2006 compared with $280 million in the fourth quarter of 2005. The after-tax components of the increase are as follows: Higher average crude oil selling prices increased earnings by $247 million. Lower average natural gas selling prices decreased earnings by $14 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $7 million for an overall increase in first quarter adjusted income of $240 million. In the first quarter of 2006, the Corporation, with its Oasis Group partners, re-entered its former oil and gas production operations in Libya. Our share of Libyan production for the first quarter was 23,000 barrels of crude oil per day. However, we did not have a lifting in the first quarter. Our first lifting of Libyan crude oil will occur in May. The effective income tax rate on exploration and production earnings in the first quarter of 2006, excluding the gain on asset sale was 42%. The effective income tax rate will increase in future quarters when we have sales of our Libyan production and when the additional 10% supplementary tax in the United Kingdom is enacted. We continue to estimate that the annual E&T effective income tax rate will be in the 50% range. The after-tax impact of crude oil hedges reduced first quarter 2006 earnings by $65 million compared with a cost of $268 million in the fourth quarter. Outstanding hedges on the remainder of 2006 production amount to 30,000 barrels per day. The press release provides details on future production that is hedged and the related contract prices. The after-tax deferred hedge loss included in accumulated other comprehensive income at March 31, 2006 amounted to $1.5 billion. Turning to marketing and refining. Marketing and refining earnings were $49 million in the first quarter of 2006 compared with $229 million in the fourth quarter of 2005. Fourth quarter earnings included an after-tax benefit from the liquidation of LIFO inventories of $25 million and an after-tax charge of $8 million from the Calpine bankruptcy. Refining earnings were $21 million in the first quarter of 2006 compared with $83 million in the fourth quarter of 2005. The Corporation's share of HOVENSA's results after income taxes, was a loss of $1 million in the first quarter of 2006 compared with income of $41 million in the fourth quarter of 2005. In the first quarter of 2006, earnings from HOVENSA were adversely impacted by the unscheduled shut down and maintenance of the Fluid Catalytic Cracking unit which lasted for approximately 20 days. Our share of the estimated opportunity cost from the shutdown of the FCC, due to loss margin and incremental repair cost, amounted to approximately $20 million. During the first quarter, the Corporation received a distribution from HOVENSA of $200 million. Port Reading earnings amounted to $19 million in the first quarter compared with $38 million in the fourth quarter due to lower margins. After-tax interest income on the PDVSA note amounted to $3 million in both the first and fourth quarters. The balance of the PDVSA note at March 31st was $182 million and principal and interest payments are current. Marketing operations had income of $12 million in the first quarter of 2006. Excluding the LIFO gain and bankruptcy charge, marketing operations had income of $114 million in the fourth quarter of 2005. The change is due to lower margins in energy marketing operations due to a warmer than normal winter and losses in retail operations due to the higher costs of supply. After-tax trading income amounted to $16 million in the first quarter of 2006 compared with $15 million in the fourth quarter of 2005. Turning to corporate. Net corporate expenses amounted to $23 million in the first quarter of 2006. Net corporate expenses were $41 million in the fourth quarter of 2005, including an after-tax charge of $19 million for premium on bond repurchases. Before discussing cash flow, I want to mention the new accounting standard for stock compensation. Effective January 1, 2006, the Corporation adopted the provisions of statement of financial accounting standards number 123(R) accounting for stock compensation. The effective expensing stock options in the first quarter of 2006 was $6 million before income taxes and $4 million after income taxes or $0.04 per diluted share. The expected full-year effect of expensing stock options is $30 million before income taxes and $20 million after income taxes. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the first quarter, including an increase of $143 million from changes in working capital, was $1,198,000,000. The principle use of cash was capital expenditures of $1,336,000,000. Proceeds from the Permian Basin asset sale and other items amounted to a net increase in cash of $327 million resulting in an overall net increase in cash and cash equivalents in the first quarter of $189 million. At March 31, 2006, we had $504 million of cash and cash equivalents. Our available revolving credit capacity was $1,950,000,000 at quarter end. The Corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at March 31, 2006 was 35.8% compared with 37.6% at the end of 2005. Total debt was $3,775,000,000 at March 31, 2006 and $3,785,000,000 at December 31, 2005. The Corporation has long-term debt maturities of $16 million over the remainder of 2006 and $27 million in 2007. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Operator:
Operator Instructions:
Q - Paul Sankey: Hi, good morning gentlemen.
A - John Hess: Good morning.
Q - Paul Sankey: The progress at Pony and Ouachita I think is a bit behind the schedule that you had originally set. Could you just talk a little bit about why that is and what the current expected TD date is? Thanks.
A - John Hess: Sure, Paul. Let me take a crack at that. Two different issues involved here. Let me start with Pony. In Pony, we are using a rig that came to the Gulf of Mexico, and we're very happy to have it from Southeast Asia. In Southeast Asia was operating at a much more benign environment and a much less challenging drilling issues. And while we have had absolutely no subsurface challenges of any note in getting the well to its current total depth of just over 27,000 feet, had it as you note just 32,000 feet, we had a combination of mechanical problems with the equipments together with loop currents at the location. So, that's what has accounted for the somewhat delay in reaching TD on this well. And we are currently have a case in point and will progress from here hopefully in an orderly manner. (multiple speakers) the drilling equipment has worked extremely well. We are very pleased with the performance of the rig, we and our partners. On the other hand, we have encountered substantial pressure regime changes down hole in the well which have caused us to have to attempt a number of sidetracks. Right now, we're preparing to execute sidetrack number two. So, in the one case mechanical issues which we think we have a grip of, in the other case, we are experiencing down hole pressure regimes, which by the way are not unique to this location, but where industry drilling these deep wells sub salt in the Gulf of Mexico has had similar challenges in the past.
Q - Paul Sankey: So the TD schedule now, John, looks like for both?
A - John Hess: Given the challenge of these wells, these are industry-leading depths and weight that the rigs have got to sustain. I think it's prudent frankly not to give forecasts. But unfortunately you, like us, will have to be patient until we get the results of the wells, and then we will announce them.
Q - Paul Sankey: Okay. If I could slip to a slightly wild-card question, the Lyondell-Citgo refinery for sale, I just wonder if you had any interest in expanding your refining capacity. And thats all I've got. Thanks.
A - John Rielly: We're not going to comment on anything specific in terms of whats going on in the market. Our priorities are to grow E&P and thats where the major focus of our investment is and then selectively grow our marketing activities and marketing refining.
Q - Paul Sankey: Ill leave it there. Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate of Citigroup.
Q - Doug Leggate: Thank you. Good morning.
A - John Rielly: Good morning, Doug.
Q - Doug Leggate: Couple of questions for me as well. I think we're all aware of obviously the exploration activity in the Gulf, but could you update us perhaps on the major wells drilling at site of North America? And I am particularly interested in Pangkah. I seem to remember, John O'Connor, that there was some discussion of an oil rig there, that changed the potential development plans so maybe some update there. And my second question is on costs. While you didn't have the liftings from Libya, I guess I was certainly expecting unit costs to come down a little bit with the contribution from Libya. Can you clarify whether or not the costs are from Libya are already included given that you haven't got the revenues? And if not, could you update the cost guidance please, John Rielly?
A - John Rielly: Okay, I'll start with the cost question, and then I will hand it over to John O'Connor. Yes, we did not -- while we had the production from Libya in our production numbers, we did not have a lift so the revenue associated with that lift or the income is not in our results in the first quarter. However, what we do do is to reflect the appropriate unit costs, we do include the unit costs in the income statement. So, the Libyan production costs, the Libyan DD&A are in our numbers for the first quarter. And that was part of our guidance for the full year where we said our overall unit costs without exploration would be between $17 and $19. Our cash costs were going to be between $9 and $10. So, for the first quarter we were actually right within our guidance there for the cash costs and slightly below on the DD&A, but we still think for the full year, we will be at the $17 to $19. John.
A - John O'Connor: A couple of other updates, Doug. First of all, Tubular Bells appraisal well has spurt, so thats, I know it is counter to what you're asking me but I think its a significant event so we might as well share it with you. In the international arena, some interesting wells going down. None of them really impact exploration but nonetheless we expect to have resources. In Denmark, at the north end of the South Arne field, we are conducting some positive drilling to see if there is an extension of that field, and we're sort of encourage what we're seeing so far. In Indonesia, we are involved in drilling another exploitation well, which is expanding the limits of the Jambi Merang gas prospect. And again, we've had very encouraging results from that particular well. We continue to have two rigs active in the Joint Development Area between Thailand and Malaysia. Again, exploitation type drilling where we expect to see a resource there. You have asked about Pangkah, the oil rig. We basically have the results of the two wells that we had drilled to give us confidence of the subsurface characteristics of this oil leg. And we're confident enough now that we're working and engineering -- we and our partner -- working up an engineering proposal for that development, and I would expect by the end of the year we will have obtained final investment decision and sanction to proceed with that.
Q - Doug Leggate: John, any progress on in Egypt in terms of getting for securing a rig?
A - John O'Connor: No, actually that is a misleading sort of an answer, Doug, frankly. What we are currently doing is working with partners to evaluate a number of different options for development. And quite honestly, how we proceed between the development and the multiple exploration plays which are on the block is something that affects the Salzera (phonetic) mines right now. The probability is that well go for a development plan first and secure a rig to execute that, and subsequently, we will look for a rig that is appropriate for exploration. But I caution that this is still very much a work-in-progress. We are getting our arms around the challenge of operating in West Med, had meetings with partners, had meetings with the government authorities in country and right now we have a team very actively putting together a number of options for that development stream.
Q - Doug Leggate: That's it for me. Thank you.
A - John O'Connor: Thanks Doug.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti of Goldman Sachs.
Q - Arjun Murti: Thank you. Just a few unrelated questions. Any update on the timing of sanctioning the Shenzi development? Two, can you provide just an update on how Russia is progressing? I think you expanded your position there in the fourth quarter. Just curious how production has progressed and what your plans are. And then third, what was the Gulf of Mexico volume impact in 1Q and what might be able to come back on over the remainder of this year? Thank you.
A - John O'Connor: Let me start with the last one first, and then I will probably forget the first two, Arjun. But the last one right now was about 5.5 thousand barrels a day, continues to be shot in versus pre-hurricane production levels in the Gulf of Mexico. And that is split about equally between the Garden Banks area of operations and then the shallow water production from state leases and Main Pass, Breton Sound area. We think well see the 2.5 thousand barrels a day from the deepwater production of the Garden Banks area next month. It is questionable whether or not we will retain title to all of the production in the Main Pass, Breton Sound area. We will bring back some of that production but it is not going to make a significant impact. Of the 2.5 thousand barrels a day that is shot in there perhaps well get back 1000, and as you may know, we are looking at exiting some of our assets on the Gulf Coast and in the state leases offshore.
Q - Arjun Murti: Shenzi update?
A - John O'Connor: Shenzi, the plan of development was approved by the partners in the first quarter, and development activities have already begun. Long lead items have been ordered for that development.
Q - Arjun Murti: Will you be able to book reserves this year then?
A - John O'Connor: Yes, very definitely. As to Russia, production in the first quarter averaged about 16,000 barrels a day. So, we did complete that modest corporate acquisition in the fourth quarter. And we continue to be very pleased frankly, with progress of operations there. We consolidated the acquired entity. We have everybody moving in the same direction, and our operations are profitable, and we look to see organic growth from our assets in Russia as we go forward.
Q - Arjun Murti: Do you expect to need some sort of integration there, or are you happy being a pure E&P in Russia?
A - John OConnor: I understand whats behind the question, but we are very definitely going to stay a pure E&P play there.
Q - Arjun Murti: Thank you very much.
A - John OConnor: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Enger of Petrie Parkman.
Q - Steve Enger: Good morning.
A - John Hess: Good morning.
Q - Steve Enger: A couple of questions, John, on the Libyan production impact or actually sales impact, with that lifting this quarter how do you see that going over the balance of the year as you I guess get sales ultimately closer to production? Whats that lifting likely to be? You think there will just be one in the second quarter?
A - John Rielly: Yeah, there could be two, but there may be just one lift. And I guess what we're doing is forecasting for the rest of the year in general, when we're looking at that effective tax rate is that we will catch up on our production and match the liftings to production. But you don't know. We are still early days when the transition of getting back into Oasis. So, its really difficult for us to tell you exactly how the liftings will play out for the rest of the year.
Q - Steve Enger: Sure.
A - John Hess: I'm pretty sure we had two liftings nominated and accepted for our selling our share of production in May, so, the transition from the Libyan National Oil Company running it 100% and selling all the oil is now going to where each partner gets their piece of the oil so they can sell it on their own. So, that is in process, so we should get our normal share of the 8% of production throughout the rest of the year.
Q - Steve Enger: Okay, thanks. And then another question on production, looking at 2007 with the significant projects starting up at Okume Pangkah and Phu Horm, whats your current view of the impact of those projects on 2007 production?
A - John OConnor: Steve, first of all, its way premature and we don't forecast following twelve-month production at this early stage. As a matter of fact, my expectation is that on the next conference call at midyear, we will give you an update on the outlook for 2006. But what I would tell you is that we have strategically projected production to continue on an upward trajectory in the range of 3% to 5% a year. It is not going to be that every year; some years it will be higher, some years lower but that is the sort of trajectory you should think about.
Q - Steve Enger: Right, okay, specifically on Okume, John, how quick a ramp up to peak rate would you expect?
A - John OConnor: Thats a very good question, Steve. As John said in his opening remarks, we have two drilling rigs coming into the fields in the August-September time. One tender-assisted rig to work off of the TLPs, and the jack up to drill for the conventional bottom-founded jackets. How many wells we get completed by the end of the year, guess four, and I would think we will see the ramp up then from January through the end of the first quarter from something perhaps around 25,000, 30,000 barrels a day initially, heading up to 35,000, 40,000 barrels a day gross by the end of the first quarter. And we will just have to suck it and see quite frankly because it has been some time before we've -- since we've had some drilling in the general Okume Complex area. And I think at this stage it will be wise just to see -- let's see what happens as we drill the well. But I would caution that it is a fairly large complex development. So far, we're very pleased with the progress. It is on time. It is on budget. A lot of moving parts are coming together exactly as planned and predicted. So, at this stage rather than giving any portion I would like to see how we go but we are in position to see a reasonable ramp up of production during the first four to five months, I'd say.
Q - Steve Enger: Okay, that helps. And then just one quick one on Ouachita, can you say approximately what depth you are at with that sidetrack?
A - John OConnor: Yeah, roughly speaking we're just dressing off the top of the cement job at about 5.5 thousand feet right now.
Q - Steve Enger: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Flannery of Credit Suisse.
Q - Mark Flannery: I've just got a couple of small ones. John O'Connor, did you learn anything from Barossa? Is there anything that we should be aware of there or apart from the fact that they were noncommercial quantities?
A - John OConnor: The stock answer, Mark, would be that we always learn something when we've invested in the subsurface. I think we certainly did. In this particular case, we were drilling essentially a bright spot on the flanks of the salts entity and drilling right along the side of that. So I think we did learn something with respect to seismic signals in that staffing, so yes, we have learned from that.
Q - Mark Flannery: And an unrelated question. There is a lot of CapEx pressures, or cost pressures in the industry, we're seeing some other people raising CapEx, some increases are fairly aggressive. Are you happy with your current CapEx number? Do you think you may have to revisit that in the middle of the year?
A - John OConnor: Good question. And again it is early days. We are only at the end of the first quarter, but the point of fact, we have gone over all of the elements of our program just last week. And at this stage, forecast would be pretty much in the ballpark of what we have budgeted for this year. So, at this stage we are comfortable that the number is a good number.
Q - Mark Flannery: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin of Merrill Lynch.
Q - John Herrlin: Yeah, hi just some quick ones. The Libyan production, what kind of differential will you have of mark accrued? What are you anticipating?
A - John Rielly: We haven't made our first sale yet, so after we make our sales in May, we will be happy to share that with you.
Q - John Herrlin: Okay. That's fine. You know have or you know own West Med, you're considering a range of different scenarios in terms of development. Do you have any sense or can you give any sense of what ballpark gross development costs might be?
A - John OConnor: No, that would be taking the stealing the thunder from the guys who are working on it. My expectation is they will pleasantly surprise me at the cost-effectiveness of the solution they hopefully will come up with. But to be more specific, I think this is something that is going to be worked through the year, and I don't look to see final numbers until the fourth quarter of this year. So, hopefully something that will be attractive and that would be sanctioned around the turn of the year, whether it is fourth quarter this year, first quarter next year remains to be seen.
Q - John Herrlin: Okay. That's fine. Last one for me, retail gasoline prices are up. Are you seeing any diminishment of sales at your stations?
A - John OConnor: We are not seeing any major impact on demand for our sites. As you know, we price lower than our competition. And as a consequence, I think we have a little more stable consumer base. As John Rielly noted, first quarter retail did lose money. So, we are not able to recapture the increase in wholesale prices at the pump. It is just the nature of where the market is right now but we are not seeing a major change of demand.
Q - John Herrlin: Okay, thank you. That's it for me.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Rowland of JP Morgan.
Q - Jennifer Rowland: Thanks, just two unrelated questions. First, on back to the exploration program in the Gulf of Mexico, Turtle Lake was one that you had talked about for potentially mid this year. Is that something that would be pushed off until later in the year given some of the delays you're seeing in your current prospects in the Gulf or from rig availability?
A - John OConnor: Good catch, Jennifer. Yes, Turtle Lake is actually the way we are currently looking at it, probably going to drift into the early part of 2007.
Q - Jennifer Rowland: Okay, and my second question is do you have any planned maintenance at HOVENSA for the rest of the year?
A - John Hess: Nothing major. Most of the work for this year is behind us now.
Q - Jennifer Rowland: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman, Benchmark Company.
Q - Mark Gilman: Good morning guys. I had a couple things. John Rielly, I just want to make sure I understand what you said previously regarding the Libyan accounting issues. Am I to understand that the first quarter results reflect both operating and DD&A costs for Libya but no revenues such that we've got a mismatch?
A - John Rielly: No, you got the first part of it as is what I said, I guess I could have been clear. What happens when you don't have a lift or you have an under lift will keep the cost of that production -- because we did incur the costs of the production, and we will reflect that in the income statement. So, when anybody is looking at what our unit costs are for that quarter, it appropriately reflects the cost of production. Then what we will do is in another part of the income statement is there is no revenues, is we just backout those costs and put it to inventory. So, we inventory the barrels from our under lift position and reflected on the balance sheet.
Q - Mark Gilman: Okay, and John, where in from a segment standpoint is the stock option expense going to hit? Is that going to be in the segments or in corporate?
A - John Rielly: It is spread, so it is in all three -- corporate, M&R and E&P.
Q - Mark Gilman: Okay. Could you give me an update where things stand with respect to the possible divestiture of stocks versus volumes?
A - John OConnor: We are at the very early stages of the process, Mark, so in terms of modeling I really wouldn't look to see if assuming we get an acceptable offer, anything really much close before the beginning of the fourth quarter, and that is at this stage as I said early in the process but no sooner than this.
Q - Mark Gilman: John, what is the production number on those two at this point running?
A - John OConnor: 7,000 barrels a day I believe, Mark.
Q - Mark Gilman: Combined?
A - John OConnor: Yes.
Q - Mark Gilman: John O'Connor, anything from a drilling standpoint planned on South Belud, Malaysia?
A - John OConnor: Again, we definitely would like to get back on that and we have got it in our program, we thought we would get to it the fourth quarter this year but again because of rig availability, Mark, we now are looking at the first quarter of '07.
Q - Mark Gilman: And thats strictly a rig availability issue?
A - John O'Connor: Yes.
Q - Mark Gilman: I need some help with respect to what appear to be some decline rates reflected in the results. Looking at Europe first, subtraction kind of says to me that the UK must have really plummeted in terms of liquid volumes in the first quarter. Was there any maintenance activity that contributed to that, or are we just seeing an acceleration in the decline rate?
A - John O'Connor: Yeah, it's not an acceleration in the decline rate at all. As a matter of fact, quarter-on-quarter over the 12 months, we calculated decline rate there to be about 6.5%, Mark. All of the rest of it is actually due to operational issues across a variety of fields in the North Sea. Waha for example was shut in while work was done on other downstream gathering systems that didn't affect the field. We have had individual well problems on a variety of fields but these are all operational do not speak to the subsurface in there. The declines we are seeing from these mostly smaller mature fields, not from the big fields in the North Sea, about 6.5% we estimate on the portfolio.
Q - Mark Gilman: That applies to the gas as well, John?
A - John O'Connor: Yes, it does. Yeah.
Q - Mark Gilman: Okay, and it looks to me as if Siba has potentially falling off a little bit in the first quarter. Is that accurate, and if so, has it entered a decline?
A - John O'Connor: No, it hasn't. Again, we've had modest operational issues to do with the sub sea pumps, Mark. Some we've had pump failures on and we haven't gotten the ability to replace them. So, this again is a mechanical issue, not a subsurface issue. I don't expect to see Siba coming off that for a number of years yet.
Q - Mark Gilman: Okay, just one final one. The first quarter tax rate in the foreign side, John Rielly even taking into consideration the Libyan impact, it looks a little bit lower than what it has been running in the past. Any reasoning there?
A - John Rielly: Mark, no, I mean if you look at last year where we came in last year, we are running at basically the same rate because now we didn't have a Libyan lift, so we didn't have the higher tax rate associated with Libya. And the UK supplemental tax has not been enacted and we are still expecting that in the second or third quarter. So, no, its -- there's nothing unusual in there. You always have the normal production mix which is why we always try to talk about an annual rate because you can have little changes from quarter-to-quarter but nothing unusual.
Q - Mark Gilman: Okay, when the UK thing goes into effect, that is retroactive?
A - John Rielly: Yes, it is. Goes back to January first, so we will have one at the -- I think we mentioned a non-cash deferred tax, one time hit when that comes in between $40 and $50 million. And then there will be a retroactive piece that will be charged depending on when this happens, either in the second or third quarter.
Q - Mark Gilman: Okay, guys. Thanks an awful lot.
A - John Rielly: Sure.
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Levin of Lord Abbett.
Q - Josh Levin: Good morning. Can you update us on your discussions or progress with Moody's with regards to obtaining investment-grade rating?
A - John Rielly: Yes, we continue to have discussions with all the rating agencies and with Moody's. The conversations are positive, as you would expect as our operations have been improving and our income and our financial position with our balance sheet has been improving. So, the conversations are positive. However, the decision is up to Moody's. I can't give you a time frame on when they would move up their rating. So, again, we just continue to have positive discussions with them.
Q - Josh Levin: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator:
Operator instructions:
Q - Nicole Decker: Good morning. On the wells that you are drilling in the Gulf of Mexico, I know you are drilling Pony yourself. My sense is that prolonged drilling period is having a material impact on the costs of those wells. Can you comment on that?
A - John O'Connor: Well, any time that planned duration of reaching your objective in a drilling well is prolonged, then you are incurring day costs for both the rig and support of spread. For the sake of clarity, Pony is 100% our well and therefore impacts us significantly. Ouachita by contrast, we have two partners who are paying a disproportionate amount of the costs of the well. So, while in an absolute sense, anything beyond planned time is going to costs more. In the case of the Ouachita well, we are somewhat sheltered from the full effect of that.
Q - Nicole Decker: Have you disclosed estimated drilling costs originally at Pony?
A - John O'Connor: I don't believe we have.
Q - Nicole Decker: Okay. Turtle Lake, is there a resource estimate on that prospect?
A - John O'Connor: Turtle Lake is operated by Chevron. And I think it will be better Nikki, to address the question to the operator quite frankly, I wouldn't like to get ahead of our partners there.
Q - Nicole Decker: Okay. Just finally the Venezuelan government is taking a stronger stand apparently on the markets they want to serve, any indication from your partner that production at HOVENSA may ultimately be destined for a different market?
A - John Hess: No, I think I would ask that question of the Venezuelans not as answer it for them, but our relationship with them continues to be excellent. They are honoring their supply and financial commitments, and basically are being a reliable partner in our dealings with them. So, while some of the issues that are occurring in country are what they are, remember our investment with them is offshore in the Virgin Islands. So it is really in a different perspective.
Q - Nicole Decker: Well, my concern really is for you. Have there been any assurances from your partner if I could ask in a different way, that the marketing side of that operation will not change?
A - John Hess: We have not seen any changes in their marketing of the products from that refinery.
Q - Nicole Decker: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to Jay Wilson for closing remarks.
Jay Wilson, Vice President Investor Relations: Thank you Kelly, and thank you everyone for participating in the call. And thank you again for your interest in our company.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the presentation, and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2005 Q4  (2006-01-26 08:00:00) =====
Executives: Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations John Hess, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John Rielly, SVP and Chief Financial Officer John O'Connor, President Worldwide Exploration and Production
Analysts: Arjun Murti, Goldman Sachs Bruce Lanni, AG Edwards Steve Enger, Petrie Parkman Paul Sankey, Deutsche Bank Doug Leggate, Citigroup Nicky Becker, Bear Stearns Mark Flannery, Credit Suisse Doug Terreson, Morgan Stanley Mark Gilman, Benchmark Company Jennifer Rowland, JP Morgan Daniel Barcelo, Banc of America Paul Cheng, Lehman Brothers John Herrlin, Merrill Lynch Paul Tice, Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Amerada Hess fourth-quarter earnings conference call. My name is Kelly and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to the host for today's call, Mr. Jay Wilson, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
Jay Wilson, Vice President, Investor Relations: Good morning, everyone and thank you for participating in our fourth-quarter earnings conference call. With me today are John Hess, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer; John O'Connor, President Worldwide Exploration and Production and John Rielly, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'll turn the call over to John Hess.
John Hess, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks, Jay and welcome to our fourth-quarter conference call. I would like to make a few brief comments on some key achievements of 2005 and provide some guidance for 2006. John Rielly will then review the fourth-quarter financials, after which we will take questions. In 2005 we had another strong year of operating and financial performance and we continued to make progress in advancing our field developments, building a high-impact exploration program and capturing long-term growth opportunities through several new country entries. Our 2005 corporate net income was $1.2 billion. Exploration and production earned nearly $1.1 billion and our crude oil and natural gas production averaged 335,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day. Hurricanes Katrina and Rita impacted our production by 7000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in 2005. Although our deepwater production facilities were largely undamaged, we were impacted by outages in downstream, transportation and processing infrastructure. As of the beginning of this year, we have restored 45,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day in the Gulf of Mexico, out of a prestorm total of 51,000 barrels per day. In 2006, we forecast worldwide crude oil and natural gas production to average between 360 and 380,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, including 20 to 25,000 barrels per day from Libya. Marketing and refining also had another impressive year in 2005 earning $515 million. The HOVENSA and Port Reading refineries both underwent successful turnarounds of FCC units in the first quarter and benefited from another year of strong margins. Despite a challenging hurricane season and warmer than normal winter temperatures, our retail and energy marketing businesses also performed well. Retail marketing experienced strong growth in 2005 with year-over-year average gasoline volumes per station increasing by 7% and convenience store revenue rising by 4%. In terms of exploration and production, significant progress was made in our major field developments, including three new field startups; Clair, ACG Phase I and the JDA and sanctioning the Phu Horm gas development in Thailand. Importantly, all of our major development projects continue to be on schedule and on budget. With regard to exploration, we added new acreage in Libya, Egypt, Brazil, and the deepwater Gulf of Mexico. In 2006, our drilling program includes seven high impact wells in the Gulf of Mexico. Three wildcat wells are currently drilling; Pony, Ouachita, and Barossa. Results from all three of these wells are expected in the second quarter. In addition, over the past year, we established operations in two new countries; Russia and Egypt. And most recently reentered our Waha concessions in Libya. With regard to our Samara-Nafta joint venture in Russia, in the fourth quarter, we acquired additional assets, which has brought our total investment in that country to about $400 million. On the West Med Block in Egypt, we will begin developing existing gas discoveries as well as evaluating exploration opportunities. In terms of the Waha concessions in Libya, we began booking production January 1 and will book reserves in 2006. As to year-end proved reserves, we are pleased to report that in 2005, we replaced about 140% of production at a finding, development and acquisition cost of about $13.60 per barrel. Proved reserves at year end were about 1.1 billion barrels of oil equivalent and our reserve life improved to 8.8 years marking the third consecutive year in which we have lengthened our reserve life. With regard to our financial position, as a result of the solid operating performance of our assets and the strong pricing environment in 2005, our debt to capitalization ratio improved by 3% to 37.6% at the end of the year. In 2005 our capital and exploratory expenditures amounted to $2.5 billion, of which $2.4 billion related to exploration and production activities. For 2006, our total capital expenditures are forecast to be $4 billion, which includes about $780 million for the acquisition of the West Med Block in Egypt from Apache Corporation and our reentry into Libya. Excluding acquisitions, $3.1 billion is dedicated to exploration and production with nearly half of this amount going to field developments. This higher level of spending reflects the Company's strong portfolio of organic growth projects and attractive investment opportunities. In summary, we are pleased with the performance of our assets and our organization in 2005 and remain optimistic that the investments we are making for the future will grow our reserves and production profitably and create sustainable long-term value for our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to John Rielly who will provide more detail on our financial results.
John Rielly, SVP and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, John. Hello, everyone. Our earnings release was issued this morning and it appears on our website. Please note that through a separate release, we revised supplemental pages 11 and 12 of our release to correct the summary of marketing and refining earnings. In my remarks today I will compare fourth-quarter 2005 results to the third quarter. Net income for the fourth quarter of 2005 was $452 million compared with $272 million in the third quarter. As indicated in the table on the second page of the press release, fourth-quarter earnings include several items which affect the comparability of earnings between periods. I will address these items in my comments on segment results. Turning to exploration and production. Income from exploration and production operations was $298 million in the fourth quarter of 2005, including a net gain from asset sales of $30 million and an after-tax charge of $12 million from hurricane-related costs. Income from exploration and production operations was $235 million in the third quarter of 2005, including a $14 million hurricane-related charge. Excluding these items, E&P earnings were $280 million in the fourth quarter of 2005 compared with $249 million in the third quarter. The after-tax components of the increase are as follows. Lower average crude oil selling prices decreased earnings by $30 million. Higher average natural gas selling prices increased earnings by $48 million. Crude oil and natural gas sales volumes were higher, which increased earnings by $8 million. All other items net to an increase in earnings of $5 million for an overall increase in fourth-quarter adjusted income of $31 million. The pretax amount of the hurricane-related charge is $18 million and it is recorded in production expenses in the income statement. As indicated in the press release, lost production amounted to 19,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day, which is estimated to have reduced earnings in the fourth quarter by approximately $59 million. Excluding the effect of the gain on asset sales and hurricane charge, the effective income tax rate on exploration and production earnings for the fourth quarter of 2005 was 40%. The effective rate on exploration and production operating earnings for the full year of 2005 was 42%. The estimated 2006 effective income tax rate is expected to be 50% to 52%. This increase reflects an additional 10% supplementary tax in the United Kingdom and the estimated impact of our Libyan operations. There will also be a onetime charge of approximately 40 to $50 million from the adjustment of deferred income tax liabilities when the new United Kingdom tax is enacted, which is expected to be in the second or third quarter. The additional deferred tax adjustment is not included in the 2006 effective rate I referred to. The after-tax impact of crude oil hedges reduced fourth-quarter 2005 earnings by $268 million compared with a cost of $294 million in the third quarter. Outstanding hedges on 2006 production amounted to 30,000 barrels per day. The press release provides details on future production that is hedged and the related contract prices. The after-tax deferred hedge loss included in accumulated other comprehensive income at December 31, 2005 amounted to $1.3 billion. In October 2005, the Corporation announced that it had reached an agreement to acquire a 55% working interest in a concession with natural gas discoveries offshore Egypt for approximately $413 million. The Corporation also announced the sale of certain producing properties located in the Permian Basin in West Texas and New Mexico. The Corporation estimates that it will record an after-tax gain of $160 to $180 billion in the first quarter on the sale of the Permian assets. Turning to marketing and refining. Marketing and refining earnings were $229 million in the fourth quarter of 2005 compared with $125 million in the third quarter. Fourth-quarter earnings include an after-tax benefit from the partial liquidation of LIFO inventories of $25 million and an after-tax charge of $8 million from the Calpine bankruptcy. The pretax amounts of these items are recorded in cost of products sold and marketing expenses respectively. Refining earnings consisting of HOVENSA and Port Reading operations, interest income on the PDVSA note and other miscellaneous items were $83 million in the fourth quarter of 2005 compared with $144 million in the third quarter. The Corporation's share of HOVENSA's income after income taxes of $26 million was $41 million in the fourth quarter compared with $93 million in the third quarter. Port Reading earnings amounted to $38 million in the fourth quarter compared with 48 million in the third. After-tax interest income on the PDVSA note amounted to $3 million in both the fourth and third quarters. The balance of the PDVSA note at December 31 was $212 million and principal and interest payments are current. Excluding the LIFO gain and bankruptcy charge, marketing operations had income of $114 million in the fourth quarter of 2005. Marketing operations had a loss of $22 million in the third quarter of 2005 partially due to lower margins from the high cost of posthurricane product supply. The fourth-quarter improvement was primarily due to higher refined product margins and sales volumes. After-tax trading income amounted to $15 million in the fourth quarter of 2005 compared with $3 million in the third quarter. Turning to corporate. Net corporate expenses were $41 million in the fourth quarter of 2005, including an after-tax charge of $19 million for premiums on bond repurchases. Net corporate expenses amounted to $54 million in the third quarter of 2005. The third-quarter results include an income tax provision of $31 million relating to the repatriation of foreign earnings to the United States under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004. Excluding the bond repurchase premiums and tax charge, net corporate expenses were comparable in each period. Turning to cash flow. Net cash provided by operating activities in the fourth quarter, including a decrease of $363 million from changes in working capital, was $289 million. The principal use of cash was capital expenditures of $724 million, which resulted in a net decrease in cash and short-term investments in the fourth quarter of $435 million. At December 31, 2005 we had $325 million of cash and short-term investments. Our available revolving credit capacity was $1.9 billion at year end. The Corporation's debt to capitalization ratio at December 31, 2005 was 37.6% compared with 40.7% at the end of 2004. Total debt was 3.785 million at December 31, 2005 and 3,835 million at December 31, 2004. The Corporation has debt maturities of $26 million in 2006 and $28 million in 2007. This concludes my remarks. We will be happy to answer any questions. I will now turn the call over to the operator.
Questions & Answers:
Operator:
Operator Instructions: Your next question comes from the line of Arjun Murti with Goldman Sachs.
Q - Arjun Murti: A couple of unrelated questions. First, any price-related revision impact on the reserve numbers that you highlighted and then secondly, now that you own Egypt, can you make any comments in terms of timing of when that may start up and any updated estimates on what it may cost to develop that? Thank you.
A - John Hess: Price effects on the PSCs were a net reduction of 34 million barrels that was offset to the extent of about plus 8 million barrels as a result of taking year-end pricing for taxable exploration and production year-end reserves.
Q - Arjun Murti: A 22 negative net impact?
A - John Hess: Exactly.
Q - Arjun Murti: On Egypt, John, any comment?
A - John OConnor: On Egypt, we have really just in the past ten days begun to get our hands around the base data and have our technology people look into a myriad of opportunities that we see there. So it's a little premature to talk about development plans yet. We are going to be working diligently and quickly and effectively over the next couple of quarters to come up with an acceptable development plan for ourselves, for our partners and for the Egyptian authorities.
Q - Arjun Murti: Egypt had an old estimate of I think around $1 billion to develop it and I know that the gas price in Egypt tends to be somewhat fixed and with higher day rates and service costs you would expect a higher number. But I think you also may be looking at more than just a development plan that Apache had cited. So there may be additional development opportunities or LNG opportunities that can mitigate some cost impact. Is that fair?
A - John OConnor: You are touching on a number of the variables that we're studying right now. Remember that one of the key appeals to us of the equity in the West Med Block is the exploration potential we saw on seismic in the data room. Now we're just getting the basic data, having our explorationists look over it and firm up wildcat opportunities on the block. So the first order of business basically is to get a better understanding of the total resource base on the block. As you also allude to, contract pricing and modes of selling the gas also need to be evaluated in consultation with partners and with the Egyptian authorities.
Q - Arjun Murti: That's very helpful. Thank you, John.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bruce Lanni with AG Edwards.
Q - Bruce Lanni: Good morning, John. How are you? Just a couple of quick questions. Could you give some further clarity on your 2005 reserve booking as follows? You said 140 reserve replacement. What percent of that is organic versus acquisition? Secondly, can you break it down between international and U.S. and do the same possibly for the finding and development costs?
A - John OConnor: I'll have a shot at that, Bruce, but let me just presage the commentary by saying that our strategy is to grow through the drill bit supplemented by acquisitions where we believe that creates value. So that's why we talk about replacement costs overall on the order of $13.5 a barrel. Having said that and recognizing that organic bookings tend to be lumpy, book some one year, perhaps more in another year, we are certainly seeing that potential effect. The organic number from the total bookings was about 68%. Of the total that we reported to you, the 176 million barrels, which goes to the 140% replacement rate, the U.S. accounted for about 25 million barrels of that, Europe 124, Africa, Asia and other 26. And that is net of the price-related adjustments for PSCs.
Q - Bruce Lanni: And are you allowed to elaborate a little bit more on what the major bookings were in these areas, which fields you booked?
A - John OConnor: This is the way we would prefer to report the numbers by those major groupings. That is how we're going to report it later on in the year when we make the formal filing. So I would rather leave it in those groupings.
Q - Bruce Lanni: But going into '06 you did make the comment that Libya has yet to be booked and will be booked this year, correct?
A - John OConnor: That's correct. Also remember we did not book Shenzi in '05. We had anticipated bookings Shenzi in '06. We have other developments still to be booked.
Q - Bruce Lanni: Excellent. Great quarter, guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Enger with Petrie Parkman.
Q - Steve Enger: John, you talked a little bit about the strong marketing quarter, the retail quarter. Was there anything unusual? I think you, if I got it down correctly, talked about 15 million in after-tax trading profits in the fourth quarter. Is that right?
A - John Hess: That's correct.
Q - Steve Enger: And that's included in the 114 for marketing?
A - John Rielly: The trading number actually is reported separately. So I think overall, let me just make sure I.
Q - Steve Enger: That is not the energy marketing that you included..
A - John Rielly: The energy marketing is included in the marketing and again, if we just look over the first nine months of the year, our marketing business was fighting the rising crude price environment. So obviously there was a squeeze on margins there in the first nine months. You see the easing of the crude prices in the fourth quarter. We obviously benefited from that from a margin standpoint and then also from the demand, you can see the volumes in our press release. Our volumes were up significantly as well in the fourth quarter. So with the increase in volumes and the improved margins, that was the driver for the marketing earnings.
Q - Steve Enger: You guys did a lot better in that segment than our correlations would indicate based on the geography and the markers that we use. But there is not anything else unusual impacting that fourth-quarter result?
A - John Rielly: No. Again, you have the LIFO gain out and then we did have the charge for the Calpine bankruptcy.
Q - Steve Enger: And then switching gears, you guys have been talking about Gassi El Agreb in Algeria for a number of years and I've kind of lost track with where you are at there and can you talk a little bit about the recent history and where production rate is, what you're going to be doing? That is one of the projects you have highlighted spending money on in 2006 and where that production might go?
A - John OConnor: You're right. It is an ongoing story, Gassi El Agreb, but an ongoing success story. We did talk last year about going to Phase II of the development. So the initial thrust was basically infill drilling, some exploitation drilling and some recovery of existing production facilities in the three fields concerned. We took over the fields from production. Gross production was on the order of 20 to 25,000 barrels a day. The fields are currently producing on the order 58,000 barrels a day and we are into phase II of the expansion project. In total, with our partners, we're looking at investments on the order of $900 million now, very attractive. We have got a favorable PSC by comparison with others and the project is on track and on budget. This involves installing compressors, power generation, new oil and gas transfer lines and flow lines and continued drilling in the field. I would also say that we have found some sweet spots in the fields that have not been anticipated initially and that is contributing to the success of the project.
Q - Steve Enger: What do you think peak rate may be there, John?
A - John OConnor: It's a good question. I guess the real interest to us obviously is the operation of the PSC. So the gross rate.
Q - Steve Enger: That's even better.
A - John OConnor: I would need your projection on crude prices to come up with the PSC impact. So we tend to look at gross as a measure of how well we're doing with respect to redoing the fields and revamping. But I would say at this stage, the current 58 or so thousand barrels a day going to 70,000 barrels a day in a couple of years.
Q - Steve Enger: And last quick one for me back on reserve replacement details. Europe 124 and then BOE. Can you say how much is included there from purchases?
A - John OConnor: Yes. Let me go to the net ads, Steve, because it's easier to do the math that way. So we started the year at 1,000,000,046 and we're ending the year at 1,000,000,093, which production nets out 125 and sales of property is three. Price revisions resulted in a net decrease of 26. We added 52 million barrels for discoveries and extensions, 58 million barrels for technical revisions and 90 million barrels from acquisitions.
Q - Steve Enger: Great. And essentially that 90 million is probably all in the Europe geographic segment.
A - John OConnor: Yes it is.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Sankey with Deutsche Bank.
Q - Paul Sankey: Just more on the marketing if you don't mind. I noticed that your sales of distillates and residuals were up very strongly. What was the driver of that?
A - John Hess: Well actually our sales are up across the board. Our retail business actually grew in our number of outlets from about 1254 to 1354. So the retail business is part of it. We also had some spot sales in the quarter. That is part of it across the board. And our refineries actually in the fourth quarter ran at a higher rate in HOVENSA. So we had some more product because of that.
Q - Paul Sankey: Great. And what I'm trying to get towards here is some kind of a normalized number given the volatility in that segment. What.?
A - John Hess: Well as you can well appreciate the fourth quarter because of the aftermath of the hurricane was hardly normal. So if you normalize it, I think the best thing to do is let's start with a fresh book in the first quarter. You know the first quarter though refining margins have come down some and also we are experiencing a very warm January. So it is hard to normalize when you are depending upon the weather factor.
Q - Paul Sankey: That's what I'm thinking because obviously with the loss in Q3 it doesn't make it any easier for us to try and get to an ongoing number. Suffice it to say how is the quarter so far turning out in relation to what we saw last year?
A - John Hess: As you are well aware, we can't lean forward like that. I am just trying to comment on where we are today. Our operations are running well but because it is warmer than last year now and warmer than normal, obviously that is going to impact some of our results both in the refining area and marketing area.
Q - Paul Sankey: Okay. Thanks for that. If I could go back to first of all exploration. John, could you give us the latest on drilling progress and any other big news flow that you've got coming for '06?
A - John OConnor: Okay, Paul. Let me start with Barossa. That is currently drilling at 6.5 thousand feet. Ouachita has just recently set 16 inch liner at 12.5 thousand feet and Pony has reached current section depth of 23,900 feet. And I think the answer to the second question is in the first.
Q - Paul Sankey: Great. Thanks a lot. And finally for me on the F&D costs, what would be, is there any more that you can give us in the terms of the way you've broken down the additions in terms of F&D costs and perhaps any outlook that you've got for that would be great?
A - John Hess: No, I don't think it's really helpful, Paul, to go any further than the numbers we have given. You have the organic numbers. You have the acquisition numbers. You have the acquisition volume. So I think that is pretty transparent. Going forward, I mean obviously we would expect and hope to do better this year but a number of factors are obviously out of our control both in terms of how the numbers fall together through the year and what the costs do from the service sector in terms of the activities we have got this year. But I would say this. We would expect to be able to modestly reduced FD&A numbers in 2006. That's just a guess at this stage and an ambition I suppose.
Q - Paul Sankey: Thanks for your help.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Leggate with Citigroup.
Q - Doug Leggate: A couple of questions. I guess first on the cost increases. We saw some reasonable movement in the upstream costs in the fourth quarter. Can you just walk us through what those were and maybe how you would expect those costs to pan out over the next year?
A - John Rielly: Sure. In the fourth quarter, first thing I just want to make sure that you do exclude the special items. So you have the hurricane charge and the pretax amount of that of $18 million is coming in the production cost. So if you exclude those costs, production costs did increase approximately $30 million from the third quarter and the production costs don't always just work variable with production because you have got maintenance and work over costs and so just due to the timing of some of that maintenance and work over cost that fell in the fourth quarter. Production mix does have something to do with it. We had higher transportation costs in the fourth quarter and there definitely is an impact to some of our start-up activities. We are getting back into Libya now. We are getting into Egypt, as John O'Connor mentioned. So we are starting work on those assets there as well as well as Russia. So when you put all those together, that really contributed to the increase. For the full year if I could just point out from a unit cost type standpoint and I'm excluding exploration from this because obviously that is a decision on how we want to expend our exploration dollars in our portfolio. Our cash costs amounted to $9 for the year. That is our overall production cost in G&A associated with our production. Our DD&A was $7.89. So we came to about $16.90 for 2005. Our guidance for 2006 and again taking into some of the factors the John O'Connor spoke about, our cash costs on our guidance are going to be between 9 and $10 is what we see as our cash costs for production. As far as DD&A, we see between 8 and $9. So for an overall unit cost between 17 and $19 for 2006.
Q - Doug Leggate: That's very clear. Let me move onto the production guidance that you've given us. John O'Connor, you mentioned that obviously it depends on what your oil price assumption is. So what kind of assumptions are you using for the production range you've given us? I imagine there is some sensitivity to that from PSCs.
A - John Rielly: Actually for us you do see the sensitivities on the barrels because some of our PSC contracts are long-life production arrangements and so you do get a little bit more effect on the reserves. In 2005, it is under 5000 barrels a day related to the PSC and so from a pure price standpoint, there is not a real effect in our forecast there.
Q - Doug Leggate: Could you walk us through the main drivers? The one I'm specifically interested in is the JDA stocks up on time. I think there was some issue of delaying that contract to the end of last year?
A - John OConnor: Let me try to address that. The contract really in formal terms starts the first of January 2006 and then there was a side agreement for early gas, which the buyers and sellers contracted to in the fourth quarter of 2005 with a take-or-pay volume. The volumes were not taken so take-or-pay is incurred. The buyers acknowledge that. The sellers, i.e. ourselves and Petronas Carigali, have had discussions with the buyers as plain vanilla straightforward. The way the mechanism works is they will pay us and then they have entitlement over the 20 year life of the contract to take those additional volumes once they are taking minimum daily contract quantities as contracted. So that is all plain vanilla straightforward and that is the undertake from 2005. As to the contract for 2006, the contract volumes basically lie in the range of 350 million cubic feet a day for minimum contract quantity to just over 400 million cubic feet a day for max and we speak in terms of 390 as average daily contract quantity. The average that the buyers have taken thus far through today's date is 320 million cubic feet a day. There have been days when they have taken 400. We have the well and processing capacity offshore to meet all their requirements. The plant is running well. As with all new plants, it has occasional tweaks, which result in reduction of throughputs from day-to-day. But all indications are that the buyers are taking at the contract quantities and we're very pleased with how they have put in place their processing and take arrangements.
Q - Doug Leggate: Thanks, John. Just one final one. What is the contribution you expect from Russia this year with the additional acquisitions?
A - John OConnor: We're talking about 15,000 barrels a day average through the year. It does vary seasonally from the far frozen winter to the warmer summers. So it is quite seasonal in terms of moving the production out to market. But average included in the number of the range that we gave you, 360 to 380 is about 15,000 barrels a day. I think that contrasts with about 7000 barrels a day on average for the period of 2005.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Nicky Becker with Bear Stearns.
Q - Nicky Becker: Thanks for the additional detail on the marketing. Just to really irritate you, I wonder if we could get some numbers on what the marketing margins look like just for modeling purposes.
A - John Rielly: No, we don't go to that level of detail.
Q - Nicky Becker: Just switching to the upstream, your tax rate on the upstream was a little lower than we had modeled in. What does that reflect? Is that the repatriation?
A - John Rielly: No, it is not, Nicky. When we try to give guidance on our effective tax rate, we try to give it on a yearly basis. So at the beginning of the year, we said we would have a tax rate of between 43 to 45% and we came in for the year at 42. What happens is from quarter-to-quarter, it really does, the production mix does impact us as various countries with very different rates and so the mix will just come in differently quarter-to-quarter but average out through the year. So in the fourth quarter, when we exclude these special items, we came in at 40%, just slightly below our guidance and then we came in at 42 for the year. But there is really nothing unusual in the quarter except production mix.
Q - Nicky Becker: And so how do we look at 2006?
A - John Rielly: Now in 2006, as I mentioned earlier, we will have a significant step up in our effective tax rate. We are giving guidance of 50 to 52% and again that reflects the Libyan operations now starting up on January 1 with a much higher tax rate and also we are expecting the U.K. to implement the supplementary tax announcement that they made somewhere in the second or third quarter but still being retroactive to January 1. When you combine those two tax increases if you want to stay in our portfolio will come to about a 50 to 52% effective rate.
Q - Nicky Becker: Okay. So obviously that ramps up towards the end of the year?
A - John Rielly: No, it will start up, Libya is starting up, as John Hess mentioned earlier, right on January 1. We're booking production right from that. So it is going to start up right away on the Libyan. You are right on the U.K. The U.K. could start up in the second quarter or the third. So depending on when that comes in, that is when we'll get the full effect of that rate increase.
Q - Nicky Becker: Thanks. That's very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Flannery with Credit Suisse.
Q - Mark Flannery: I have two questions. One, John, is on rig availability. I think John Hess mentioned that there are seven essential high impact wells to be drilled in 2006. Three of them are obviously drilling so they have rigs. What is on rigs for the other four? Are you having a problem or is that all contracted out?
A - John OConnor: Without being complacent, Mark, I think we are in relatively good shape for 2006 and indeed as we project forward for 2007. You may recall that we contracted the Ocean Baroness, a 15K 2 million pound hook load capable rig, which is currently drilling the Pony well. We also have the Voyager. We also have the Max Smith. So certainly for all of the Gulf of Mexico work we are covered. I think the area where we are uncovered is the opportunities we have in the Mediterranean. As I mentioned earlier, the prospects that we see and are firming up and generating in West Med together with some expectation around the turn of the year late '06, early '07, we would like to be in a position and have the equipment to drill the first wildcat block 54 offshore Libya. The seismic acquisition there is essentially complete and once we've processed and interpreted, our thoughts will turn to working with our partners in Libya to a particular location and securing the equipment and going ahead to build the wildcat. So at this stage, the wells that John talked about, the high impact wells in the Gulf of Mexico are covered between ourselves and our partners. That's not to say that there won't be some movement around with respect to timing as current programs impact both ourselves and our partners. But in terms of having contracted the equipment, I think we are in acceptable shape and a little coverage for the Mediterranean is what we're now looking for.
Q - Mark Flannery: And just a quick one on gas prices. I realize gas prices were pretty strong for you this quarter. Is that simply a bid weekend effect or 1175 in Mcf I think for the U.S. gas, which is above the benchmark level. Normally you come in just below. Is that just because of the crazy movements during the quarter?
A - John Rielly: Well for the U.S., actually in our differentials, as we look at it, came in right around where we would expect it. So we usually do come in slightly below it and I am not sure exactly what benchmark you're looking at. We are seeing that we came in slightly below our benchmark and so there really wasn't that much of a change. Now the only thing that impacted us a little in the fourth quarter is the hurricanes. So we had some of our gas that is just offshore being shut in, as John Hess had mentioned, which can affect our differential a little bit. But we didn't see any big swings from that.
A - John Hess: As you know, two big drivers of gas price in our revenue stream are the U.S. and the U.K., which were very strong at the end of the year. So that had a big impact on what we realized.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Doug Terreson with Morgan Stanley.
Q - Doug Terreson: Congratulations on another great quarter. John, you may have touched on this and it may be too early to know the answer anyway but from the starting point in Libya this year of about 45,000 barrels per day, which I think was the number you used, I wanted to see if you could relay your initial projections for output growth for instance during 2006, 2008 if you have an idea at this point?
A - John OConnor: Doug, hi. Actually I think that perhaps you misheard what John talked about with respect to Libya. In point of fact, at this stage, we are estimating because we don't have actual real life data. A range of 20 to 25,000 barrels a day being our share. This comes off a nominal advice to us from our partners, the National Oil Company, that the total production from the Oasis concessions are around 350,000 barrels a day. Our entitlement is a little over 8% hence the number that we're working with right now. We expect as processes fall into place, we have production accounting information, we will come up with a firmer number but for now I think that is a good number. It's in the range of 20 to 25. That is what we're carrying in the range of production volumes we provided for this year. If there is any material adjustment to that we will advises. I don't expect that there will be. As to the growth projections, I think that we and our Oasis partners and the NOC will probably spend much of this year trying to get reality and firm business plans with respect to the growth opportunities. Clearly the growth opportunities are there and we have spoken to this on previous calls both in the existing production asset base and in exploration and in development of undeveloped but discovered resources on the concession areas. So we are looking to future growth projections but we have not projected them yet internally until we deal with hard facts on the ground.
Q - Doug Terreson: Thanks for clearing that up. Congratulations again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Gilman with Benchmark Company.
Q - Mark Gilman: Guys, good morning. A couple of questions if I could please. Just sticking with Libya for a moment, John O'Connor, I wonder if you could talk about what an unrelieved decline rate looks like with respect to the Waha field and also what level of capital spending you might envision for Libya this year and whether it is in the budget as specified?
A - John OConnor: You're actually asking a tricky question with respect to unrelieved decline rate because that assumes that we have our arms around the work over activity, infill drilling activity, etc., etc. What I would say is that we use, as you know, GNMs to do our reserve calculations to come up with current numbers. What we have gone to is our historical records from those fields, taken those decline curves and projected them forward. So at this stage, until we get our arms around ongoing costs, now we know from our conversations with our partners, the NOC operating the fields very effectively in our absence since '86, that this is low-cost production. Also that the philosophy of Libyan resource management is modest depreciation or decline of production with respect to the underlying reserve base. So although I have not seen and I don't have data on the actual field declines related to capital, we will get that and hopefully by first quarter, second quarter conference call again to give you some insight into that market.
Q - Mark Gilman: The spending level?
A - John OConnor: Given the fact that our share of the spend now becomes 8%, it's really, really quite modest. I think we have got an immaterial 20 to $25 million as the plug number in the budget for this year.
Q - Mark Gilman: I wonder if I could go back to the reserve replacement for just a minute. What is in the technical revisions category? Where is that sourced to and I assume Phu Horm is booked as a discovery and extension?
A - John OConnor: You assume correct. Ask me the question again, Mark.
Q - Mark Gilman: What is the source of the technical revisions? What areas, what fields, John?
A - John OConnor: North Sea and the U.S. and also West Africa.
Q - Mark Gilman: The production number that John Hess quoted for '06 is frankly a little bit lower than what we're looking for. Are you assuming Llano goes into decline this year?
A - John OConnor: We have given Llano a little bit of a moderate reduction in volumes by comparison with last year because our models indicate that we should see modest ingress of water in the existing wells.
Q - Mark Gilman: With respect to the shut-in production numbers, can you split out between oil and gas the 19,000 in the fourth quarter and if I interpreted your comments correctly, the 6000 shut-in as of the first of this year?
A - John OConnor: The shut-in with respect to the beginning of the year is actually about 5000. I think we talked about 45 restored versus 51 prior. I think if you expect normal field declines in the offshore, the true comparison post the shut-in time would be 45 versus 50. So you're looking at a range of 5, of which 2.5 is predominantly net gas in the Main Pass/Breton Sound area and 2.5 is predominantly oil in the deepwater offshore.
Q - Mark Gilman: And relative to the 19 in the fourth quarter, John.
A - John OConnor: Nineteen in the fourth quarter? That would've been predominantly oil because it would have been contributed predominantly by our 20 TBD oil equivalent that's predominantly oil from Llano, which only came back on the 27th of November.
Q - Mark Gilman: Just one more if I could. The U.S. DD&A rate in the fourth quarter looked very low to us. Was there an adjustment of any kind built into that?
A - John OConnor: John Rielly is going to talk about the market.
A - John Rielly: No, there's no adjustment. Again you have to look at the mix and as John mentioned, Llano was offline in the fourth quarter and so Llano is deepwater asset, has some purchase cost also associated with it. So that is the only change. Again it is just pure production there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jennifer Rowland with JP Morgan.
Q - Jennifer Rowland: Another question on the production guidance. When you've given your capital spending guidance a couple of weeks ago, there was a significant increase in the capital associated with production for the upstream. I'm just wondering if you could quantify of your guidance range for '06 production, how much of that relates to either accelerated drilling or just opportunities that you see at the existing fields that would explain the higher increase on the production CapEx? If you could just bring it back to the guidance that would be helpful?
A - John OConnor: Very difficult to bring production volumes to capital spend because of the time lags that occur between the spend and the production obviously. I mean some of the key moving factors in production in '06 versus '05 will be the addition of the 20 to 25,000 barrels a day from Libya from the beginning of the year, about 120 million cubic feet a day net to us or say 20,000 barrels per stream day from the first of April for the streaming of the Atlantic Cromarty net gas production in the U.K. sector of the North Sea together with a full year of production of contract volumes from the JDA. So those are the three big pluses. There are obviously some modest pluses elsewhere from the fields that started up in the first quarter of '05, namely Clair, ACG Phase I, those being the two main contributors. If we now turn for a second to the production increases and where is it coming from. It is up above 460 million year on year. Of that, some of it is definitial change. For example, last year, Gassi El Agreb was in the development stage and so the expenditure there was in development. We have now moved it into production and that adds about $100 million or so to that particular area. We continue to develop Valhall but now the stage of development of Valhall is such that we now include that under the development or the production grouping. So that is part of it. So the work is the same. It is categorized in different buckets so to speak. Russia of course is a new ad really as we get our arms around the expanded asset set there. We're up in deepwater. We are up in Saba, in Bara, South Arne, Schiehallion and number of other opportunities. I would say with respect to production as a whole what this investment does in the mature fields is it reduces the rate of decline which otherwise might occur. So it does help with the foundation.
Q - Jennifer Rowland: Okay. That's very helpful. Just a question on Port Reading. This is the second quarter in a row where you've posted some pretty strong results from Port Reading versus history. So I'm wondering if there have been any changes there, if you're seeing efficiency gains from some work that you may have done there or is that just solely margins.
A - John Hess: It's really three pieces. Yes, with the turnaround we did at the beginning of the year, we did get some improvement in conversion and ability to have a little more flexibility in peak stocks and also run at a higher rate. So that was number one. Number two, during the year, we did run at higher levels because of that and number three, we had a strong margin environment. So all of that together made a bigger contribution in 2005.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Barcelo with Banc of America.
Q - Daniel Barcelo: I think you touched on the U.K. a bit before but I didn't know if you could expand a little bit about your exposure there to nat gas and specifically what percentage of the sales would really be under contract versus spot and the contract, the timing of it, is it more of a monthly contract in timing? And then also in the North Sea, any update on the timing for Atlantic Cromarty, which I understand to be starting in late first quarter?
A - John Rielly: On the marketing of natural gas, over 60% or so of our sales right now before Atlantic Cromarty are exposed to the spot market. The balance being the longer term.
Q - Daniel Barcelo: The timing for Atlantic Cromarty.
A - John Hess: Atlantic Cromarty, John will handle.
A - John OConnor: Atlantic Cromarty is currently in the commissioning stage. We're past mechanical completion. We expect first gas towards the end of March.
Q - Daniel Barcelo: And one other quick question on the cash flow statement. It seems that working capital movements were perhaps bigger than what I would have expected. I didn't know if you can give any color on that.
A - John Rielly: It's just again timing of working capital. If you looked last year we got a positive increase from working capital for the year. This year it is a decrease. There is nothing unusual and you should expect some of that to reverse in the first six months or so of next year. But that is just normal changes. As prices go up we get a little bit more of an impact on working capital, decreasing cash flow. But again it is just pure timing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Cheng with Lehman Brothers.
Q - Paul Cheng: Congratulations on a good quarter. I know that it's probably a bit premature but, John, whether you can give us a rough idea of what is the unit operating cost for that. I know that there is no cost but any number that you can share?
A - John Rielly: In Libya, I mean I can't give you any specifics right now, as John O'Connor was saying, they are really still getting their arms around what they are going to do and how they're going to develop the current production and obviously the discoveries. So it is a relatively lower cost producing area and so it is included, as I told you, the cash costs for next year of that 9 to $10. We do have Libya factored into that.
Q - Paul Cheng: Right. But you must have a number that you assume.
A - John Rielly: Yes, we do have a number. But again we're early days on Libya. Like we said, we have only $20 billion of CapEx associated in there. So again from a standpoint, it is lower than the 9 to $10 range but until we get specifics and really get our hands around the development, I'd really rather not say anything at this point.
Q - Paul Cheng: And John, when you are talking about a onetime hit in the U.K. tax increase that defers a 40, 50 million by the second quarter, is that a hit just on the cash flow or is the hit actually on the income statement also?
A - John Rielly: It is a non-cash charge that will be on the income statement and all we are doing is setting our deferred tax liabilities that were now set at 40%. With the additional 10% we have to put it to the deferred tax liability at a 50% tax rate. So again, it is just a non-cash charge that will come in on our income statement but it was not included in that effective rate I quoted earlier.
Q - Paul Cheng: When exactly is that income tax increase actually being activated or exercised by the U.K. government? That's why you don't know whether it is the second or third quarter.
A - John Rielly: Exactly. It actually requires royal ascent. So whenever that does happen is when we will record it.
Q - Paul Cheng: John, wondering if you can give us maybe some color in terms of what is the heating oil contribution in the fourth quarter in the wholesale operation and wholesale operation, I assume you're recording in your marketing results?
A - John Rielly: I'm sorry. I didn't understand, could you repeat that question?
Q - Paul Cheng: In the fourth quarter, you have residential heating oil and I think the margin there is very good. I am wondering if you can give us an idea out of the 114 million, how much is related to the home heating oil business and also the wholesale margin I believe in the fourth quarter has jumped quite substantially. I want to see if the wholesale profit you are seeing under the refining or under the marketing and how much is that roughly?
A - John Hess: Paul, as you're probably not aware, we don't sell residential heating oil but we do sell it wholesale to distributors who in turn sell it to the homeowner.
Q - Paul Cheng: That's what I'm referring to.
A - John Hess: Incrementally we did have some increased sales of heating oil during the quarter and as a consequence, part of our increase in our sales was because of that.
Q - Paul Cheng: John, any kind of number that is a 10, 20, 30 million benefit because heating oil margin is pretty strong for your business I think during the winter?
A - John Rielly: Well quite frankly right now with the weather being anemic, it actually works the other way. But part of the results definitely were impacted by increased sales and increased margins in the aftermath of the hurricane and some of the profits we got in the marketing division were because of it.
Q - Paul Cheng: And John, how about wholesale? You said wholesale is being recorded in the marketing or just..
A - John Rielly: That is in the marketing.
Q - Paul Cheng: That is in the marketing.
Q - Paul Cheng: John, wondering for the 360 to 380,000 barrel per day for 2006 forecast, can you, pardon me. I came in a little bit late and maybe you already did, can you give us a rough breakdown between oil and gas and also by region?
A - John Rielly: Paul, if you don't mind, if we could do that with Jay Wilson after the call. We will get into that detail.
Q - Paul Cheng: I will do that. And final one, Pony, is it still going to be finished by March?
A - John OConnor: Based on the spud date, Paul, and the estimated time to TD, it should be. You are drilling in one of the deepest targets ever drilled in the Gulf of Mexico. So far be it from me to forecast when it will be completed but the plan is to have it down to TD by the end of March.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Herrlin with Merrill Lynch.
Q - John Herrlin: Just one quick one. There's a fair number of leases that are going to be relinquished in the Gulf of Mexico this year. Are you going to get more aggressive with you deepwater program here and that's it for me?
A - John OConnor: John, you know we have an ongoing multi-year program to both build and maintain an appropriate inventory of opportunities in the Gulf of Mexico and in other prospective basins around the world. We have a high-class, high-quality team working the Gulf of Mexico. We are always aware of which leases are coming up for relinquishment and where we believe there may be prospectivity and we look at all leases available frankly in the Gulf of Mexico and high grade the ones we think we want to go after at the lease sales.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Paul Tice with Lehman Brothers.
Q - Paul Tice: Good morning. Just a handful of questions. I've got your full year production guidance. Any guidance range that you'd like to provide for the first quarter of '06?
A - John Rielly: No, not at this point. And again, as John O'Connor mentioned, we do have the Atlantic Cromarty that's going to start somewhere in we're saying right now at the beginning of the second quarter. You don't know. Some of these could come in earlier. So we would rather not say anything about the first-quarter guidance on this. Again we're still getting our arms around Libya at this point. I'd rather not just yet.
A - John OConnor: It's early days.
Q - Paul Tice: And just second operating question, in the first quarter of '06, can you just walk us quickly through the project milestones? I know there's a sail away target for Okume, anything else to be looking for?
A - John OConnor: Well Okume of course is the major project that is occupying the front of our mind right now in this quarter. We have a heavylift vessel en route to Equatorial Guinea, which will help with the installation. We have the central facilities, jacket, we have the satellite jackets loaded out on barges and they are getting ready to set sail. TLPs have been formally launched in Pusan in Korea and they are in the water. They will be making their way through. So what I would say is we have a lot of tip on the water right now and it is going to be making its way. Sail times from the Gulf of Mexico 30 to 35 days to West Africa, roughly the same, a little bit longer from South Korea. So March, April are going to be very busy months with a lot of activity going on in the waters offshore Equatorial Guinea and that's where we are primarily concentrating that. That is not to say we don't have construction ongoing elsewhere. We do. We have construction on the ground in Northeast Thailand in Chumphon. We have construction on the ground and offshore at Pangkah, all in the construction stage right now.
Q - Paul Tice: And then just two quick ones for John Rielly. John, in the last quarter, it looks like you repurchased about 497 million of bonds. But if I look at your debt balance it was unchanged. Was that all because of the working capital requirement?
A - John Rielly: No it wasn't. As we said earlier in the year, we were repatriating foreign earnings in accordance with the American Jobs Creation Act and what was happening was we had $1.9 billion to be allowed to be repatriated under the law and we had talked about this that we were going to fund that from cash flow as much as possible but then to also get up to the 1.9 billion we may need some foreign debt. That is what happened. So we took out some foreign debt to help with the repatriation and then we paid down just the same amount of U.S. debt. So that is the reason why the debt level stayed the same, which was along with our guidance that we gave earlier in the year.
Q - Paul Tice: The foreign debt is bank debt?
A - John Rielly: Yes, it is on the revolver.
Q - Paul Tice: It is on the revolver?
A - John Rielly: Yes.
Q - Paul Tice: Okay. And then around your 2006 CapEx plan, how is that going to breakdown quarterly? Is that going to be fairly evenly split through the four quarters or is it going to be lumpy?
A - John Rielly: Well it'll be lumpy to start out. As John Hess had mentioned, we have to the West Med deal, which actually closed, the purchase closed already. So we have $400 million associated with that. Libya actually has already happened. So you have a portion of that purchase price being paid approximately 260 million in January. So that has already happened. So just based on those acquisitions, it is going to be lumpy and a little bit front loaded.
Q - Paul Tice: Away from the acquisitions on the organic side, is that going to be fairly evenly split or will it be front-end loaded?
A - John Rielly: I would say for the most part you could say the exploration, as John O'Connor mentioned, there are three wells drilling right now. So we will be a little bit more front loaded on that because there is the deep Gulf wells being drilled there. And then outside of that, it would be difficult for me to tell you for the most part.
Q - Paul Tice: And then based on your internal price stack, do you expect to cover basically all of your CapEx with internal cash flow?
A - John Rielly: Yes, as we look out right now, we expect to cover our CapEx program with cash flow and I should point out don't try to look at that CapEx number as absolutely fixed. I mean it is clearly something that we look at. There is flexibility on that. If business conditions change, we could make changes appropriately. But we will take a look at it at that point. But again we do expect to fund the CapEx program from cash flow.
Q - Paul Tice: What oil and gas prices are you assuming?
A - John Rielly: There is no set, as I said, try not to look at this as an absolute fixed number as we run various cases on price stacks. If there was some changes in prices, we would look at it and maybe we'd continue on, maybe we wouldn't based on the opportunities that we have. We have a very strong balance sheet position actually right now. You could almost pick any price that you want and even if it was a fixed, our debt cap ratio would reduce. But again, we feel very comfortable with the program and our cash flow to fund it.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes your question-and-answer session as well as your presentation for today. Thank you very much for participating and have a wonderful day.
